For the price my husband and I figured it was worth it. We bought the king 8" mattress. I was a bit worried since I am not one for a firm mattress, but we figured for the price we can always buy a thin softer memory foam topper to make it just right.

We ordered site to store and it took a little longer than hoped, just over 10 business days. It was compacted in a manageable sized box and weighed 70 some lbs. It rose to full size fairly quickly and was sleepable in a few hours, though did take a few days before it was fully where it was supposed to be and the memory foam softened up.

Others have commented on the smell, and yes there was a chemical smell that lingered in the house for a few days. I have a sensitive sense of smell and it didn't really bother me.

It is a firm mattress. (If you want a comparison, the Ikea most firm memory foam mattress is somewhat similar). You sink in and it conforms around your body but still stays firm. If you sit or kneel, you really sink in, but once you lay down and disperse your body weight it holds much firmer. I am a small person, a bit over a 100lbs, and I don't sink in as much as I would like to. I think it is more comfortable for my husband.

Something to note is that it does seem to hold body heat a bit more than a regular mattress. For me that's a plus, but for those who like a cool bed, a pillow topper might be a good option if it bothers you too much.

All in all it was an excellent buy. I am going to wait a few more nights before I make a decision on a topper as each night seems to get a little more comfortable.
I have been wanting a memory foam bed for years, because I have back problems and always work up stiff to the point the I could not move. I can NEVER sleep on my back and the first night I woke up on my back and was affraid to attempt to get out of bed, because I knew I would be sore. Low and Behold I was able to get up and only had a slight discomfort. My back is feeling better and better every night I sleep on this mattress. When I noticed Wal-Mart sold these I started checking them out and reviewed ALL of the reviews. I did not have a smell from my mattress and that was one thing I was worried about. I just let the mattress air out about 3 days before I slept on it.

The ONLY down fall I have noticed is on the third day of sleeping on this mattress I was late to work one day and the next day I was ALMOST late to work. I sleep SO well on this bed that I DO NOT want to get out. I would recommed starting to sleep on it on a Thursday that way if you oversleep it will be on a weekend and you wont be late to work.
I have a coworker that has just purchased one and she will be getting it tonight, just in time for the weekend...
I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE It.
The mattress is very comfortable, however, we let it sit on a flat surface for 3 days and it still only measures 6 1/2 inches and that was a generous measurement. I paid for an 8 inch mattress and 1 1/2-2 inches makes a big difference.
I bought the Cal King 8" along with the Premeir Platform Bed Frame (which is awesome). Overall, I got a new Cal King bed and frame for a little over 3 bills which is pretty nice. I read all the reviews of people talking about how great and soft the mattress is and I read the bad reviews of people speaking of how hard the mattress is. Here is the low down, yes the mattress smells and need to air out, yes it will rise to the size your ordered or very close to it. No it is NOT as soft as you might think it is, I put an extra 1" memory foam topper on it which helps. The mattress is new, so of course you probably need to break it in a little. With the 1" topper it is pretty nice. I would prefer it be a little softer and will probably get another 1-3" topper for it. Since it is new and firm, my fiancee and I had to buy new larger pillows to help support our neck and head. Your old favorite down filled pillows, not so good. Overall, my fiancee and I like the mattress. Is it what I expected with all the wonderful reviews? No. Is it as bad as all the terrible reviews? Absolutely not. I would say the mattress is a solid 3.5, a 4 or higher if you get another couple inches of pure memory foam for a topper. They real questions is this, how can you beat getting a cal king frame and matress for a little over $300 and then make it as nice as you want with a few additions around another $150? Nowhere that I looked and I have done my research. I certainly hope this helps.
I received this queen 8" Spa Sensation mattress within a couple days. I was super excited to finally have a new mattress. I chose this mattress due to the fact I had bought my daughter a 6" twin, slept on it and was in love. I took the mattress out of the box and now 1 week and 1 day later the mattress has not decompressed fully. The entire outter edge only measures 4-5 inches. This is very disappointing indeed. Also, it is a bit firmer than I had expected. Very misleading details. However, with all of my frustration I emailed the company and explained the problem they quickly sent me a warranty claim form with instrutions~I sent back everything they needed from me and they again quickly replied stating that indeed my mattress was defective and they were shipping a replacement today. Hopefully, the new mattress will decompress as it should. My fingers are crossed. Will let you know.
After the Spa Sensations 8" mattress rested on the foundation for 2 days it looks nice and is soft to the touch, but it only 6 to 6.5 inches thick, not the advertised 8". I wanted an 8" mattress or I would have ordered a 6" if that is what I wanted.
According to sleeplikethedead.com, 80% of users are satisfied with memory foam beds. 20% of customers who do not like memory foam either complain that is too firm or it gets too hot. Spa sensations is ranked pretty good on their site, that is why I purchased it over the Slumber 1. It comes in a box all compressed up. It fits in the back seat of a 4 door sedan. After taking it out of box, I would let it air out at least for a day due to the smell. The smell is not noticeable unless you have a sensitive nose and directly sniff at it. The first two days, it did feel too firm for me, but now its perfect. For $250 King size is a bargain compared to Tempurpedic.
This bed is awesome. When I first received it I was like no way will this expand to 8 inches. Well after 1 day it was at six inches. I know cause I measured it. LOL. Decided to wait one more day and call cust service and say I was sent a 6 inch however it met the ruler to the inch. My girl friend and I have enjoyed every night on this bed and don't wanna get out of bed. So much room. We are fairly large individuals and we bought the King for $250. A steal. I highly recommend this bed and the Slumber 1 foundation $95 for king frame foundation.
I purchase this mattress some time ago in a queen size. I love it!! I can not say enough good things about it. I have lived with back pain for many years and this is the first mattress that lets me sleep comfortably, My husband also has deginerate disc desease and also has a lot of pain, but he says that this mattress helps his pain tremendously! We have recommended it to many friends and relatives and they too are very satisfied.
Thank you!
Bought twin 8" Spa Sensations back in May 2013 for my son. He loved it and I was thoroughly impressed. My daughter also loved it and every once in awhile would take over my sons bed because she loved the matrress. Well I ordered one for her this Christmas and I could not be more dissapointed. It is a completely different mattress. Only expanded to 6" and is very very flimsy and soft. If you sit on it , you sink and hit yourself on the on the box spring.

From the reviews on this site and my own experience with this mattress my guess is they are using different manufacturers/distributors and its a hit and miss situation. Some customers getting a good mattress and others getting a bad one.

If you are listening Spa Sensations, you better get a handle on this quality control or manufacturer problem because this is a terrible mattress and will not be long before your satisfaction ratings sink.
I've had this bed now for about a year, bought a cal king size to replace the queen bed that we had before. My husband and I love this bed, it is every bit as comfortable as the $1500 serta memory foam queen bed that we had before. In fact, it was almost sickening to think that i could have bought almost 5 of these for the price I payed for the previous one. I would have to say that the only down fall is that it turned out to be a little firmer than I had hoped but over all it is great. I do recommend using jersey knit sheets with any foam mattress because they stretch better than traditional sheets allowing you to truly experience the mattress. great investment overall!!
Im 18, living on my own and one day I got tired of my queen bed taking up my whole bedroom. I decided to get a daybed instead so I could have more room. I wasn't looking to spend too much on a mattress (I was hoping under $200) but every mattress I found in that price range was hard and cheap-looking!
When I found this mattress online I immediately loved it. My only hesitation was that it was only "8 and that it would look too low on the frame with no box spring. I ended up buying it anyway and I am sooo glad I did!
Its shocking to think that a mattress could fit in such a small, light box... but it does! As soon as I cut the plastic, it was like magic- automatically turning into a brand name quality bed!!
Im very happy I found this bed. With the free shipping, easy transportation and fantastic quality... I would recommend it to anyone!
Not only did my mattress arrive at the store 3 days earlier than expected (I chose for them to deliver it to the closest Wal-Mart) But after taking it from the box (the wrapping on the bed is covered by another bag which is admittedly very irritating to remove and to be completely honest I just ripped it) the bag, once set where you desire it to forever be, it is simple enough to cut open and remove. There is a scent, but it's not a bad or provocatively strong smell. I could watch it filling back up with air that had obviously been sucked out of it to make it fit into the bag and box. PLEASE pay attention to the fact that it says to open within 72 hours. Anyway, it's exactly what you expect from a memory foam mattress. And I LOVE it :)
I have owned this mattress for just over 1 year. I did not expect great things when I ordered this mattress, despite the great reviews. I didn't see how a foam mattress could be that comfortable. But I live in a remote rural area and decided on this mattress because it is compressed in a box and I could transport it easily home in my car. It was a little difficult to get it positioned on the bed myself but not too hard. Some people have mentioned a chemical smell but I didn't notice any smell. It was fully expanded in a few hours and ready to be slept on that night.

For the first week it was definitely weird sleeping on the foam mattress but I got used to it pretty quickly. I didn't realize how comfortable it was until several months later when I went on vacation and stayed in a hotel. I was in an upscale hotel and it had a fancy mattress but I was so uncomfortable. Getting home and sleeping on my memory foam mattress made me realize how incredibly comfortable it is.

Still, I didn't think the mattress would last that long being foam - I'm a large person. But now it's a year later and the mattress feels just like it did when it was new, none of the 'sinking' or 'flattening' you see with the foam toppers.

I've decided to get a new bed (I want to go to a full from a queen) because my apartment is very small, so I made sure to buy the same mattress in a full. Now my only problem is how to get rid of the queen size mattress...
I bought this mattress after reading several reviews. I will say that first off I was a little skeptical because yes... it does come folded and deflated and practically vacuum packed into plastic, and then placed in a plastic bag, and then packed into a cardboard box. It took my husband and myself at least 5 minutes or more to just get it out of the packaging. We both did notice a smell to it, but after 3 nights it seemingly went away, after it had sorta inflated and expanded. I let the mattress air out and expand for 3 days and then put a mattress topper and sheets over it. I must say... WOW!! I love, and I mean absolutely love, sleeping on my bed now. I thought I would never say that given we were in a pinch and I was never really a big fan of memory foam type mattresses. But even if this mattress only lasts a year, I'd say it was well worth my $214. I hope this review helps some one thinking about purchasing it. Buy a mattress topper at walmart for $20-30 for all the nay sayers who thought it might be too hard. I did not have any problems what so ever with this mattress being too hard to sleep on. I could say that even with out the mattress topper I would still love it. We purchased a brand new spring coil mattress from... I think American Bed or something like that in Hoffman Estates and it only lasted two years before it started coming apart at the seams and eventually broke. I can say that I weigh about 170lbs., shamefully, and that this mattress has been able to support me just fine. My hubby is a bit bigger, 275+ and this mattress held us both. We have a platform bed from Ikea. MALM series. If any of that helps. Great mattress and would HIGHLY recommend!
WOW this is my first memory foam mattress so I love it its not to firm not to soft its just right the 8" spa sensations mattress is great...sure id love to have a Tempur-pedic but i live the real world and i dont have a $1000 for a memory foam tempur-pedic .. So for $235.00 Queen site to store,I could ask for anything more......Quit thinking about and just do it if you still use a spring mattress your living in the dark ages...Evolve move up in the world and the best thing for that is some GREAT sleep this is the way to go...Now when I wake up I'm refreshed and ready to star the brand new day.Unlike my metal spring mattress where I felt bad,and just simply didn't sleep well at all.The memory foam mattress makes me feel better all around..Because now I sleep at night and spend less time tossing and turning...NOTE some parts of mattress never rose to exactly 8" some corners are only around 7.5" but the memory foam seems to be at a constant 2" all around as stated so that's the important part....
I would recomend this mattress to any one under 120 pounds. I say this as my wife fits this range, I myself am in the 250 range. This matress is very comfortable, and was for a couple of months, then my side started to get softer and softer, my wife had no complaints. I had laid on my wifes side of the bed and it was very firm like when it was new. At the 90 day return mark, my side of the bed had no more support, my wife's side was fine. I returned the mattress. My wife & I thought the mattress was very firm and comfortable. If you are a bigger person you will probably crush the memory out of the memory foam.
I was very doubtful about getting any memory foam mattress after laying on them at a number of furniture stores- my husband fell in love the very first time, but it felt like a slightly soft piece of cememt to me.
So spending thousands of dollars was out as well- I wanted to spend as little as possible if we were going to be selling it & getting something else!

I began researching & came up on the Spa Sensations & settled on the 8", with my fingers crossed.

It was shipped very quickly (which has always been my experience w/Walmart-thank you!). Packaged very well. Due to my asthma & concerned about the fumes, my husband took it out of the packaging to air out & open up inside our SUV.
Wow! No smell & it was ready w/in 2 hrs. We carried it in, slipped it in the waiting mattress protector & slept on it the first night!
No lingering odor(s) that woke me up needing my inhaler, we both got the best night's sleep we had in years, since owing a waterbed.

We had a traditional pillowtop for about 10yrs, then went to the sleep by numbers, which was never comfortable for my husband & began shoulder issues for me if I slept on my side (my normal position).
We both have physically demanding jobs as well as a physically active lifestyle (running more than 15 miles per week, biking more than 50...) and are on the small to average body size, but we both have wide shoulders, which side sleeping can cause issues w/if there is not enough support.
This mattress is a wonder! We have had it for 3 weeks now; neither of us have woken up during the night trying to find a comfortable position & all of the prop pillows we were using to comphensate are now in the spare bedroom.
Just the ones for the head & between the knees for when we are on our sides! Thank you for such a great product!!
my husband was reading the reviews and decided to purchase this matresses we got tired of purchasing new matress and not sleeping good I havent slept this good in years we looked at the temperedic but for the fraction of the cost we decided to try this one I highly recommend this matresses
I got this today for my 5 year old twin bed. My husband and I have a Tempur-Pedic mattress that we paid a lot of money for and I wanted something good for her too but, can't afford $600 right now for a twin Tempur-Pedic. All I can say is WOW!! This mattress feels the same as our and it is truly 8". I took it out of the box and in minutes it was to normal size!
So this bed is AWESOME! I bought my first one 6-7 years ago, and my second maybe 2 years ago. I have recommended to a couple of people who have purchased, and they are very satisfied. I have also had guests sleep on the mattress and they love it as well.

I was reading reviews and in particular the negative ones, and one reviewer (of a positive review) pointed out some users may be using the wrong type of support for the memory mattress.

To hopefully help someone out, please note you should not be putting these mattresses on box springs. It will not work properly. This mattress is design to be on a rock solid support (think concrete slab floor, seriously). The only part of the bed you want to move is the top memory foam layer (approx. 3 inches). Since box springs move up and down, AND the memory foam moves up and down, you will have crazy unpredictable (and I would imagine uncomfortable) movement if you combine the two. PLEASE DO NOT put a foam mattress on a box spring foundation. IKEA has a pretty good wooden bed base if you don't have one. I also read of ppl putting plywood on boxsprings??? I dunno, just seems if you care about your back and your sleep you'd just do it right. My wooden bases only cost me $150. Well worth it to me. And if you don't care about being high up, you can get the skinny wooden slats for like $20. Also, along w/ the recommendation for a fully rigid support, if you can't lay on your mattress support without it sagging, then why would you be surprised that the memory foam mattress sags. You need the right support! I know for sure Queen and King beds need an extra support down the middle, not just at the sides.

Just wanted to throw that out there in case it helps anyone.
I can say that with the right rigid support, this mattress is AMAZING. Better sleep than the Westin, Marriott, and Hilton mattresses...and you cannot beat the price :)
I can't complain about this bed for the price, it's a little stiffer then I thought but with a nice mattress pad it's fine. Once you lay down for a bit the heat from your body makes it softer [although I have not yet experienced this in the summer]. The bed comes shrink wrapped and arrives at about a 1/2" thickness. Plan to let it sit somewhere and air out while rising back to 8" as it does have a chemical smell for a bit. Otherwise I sleep well and have never had a sore shoulder when waking up. I would recommend this for anyone on a budget or someone who likes firm beds.
comfortable mattress, but the downside is, if you're slightly overweight the part of the mattress you sleep on doesn't fully return to its normal shape. there is about a 3 inch dip on one side from my husband, which after only about 4-5 months of sleeping on it, has become very uuncomfortable for him. i would only recommend this mattress if you are on the lighter side!
The bed came in a package dated over a year ago when originally packaged in China. I'm not sure how long these mattresses are supposed to sit wrapped up, but this seemed excessive.
We unwrapped it and it didn't fluff up very much at all, so we waited the 48 hours; still nothing resembling a mattress appeared. I got between 3-4 inches total on the sides, and a max of 5 inches height in the middle after 4 days waiting.
This is a VERY poor quality item, and I know because I ordered the exact same mattress 2 years ago and just loved it. This is NOT the same mattress.. it feels different, looks different, and unwraps differently. Walmart, your old distributor and/or original factory you used in 2012 was awesome, but this change is quite disappointing. Hideous craftsmanship.
I called Walmart customer service at 1 (800) 925-6278 and complained. I got a pleasant woman named Michelle to issue me a refund after a 14 minute wait on hold.
Unsure if I will take another gamble on an mattress here again, because this thing is going straight to the landfill. What a waste. I hope this is just an oddity, but many other reviewers reflect the same experiences with lack of expansion.
After reading some reviews saying it didnt expand evenly, I was a little worried, but since it is a nice price, i purchased anyways. After setting on the floor for about 2.5 days the mattress expanded pretty evenly phew! After sleeping in it a bit, it seem to be a little too soft(I sink in a bit to much while sleeping face up). I still like it because I like to sleep on my sides and it feels about right when I sleep on my sides, so if you are a side sleeper like me you will like it. For people who sleep up right I think you will feel your lower back to thigh area sink in a bit too much.
I was looking for a memory foam mattress for a guest bed. I bought this one because the reviews were great and the price was right.

Ok, got it home and set it on the bed. This thing feels like like sleeping on concrete to me, I'm not even kidding. I have a soft mattress on my regular bed, and I wasn't expecting something plush and bouncy, but this is terrible disappointment, not what I was expecting at all.

It feels hard as a brick when I lay on it. I'm trying to find some kind of topper to put on top of it so I don't have to return it. I don't even know how to return it because there is no way I could even get it back in the bag to take it back to the store.

I wish I hadn't bought it. It will be interesting to see if my review goes through since it's not exactly favorable.
Its comfortable, affordable and comes packaged so that it fit in my sedan, no problem. The bed AND the frame by the same company both fit in my car in one trip! I was shocked!

I had a sleep number before this bed and I HATED that thing! My back always hurt and it always felt like laying on a over inflated balloon no matter the settings.

This bed is VERY soft, which is okay but it sinks down a little low (and I'm only 130lbs). It might be considered a little too soft. Oh, well, I should have gotten the thicker one if I wanted to avoid that! I got the King sized mattress and got the Spa Sensations "Steel Smart Base Bed" so I did not have to purchase a box spring. They work well together! I sleep just fine on this bed.

Good product and good value.
Going by the great reviews for this product online, I placed an order and got a lesson of a lifetime, never buy your mattress without actually feeling it once. This mattress was way too soft for me. Its not hard at all as few claimed in the reviews. It gave me backaches every morning, I was sad of my decision. I'm working on returning this product. I would suggest all to first read the negative reviews and then read the positive ones.
I purchased this product mainly for it's price and didn't expect much from it. I have to say, it is the most comfortable mattress. Not too firm or soft but just right. I purchased a tempurpedic one for my daughter and it was more expensive and is way too firm. Would definitely recommend!
So after enough research and based on previous reviews i went with this 8" mattress and was really excited. The shipping was quick (just 3 days). I opened the package and wooop goes the mattress starts expanding. Once it was expanded it was very unevenly spread, 2 corners were squeezy in shape while the center had a bulge. Moreover it expanded only till 6" - 6 and half inch. Lets see how it remains but the fist look was not satisfying. Thought of returning but its huge, and I have no idea i to compress it again.
I'm grateful to all those that left reviews before me- they gave me the confidence to make this purchase ... so I'm leaving my own comments hoping it will do the same for others ... I have had a TempuPedic in the past - but was unable to take it with me when I moved .... I was very skeptical that I'd get a similar quality for $199 ... but friends ... that's just what I received ... I have no idea how this will hold up after time ... and I'm a little disappointed that my mattress never reached the full eight inches ... but the Spa Sensations is just a wonderful product .... I ordered on a Friday morning .... and to my surprise and pleasure the mattress arrived at my door the next day early Saturday afternoon .... from the first nite I was comfortable...felt supported ... and didn't toss and turn ... I had my first restful sleep in months ... Great product .... lightening fast delivery .... I'm very happy with my purchase and grateful for all the Walmart reviews that made this possible for me ....
I have been sleeping on this mattress for a couple of days after sleeping on a signature sleep that was too small for me. I thought maybe every foam mattress was the same but i am finding out differently. This is what i have found:
The smell went away after a couple of days.
The cover is really nice.
It wasnt too much of a hassle to remove from the box.
Thats the good.
This mattress is sooo hard. I woke up yesterday with neck pain and today with back pain.
My other memory foam mattress i sink evenly, this one i sink in different places. When i sit, my butt sinks but my legs dont. Thats weird and uncomfortable.
When i lay down, my butt doesnt sink. Actually none of me does. It's like laying on a board. This is going back as soon as i figure out how to get it folded up into the car. They design these so they cant be returned dont they?
I bought this mattress and had it shipped to the store. I got there, picked it up and was at first shocked by the box it came in. I had arranged for someone with a bigger vehicle, not knowing it would fit in my car's back seat because of the way it was packaged!! I got it home, put it up and WOW! You need to lay it out for a couple hours to let it expand since they had vacuum packed it, but other than that I just put the sheets on it and slept on it that night. This thing is extremely comfortable! I suffer from back & neck pain, and let me tell you, I don't anymore! This is the best purchase ever, especially for the price. I did also buy memory foam pillows, and I think that's a huge help as well. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!!
I was well pleased when we opened the package and the mattress sprang quickly into its shape, and the odor did not linger long. I was dissapointed that it was firmer than I had expected, but after sleeping on it for a month, that has change4d. The areas where we sleep are rapidly breaking down and becoming too soft, while the areas where we do not sleep are still firm. For the price, this is not a good quality mattress and I would not reccomend it.
I was surprised at how many favorable reviews of this product were posted, considering the very reasonable price and the huge price range across the country for similar products by well known retailers. However, for the sale price of $202, I thought this was not much to risk, especially with the return policy. As stated, the mattress is rolled up and nicely packaged into a box that easily fits into one's car, so picking it up at my local Walmart after it was shipped to that location within a week (after a notifying cell phone text and email reminder that it was ready to be picked up) was very convenient. I purchased a new platform bed that does not use a boxspring and has a wooden platform surface on which the mattress rests. The mattress is firm, comfortable, and conforming to one's body in different positions and reliably returns to the neutral baseline state when you are not on the mattress (no dents or impressions are left). The chemical odor did take more than a few days to dissipate, but I was prepared for that, so it was not a problem. In short, I think this is an exceptional buy, and would recommend this product without hesitation. Most will feel this is a very comfortable alternative to a regular mattress and if you do not like it, you can always easily return it.
Avoid avoid this mattress, just after a few nights sleep the mattress sags so deep that you get back pain immediately and from next day it becomes so uncomfortable. When trying to reach the manufacturer on thier web site, the 1-800 number goes to extension 110 and then goes to voicemail. They have no customer service basically.
Why spend thousands for a mattress when you can get the same quality and comfort for a fraction of the cost. Also save on shipping by having it shipped to the store. A queen size can fit in most cars. After the mattress is unwrapped it's amazing to watch it puff up. The slight odor soon goes away. I've bought three so far.
I have owned my 8" mattress for about 6 months now..

Pro: sleeps well, comfortable, decent quality.
Consumer products says it will last 5 yrs.

Con: The odor never went away. With the house closed up in summer with A/C on, you can smell the odor each time you walk into the bedroom. It never disappears. It's not offensive, but it's there.

Someone mentioned putting a 2 inch foam topper on top of the mattress to make it softer. I purchased the foam topper, the day I picked up the mattress. Put the topper on top and have never slept on mattress without topper.

Soft, pliable, comfortable..
Noticed yesterday that the mattress never went back to it's fluffy self after I slept it in, overnight. Not sure what that was about.. It's supposed to go back to fluffy state after I get out of bed.
So, 6 months in, noticed the bed didn't take on it's natural shape after sleeping in it, overnight.

So 8" mattress for $300 (with tax) that is supposed to last 5 yrs.
I will update this review from time to time to let others know how the bed lasted 5 yrs or not.
I was very excited to try this out based on all the good reviews. Mine din't rise. After three days the memory foam layer on top rose in only a few spots. The matress was useless this way. I took it back (Walmart return policy saved me). I am going to give it one more chance and have ordered another one. If the next one doesn't work out I'm really going to wonder about all the wonderful ratings on this matress. Did I just get a lemon??? We'll see...
The memory foam portion of the mattress is only the top 2 inches; the rest is regular foam.
I read all the reviews before purchasing this mattress and they were all mostly positive so I gave it a try. I was surprised how fast shipping was because I had ordered the mattress on Wednesday night and received it Friday morning (I picked standard shipping). The set up was fast and soon as my husband and I got to lay on it we were SPEECHLESS how comfortable it was. The mattress is firm and adjusts to your body. I'm very pleased with my purchase and would recommend it to anyone in search of a memory foam mattress.
I was very disappointed in this mattress! I thought it was going to be sinkable, molding to your body. NOT!!! It was worse than sleeping on a hardwood floor, I tried for a good month to get used to it, but to no avail, I had to throw almost $400 out the window, I couldn't even give it away. Please do not buy this product unless you like a firm mattress, and I mean firm!!!
Very mad in Pa.
When you need a mattress on a tight budget then this is highly recommended. I have mixed feelings about the mattress, though. While it's so much cheaper than a traditional mattress, it's not the most comfortable. At first we loved it. We thought it was so comfortable. After a little while it seemed too firm for us. It's hard to describe it as "soft" or "firm" because it's sort of like both. But after sleeping on it for a while and we wake up kind of stiff feeling then I want to call it too firm. It conforms to your body nicely. Also it doesn't bounce around if the other person is moving. And it looks nice and sleek on our platform bed. In the almost 3 years we've had it it has not lost any of it's shape or had any dips. It also comes with a mattress cover that you can remove and wash. I think I'm going to look for a plush pillow top mattress topper in hopes that it will make it even better.
I ordered this mattress based on all the positive reviews I read and because most reviews stated this was a firm mattress. I was definitely apprehensive about ordering something that cost so little but with the great reviews I went for it. When I received this it was very thin and did have a slight odor but I expect that with memory foam mattresses. I let it sit out for several days waiting for it to go from 6 inches to 8 inches. It stayed at 6 inches even after 4 days and it was very soft. I don't see how this could be considered firm in anyway! I could even squish the bed between my fingers to just a couple of inches. I have purchased memory foam beds in the past and love them but didn't want to spend too much since this is for a guest room that doesn't get used very often. This bed just will not do. The only positive in this is that I was able to return it to my local Walmart even though I purchased it online and they returned it even though it had been opened. Maybe I got a lemon....but based on what I received I cannot recommend this.
I read all of the positive 2,400 reviews and decided to buy this mattress. I had another innerspring Sealy firm mattress that we bought for $2k and we were unhappy with it for about 3 years. I was so fed up that I decided to sleep on the floor to see if it was my back or the mattress. It was definitely the mattress! I then rushed online to buy mattress. I gave up on coin mattress and decided to buy the memory foam ones. It was THE BEST decision of my life. I sleep like a baby now! The mattress is still on the floor and I love it! I literally gave my old mattress away for free and I don't really care, because I got one that is 10% of the price and 10,000 times better. I definitely recommend it. It is a soft mattress, compared to my other firm one, but it supports your body perfectly. It is good that it gets a little warm, because it helps relax my muscles and have a better night of sleep. I don't to use heavy blankets because the bed already warms us up and does the job. GREAT DEAL! I will only buy this brand/model now going forward.
We were very excited to receive our new mattress and had to wait an extra 3 days for WalMart to Ship it from Bentonville, AR (3.5 hours driving time) to our WalMart Store. Once the order arrived I picked it up and let it air out for over 8 days as recommended by the manufacturer. Still our 8" inch mattress only measured 6" inches.
We ordered a King Size so after discussing the outcome we decided were would just keep the mattress rather than lugging it back to the store. As near as we can tell the mattress was mismarked so buyer be where..you don't always get what you pay for. Lessoned learned.
I read all the reviews of this mattress and decided to buy it. Unfortunately, it was much firmer than I expected. When I lay on my back, the firmness is bearable. However, when I lay on my side, there is a lot of uncomfortable pressure on my shoulder and hip. Before this mattress I slept on just a 4 inch memory foam pad on top of solid wood base without a mattress, and that was much more comfortable. It actually envelops your body and deeply conforms to your curves. This mattress w/ just the 2 inches of memory foam does not provide that same comfort. This mattress feels more like a firm innerspring mattress. Therefore, I would not recommend this product.
Just for reference, I'm 5'8" and weigh 155 lbs. I'm not sure how comfortable this mattress may be for someone who is smaller or bigger.
After a lot of research, I finally decided to buy this 8" Queen size mattress for myself. I had it shipped to a nearby store from where I picked it up. It was extremely compressed and fitted in a small box.
As soon as I opened the package, it started expanding. I left it for nearly 2 days without using so that it regains to complete form.
Initially I felt that this mattress was an excellent choice soft and comfortable, I had no complains. I usually have had back pain in the past which reduced a lot after just a few weeks of sleeping on this mattress.
Today its been nearly 3 months since I purchased this mattress. Unfortunately there is a big dent in my mattress on the side where I sleep and even my back pain has returned. I'm not even that heavy(180lb) to make such an impact on the mattress.
I wish I can return this mattress, but its such a huge thing that Im not sure how to even return it.

I would not recommend this mattress to anyone.
Sooo!!! Im a young adult with limited finance and was really looking to buy a new bed. I have scoliosis and had a back injury from horse back riding and before this mattress I had a twin spring. I kept getting worse back pain from my mattress and I woke up miserable. Also, being and emt and having to lift all the time and come back to a bed that will make your back worse than it already is, NO! Soo i tried Amazon but some reviews told me to be careful cause the reviews were fake. But then I came along Walmart's mattresses and this was one of the best rated. I read the reviews because me being cheap needed to make sure it was worth the try,time, and money. Fortunately my decision was amazing!! Ive been sleeping in this mattress for only a week and i have to say its jusy soo comfortable and now i have less back pain! No more stupid spring. It really is worth the money!! I would give it a try! I got the full size and its just xD omg awsome lol!!!
I was highly impressed by all the reviews for this mattress , that was one of the major reason I purchased it.
Unfortunately, It was not made for me. I feel it was too soft for me , I couldn't get any sleep on this mattress. I eventually started sleeping on the floor while my wife slept on it. Though, the thing to note is she was able to sleep okay on it. Let me clarify, I don't have any back problems, neither does she !

So I would suggest, take your call before buying this.

Above all, I would like to thank Walmart for being so nice to me. They not only returned my money fully, they also offered to get it picked up from my place.

Walmart is great set of values !
Took this out of the plastic, and within a couple of hours you could smell it throughout our entire house! Tried to let it air out, but by the next day I had an awful headache from the smell. I returned to Walmart for a refund 1 day after receiving it. Luckily, a furniture store in our area had a good mattress for the same price and I went with that for our son's new bed. There was no way I was going to let him attempt to sleep on something that smelled so awful. I went against my better judgment on this mattress, I let all the positive reviews sway me to give it a try. Not sure why people either love it or hate it. Also, besides the smell, in the 24 hours we had it out of the packaging it didn't take shape like it was supposed to...the corners and the long sides of the mattress stayed compressed at around 2-3 inches max while the middle seemed to bow out up to 6-7 inches. Not sure if it would have taken proper shape if we had kept it around, but I wasn't willing to put up with the smell long enough to find out.
I really contemplated about purchasing this mattress for some time - read lots of reviews and bought it afterall. My hubby & I have been sleeping on waterbeds for about 30 years, regular and softside. We tested lots of memory foam mattresses in stores also before this purchase and thought we were ready for the switch. It was delivered to our house around noon, opened it and let it form into shape. Decided we could live with the smell and were anxious to try it out so we moved it onto our foundaton the next day. The horror story began the first morning following sleeping on the mattress. Oh, did I say sleep? Hardly, we tossed all night long. I was so exhausted and couldn't bear the thought of sleeping on it again so I took some time off from work and we went out and bought another mattress. I hate to say we spent $1600 on a Simmons Beautyrest mattress (just the mattress, no foundation), but we are finally sleeping like babies now.
For anyone who is used to sleeping on a waterbed or soft mattress, please consider staying away from this memory foam.
The only good ending to this story is that we were able to return it to the local WalMart store. It was extremely hard trying to roll a king memory foam mattress to return, but we did it and they had to come out with a large flat cart to take it into the store.
I bought this because of the good reviews. I wanted something for our lake house. I've never bought a mattress on line. I guess that was my big mistake. Thought I would save some money. Wrong. It was way too soft and sank in too much. So I ordered a 4 inch topper. Thought it would make it a little firmer. It did. But not enough. It's been a year and it is still just as uncomfortable. Now I guess I'll just have to throw this one out and go to a mattress store like I should have in the first place.
two months ago I got the twin size and it was great. Than I order a king size for my bed what a big diff its a real let down. Its very soft and poor. Im really upset about it.you just cant put something this big in the car and just return it
I bought this for my two year old son's new big boy bed and after two months of him sleeping on it I have came the the conclusion that this mattress is not for us. He wakes up drenched in sweat, and smelling like vinegar. I have slept with him on many occasions with the same results for me, waking up several times a night sweating profusely. I would not recommend this product.
I was so excited after I read the reviews on this mattress. I couldn't wait for it to arrive.
After I arrived I got my entire family together to experience what everyone says was amazing to watch. We cleared a large area on the floor with plenty of room for the show...what a disappointment to all!
It did not do what it said. I opened it and cleared away all the packaging and waited and waited. It very slowly started to expand. The family walked away shaking their heads. Everyone disappointed. Instead of waiting 2 days like it recommended, I wanted to make sure it had a chance to fully expand so I waited 3 days. My son was so ready for his new mattress. After 2 days of giving it a chance he finally told me it was horrible and that his old mattress was so much better. I tried it as well, he was right. So very uncomfortable!!
It's too big to send back so now I'm stuck with a useless so called mattress that is taking up space in my garage. Not to mention out of the money I paid for it.
I have always loved everything I have ordered thru Wal-Mart until this...
When my father told me about the memory foram mattress I was excited but when I read the reviews, I was skeptical because of it being too firmed, I already have a firm mattress so I didn't want another one. When I slept on the memory foam it wasn't as firmed as I was led to believe. I am so glad I wasn't disappointed, I am finally able to get a good night sleep.
I am glad I purchased this product
I read quite a few reviews before buying this mattress. Most of the comments were about its' comfort.
This is my experience:
It came in a box that was heavy and compact. Cut it out of the package and left it on the bed for a couple of days to allow for gassing out and expanding. After 2 days we slept on it.

My usual sleep pattern is no more than 6 hours of sleep and then I wake up, unable to sleep more. This has been my life for the past 20-30 years or more.

Night one of sleeping on the Spa Sensations 8 Memory Foam Mattress, I fell asleep and woke up 9 hours later. I recalled that I experienced many dreams. It was difficult to believe that I had slept so long. Probably a fluke. Night 2, was a repeat of night one, and this continued every night after that for the next 9 days which brings us to now as I write this review.

It is comfortable, not to firm, but firm enough. In the past I didn't always remember that I was dreaming. Sleeping on this mattress, I am fully aware that I have dream experiences. I have to make sure I go to bed earlier so not to oversleep in the morning.

The out-gassing was not horrible. The initial smell lasted longer than 3 days, never overwhelming and was slightly noticeable after that.

If my long nights and dreamy experiences change I will send an update.

Sleep well...
I am actually astounded by this product! For the past year we have purchased and returned or purchased and given away FIVE (5)...yes, FIVE different makes and models of mattresses in an attempt to find one that: a. felt comfortable b. did not bunch up, and MOST importantly, c. eased or eliminated joint pain experienced after what should have been a good night's sleep.
HALLELUJAH!!! This one does them all. Initially taken aback by the tiny packaging, this mattress fluffed to full size in no time and proved itself night after night by its comfortable, wonderful, painfree, sleep! NOTE: It is a pretty firm feeling mattress, so if you want to sink deeply into the foam, this isn't what you'd want. This mattress is FIRMLY SOFT. No sagging. No partner movement to disrupt peaceful sleep. CONFORMS to my contours while supporting me comfortably whether I am on my side, back, or tummy. SO GLAD I read the reviews and bought THIS ONE before I sunk $$$$$$ on a famously similar product.
While I like this mattress, I find it a little to firm for my body to be comfortable. I had to purchase a soft topper to make it acceptable for me to sleep on without it making my hips and back ache. That being said, I still think it is a good value for the price.

I did not experience any bad smells and my mattress is a full 8" thick after opening and letting it inflate back to normal. I took about 1.2 to 2 hours to reach the full thickness. I slept on it the first night,

I had it shipped to my home for just a few dollars. Can't beat that, and I am glad I did, it was a little heavy and an awkward size box for me to handle, but I managed to get it out of the box and lay it out on my platform bed by myself.

Knowing what I know, I would purchase this mattress again. I also don't think a thicker mattress (they have a 10" available) would have made any difference. Don't know about the 6", I thought that would have been a little too thin for an adult.

I also purchased a set of jersey knit sheets from Walmart to go on my new mattress and I am very happy with those. They are thicker than expected and very comfortable to sleep on.
We bought the 6" mattess frist and like it alot. So now we needed a king for our main bedroom. Got this one. We knew that it would have to be aired out for a couple of weeks, the 6" did too. We have been sleeping on it for only three nights. It is much harder than the 6". You do not from to it too well. if you like a very frim mattress this would be the one. we like the 6" much better. not too soft, and not to frim. they are made by the same company, so not sure why the difference. At this point we are not sure if we would keep it.
I purchased this mattress 3 and a half years ago (2010) and loved it. I never measured it, so I can't speak of its total thickness, but it was very comfortable... at first. I rotate the mattress every two months, but even so, after two years there were "dents" in it. Not long after we noticed the dents I started waking up with a sore back, and eventually would wake up with everything hurting. So the pain, plus the aggravation of the dents (and feeling like I was trying to roll uphill when rolling over) forced me to purchase a new mattress. It really was comfortable at first, and I had bragged to everyone how great it was, but sadly, it just didn't last.

And a PS, I'm of average size and my girlfriend is tiny, so it's not like the mattress got beat down by an elephant.
I thought this would be soft like the canopy foam mattresses wal-mart sells. However the first night I slept on it I felt like I was laying on the ground. You sink into it, but it doesn't feel good. Even my husband who wanted a firmer mattress said this was too firm for him. This is going back to the store.
Not even close to 8 inches. Tape measure says its about 6 inches and possibly 6.5 inches if you're generous. I gave this "mattress" the necessary time to expand and its not even close to the advertised size. It pretty much stopped expanding after 3 hours and has been the same ever since. It is more of a mattress topper than a full replacement piece. Can you sleep on it? sure, but its not what you would expect.
I purchased this bed for a temporary situation and it was placed on a bed frame without a box spring, much like in a dormitory. It is amazing! I did not wake up at all through the night for several nights and still am getting an amazing amount of sleep. Don't be fooled that because this bed isn't a $600.00 bed from a furniture store that it is not a good bed. Some sort of way it's designed so that a box spring isn't necessary. I'm generally not a memory foam person because I find the design of the material to be too firm. I am more of a plush bed person. Well, this must have the memory gel, which is different. This bed contours to your body. If your elbow is in a spot, the bed contours to your elbow! It is not too firm or too plush. You have to try it! If you happen to be using this in a dormitory like setting, encase it in a bedbug mattress cover to protect it. This particular one is a twin not a twin xl so keep that in mind as well.
I am so impressed with this queen size mattress. First of all, this was an extremely convenient way to receive a mattress. Delivered to my home within several days of purchasing. You simply lay it where you want it to expand and walk away. No need to worry about strapping it on top of a car or paying a delivery fee. After about 24 hours it was expanded to 6 inches. I felt that was high enough, however after several more days passed (and we were sleeping on it nightly) I measured again. It did expand fully to the advertised 8 inches. Some reviewers mentioned a chemical odor, however this was not noticed by anyone in my family. I have it placed on a metal bedframe (spa sensations brand) without a box spring. This mattress is SO comfortable. It simply feels like sleeping on a cloud. Back pain has gone away! I love the fact that you do not feel your partner tossing and turning....there is no bounce to the mattress at all. We have been using it for over a month. Currently the queen is advertised on walmart for $199. You cannot beat that. I paid $229 and thought that was a great deal.
We bought this for a platform bed and it took us about a week to get used to it. Not because its bad but because it was the first time in a long time we had real support in the mattress. Its firm yet soft hard to explain. The biggest thing we had to get used to was almost no movement of the bed by someone else that was getting in or out and totally silent. lol
I first ordered a full size 8" mattress for a spare guest bed. It expanded fully with no problems and there was little to no odor. The mattress is definitely firm but comfortable. I decided to order a second one to replace my 13 yr. old tube style waterbed. I ordered a queen size 8" mattress and this one is definitely not as good of a quality mattress as the full size one. There is a difference! It didn't expand fully and is not as firm and solid as the full size one I have. There is also an obnoxious odor that hasn't dissipated yet after three days. I let it expand for 48 hours, then slept on it the first time last night and I could smell the odor coming through my deluxe mattress pad and sheets. I slept ok but getting in and out of bed, the sides of the mattress collapse down a lot more than my full size one. I will probably end up having to spend another $100 for a mattress topper for it and had I known I would have just spent the extra money for the 10" mattress. I would return it if it wasn't such a pain in the neck to get it back to the store and then it's a gamble on ordering another one and not knowing what you're going to get. I can understand why some reviews praise this mattress and others don't because they are not all created equally. I got a good one and a dud.
Mattress is alright but does not live up to expectations. Ive had this for about four days now. The mattress is alright but i paid for an 8 inch mattress not a six inch. After four days the mattress is still at six inches. When getting into bed you can feel the box spring as the mattress is to thin. i am an average size guy but to much pressure in one spot and you are on the box spring. I really wish i would have gotten the twelve inch but then again i bought and 8 inch and ended up with a 6 inch so would it have really matter?
I`m 74 years old, 6ft 2ins tall, 255 lbs., I bottom out on this mattress, I should have bought the 12 inch mattress.
I love the memory foam mattress pad I have on my bed so I thought if I bought a memory foam mattress for my son it would be even better! I was very wrong. It is so hard! Sometimes I get kicked out of my bed because my son has the occasional bad dream so I crash in his room. Man, I wake up so sore, it's crazy! I feel guilty putting him to bed on it every night! I kept thinking maybe it'll soften up but he's had it for 6 months now and it's still hard. We are going to have to get rid of it, it's awful. I read all of these wonderful reviews before I bought it and I'm shocked by how many people like this mattress. I guess maybe it's just not for everyone??
We bought the 12" mattress 3 years ago, and it's been absolutely excellent.

We just bought an 8", and it was terrible. It just never expanded the way it should have after 7 days of waiting. It was 3" thick in some areas (especially the sides) and it was 7" in other areas. We noted that it wasn't vacuum sealed at all... and when we opened the bad it didn't really immediately start expanding the way our other mattress had.

So we called wal-mart... they sent us another one... and after 4 days this one is exactly the same.

What a bummer. I'd love to hear that other people lately have had this same experience and that they just had a bad production run, because we still *want* this mattress!
Got mold develops on the surface of your Memory foam mattress after 1 year.
I have back pain problem. I wanted to buy a mattress that can make me feel comfortable, and I narrowed to this one and another coil spring mattress. At last I bought this because I believed this one could save me from the pain and could be much lighter.

It is still heavier than I expect, 37lb for a full size. I am 120 lb, I have to roll and drag it into my room.

After the first night use, I didn't feel better. I was quite disappointed. However, after 3 - 4 days use, my back pain is GONE! The magic thing is, the mattress fits into the natural curve of my spine and supports my back in a gentle way. You won't know it because it is so gentle, but it is really supporting your back. I am so happy that from now on I can wake up without any pain along my spine. Yesterday I slept at my friend's home and got the pain back almost immediately. It proved that this mattress really helps.

BTW, please take my review as a reference only. If you have severe back pain, consult your doctor first.
I purchased this mattress with the hopes it would be a cheap solution to finding a comfortable bed to sleep on. My husband and I weigh 500 pounds (combined weight) and we have been married for 30 years. We can never find a bed we can agree on. We have spent thousands of dollars over the years looking for the right mattress. Who knew that we could have a great night sleep for so little money? We have had the king mattress (on a cheap king frame we purchased at Wal-Mart, also) for a month and have never slept better!!!!! Between the mattress and the frame we spent less than $400. WOW!
After reading a ton of reviews on here and other sites about this and many other types I decided on this one. After about three weeks no back pain and my my wife hasn't had an issue either. For the money you can't go wrong and if it does you have 90 days with walmart to take it back.
I definitely recommend this product, I am using this mattress for couple of weeks and so far my back pain lessen to 90%(i guess).... what i really like on this mattress its like territorial it means only the part of the mattress you occupied moved when you move or changed position so it does not bother your partner or vice-versa. Perfect combination with Premier Platform Bed Frame which I think durable and easy to set up.
We are setting our daughter up in a rental house while she attends graduate school. The bed arrived in just a few days, and we set it up immediately. It was easy to carry inside, and very easy to set up. Within just a few hours, the bed had completely aired out and was fully "inflated." Our daughter has been sleeping on it for about a week, and she told us that this bed is even more comfortable than her expensive pillow top mattress at home!

We have also purchased 4 of these to use in our bed and breakfast (www.BamaBedandBreakfast.com). We purchased the 6-inch mattress, and our guests love them. They are such a better option for extra guests than using an airbed or roll-away. We keep them stored in our basement and set them up as needed. They are quick and easy to take down or set up. While cumbersome to carry downstairs, they are not heavy.

I highly recommend the Spa Sensation mattresses and frames in any size or thickness!
Surprisingly, this mattress has held up very well. OK, so you're comparing this to a $1500 memory foam mattress. I don't have one of those but this is so much better than an $800 spring mattress. I have had back problems for years. I'm not going to lie, they aren't gone, but it's so much better. It's got the perfect amount of "hardness" for me. Things I would suggest if it's too soft, put a board between it and your box spring. Or forego the box spring altogether. I've had no problems either way. When it shows up, you wonder how something so small can end up, but it expanded to the full 8". I remember some people complained about the smell, and there is one. For about 24 hours. Then it's gone. I would totally buy another one of these when the time comes.
We read the reviews and saw the issues about the mattress not reaching full size. We thankfully did not have that issue but prior to purchase we called the manufacturer and found out if the Mattress does nor reach full size in the designated time they would send you a replacement. So we bought it. It reached the full 8" in about 24 hrs. Yes there is a smell but the box and directions tell you this so do not be surprised it goes away after a few days. The mattress is great. Two adults average size and randomly children under 4 sleep on this Bed no problem. We love it. It's firm but the memory foam forms to your shape and returns to normal when you get up. If your looking for a Bed to be just like a temperpedic (we had one) without the price this is not it. I found the temperpedic to be way to firm and then after use the top to turn to jelly it was annoying. Love this Bed though.
Okay, it arrives in a box. I mean, in a box that you'd think would never hold a mattress of ANY size.

You actually have to cut it out of a bag. And pay attention while you're doing it or you'll carve up your foam mattress. Once you do get it out of the bag and then rolled out... it starts swelling up so fast you'll think it's gonna eat your house. Once it sits for a while, you can see that it grows substantially.

I just hope sleeping on it grows substantially on ME. It wraps itself around you. I mean, you sink into it until you start feeling like you've fallen into a womb. If you're a "warm" sleeper, you're gonna wake up in a pool of sweat. I'm not kidding. I thought I might drown. But, after a few days (and the additional of a $100 gel topper) it's kinda growing on me after all. My back doesn't hurt when I get up anymore. My little one throws him self into it and actually sighs with delight as he squirms down into it. Time will tell... So far, so good.
I had bought a memory foam pillow which was wonderful to sleep on so I thought that getting a foam memory mattress would be a good idea as I sometimes wake up with back aches and all the reviews were saying how wonderful that type of mattresses is. Reviews for this mattress are great but it did not work for me. First it never fully expended to 8 inches and barely made it to 7 inches. It is very firm, which was fine with me. The first night I slept through the night on it, however the next two nights I kept having nightmares and waking up sweating every couple hours. The fourth night in the middle of the night I just moved back to my old mattress I had kept in another room, because even though it was very cold in my room I felt like the parts of my body touching the mattress were burning. I took the mattress back to the store in my SUV, and they were very helpful with the return as they helped me carry it from my car to the store. If you have trouble sleeping when it's hot I recommend staying away from memory foam which absorbs the body heat and retains it.
I debated between this mattress and a regular spring mattress. I chose memory foam because of the reduction of pain, soothing pressure points, and natural comfort. I got none of this from this mattress, quite the opposite actually- increased body and joint pain, numbness, and discomfort! I read some reviews that reported its firmness being too hard, but I figured those were just the outliers since the other reviews were good. I will consider ALL reviews next time.

I've slept on comfortable firm mattresses before, both memory foam and regular, but I don't like sleeping on what feels like an office bench! I was using an air mattress on the floor and it was actually comfy with feather bed on top (but my dog busted it). Going from that floaty feeling to this hard mattress- I'd rather sleep on the floor! I can barely feel the memory foam sink under my body, and where it does it makes my body feel very uncomfortable like the bed is lumpy. I toss and turn all night, my arms go numb, and my back hurts in the morning- and I don't even have back problems! I wish I had just replace my air mattress and saved $200 bucks!

The only good thing is that this bed came compressed and was easy to get into my bedroom and onto the Spa Sensations Smart Base bed frame (which I do highly recommend). Unfortunately it does not decompress again so how to return it creates another issues. Its either going back to the factory or I have to spend another $100 bucks on a nice feather bed pillow topper. What a waste!
Followed the instructions to the letter, said may rake up to 48 hr
To reach full size, it has been 2 weeks and it is still compressed
On corners, only 6'' not 8" as advertised.
mattress was labeled to be "firm". the mattress is hardly that...the middle of the mattress caves in and it much softer then the border of the mattress, causing me to sink towards the middle of the mattress during sleep getting stuck in a little pocket. do not buy this product.
Bought this based on the good reviews, but was very disappointed. Waited 3 days before using it to let it expand fully and the smell to go away. This mattress is pretty hard, bothered my back and I did not sleep well. The chemical smell NEVER went away in the two weeks I slept (or didn't sleep) on it. I finally folded it in half, wrapped shrink wrap around it, loaded it in my vehicle and took it back. The best thing I can say is Walmart took it back no problem. Basically, the lessons learned here are, you get what you pay for, and don't trust online reviews.
I just cannot get accustomed to this memory foam bed. It is too soft, and my shoulder and back are sore every morning I get up. But the price is cheap.
Not really happy with the mattress it's not confortable looks good but then when you lay down it warped I was higher than my husband he has had back ache since we got it and we can't return can't fit it in the box so it's seems more trouble to return. I would not recommend it.
Didn't expand, even after a week of waiting. The corners expanded to maybe 3 inches, the middle of the mattress expanded to between 4 and 6 inches. Thus, very thin and uncomfortable. Ended up just using it as a mattress topper, and $200 is too much to pay for a mattress topper.
the underlying foam is not firm and your body would sink into the bed but not evenly. Your body would not be leveled since your heavier parts of body will sink more. I think, memory foam mattresses should have firm under layer to avoid this problem. The density of under layer foam is, which indicates the firmness is not as high as some other brands.
You cannot change your position easily. However, I think this is a general problem with all memory foam mattresses.
This is a great mattress! You can not beat the deal or quality for the price. We had bought two of them previously for our two teenage daughters and they love them, so we got one for ourselves. Do not make the mistake of getting the 12" mattress...it was way too firm...felt like laying on a rock. This 8" inch one is perfect. When you bring it home, it will come in a vacuum sealed bag, cut open the plastic and let it air out. Give it a week before you take it in to your bed. You won't regret buying this mattress.
Best sleep I've ever had. This mattress is so comfortable. I love it. Took only a few hours to expand and there was no odor. I love it
We bought this as our first bed in our new apartment. We haven't gotten a platform for it yet, so for now it is on the floor. However, we love it! It is comfortable, yet firm/supportive enough for our backs. It took a few days for it to get to its full size as well as have the odor dissipate. However, the odor was not overpowering. We have slept so well on this mattress. I definitely recommend it.
This mattress is awesome. It is very comfortable and it stops you from waking up frequently in the night to shift (because you don't get uncomfortable!)
I had one previously and I moved a very long distance; I decided to leave the mattress with my mother who put it on her mad. Now I'm ordering one for me because I love it!!!
My mom also finds it extremely comfortable. Her only complaint is that she doesn't move much in the night so when she wakes her neck is sore.

I was really worried that I would get overly hot when I got this mattress. I was not- this bed did not make me hot.

Are you wondering if 8" is enough? I'm a very overweight person and I slept with this mattress on a carpeted floor and will tell you that I'm not bothering to pay the extra for a 10" because the 8" was perfect.
Very comfortable, better than the 12" foam mattress that I replaced. No more back aches or sore spots from sleeping on my side, I love it. It also has a five year warranty.
The mattress was a lot lighter than expected and got to full size in just a few hours. At first it felt like it was going to be way to hard, but after just a few seconds of laying on it I found that there was no pressure points even though you do not settle very far into the mattress. It is the most comfortable mattress that I have ever been on!!!
After reading a lot of reviews, mattress comparison articles, and visiting 4 different mattress stores, I decided to go with this mattress because of those reviews and price. And I would have to say I am a little disappointed on what I got, but I guess you get what you paid for.

For the most part a lot of the reviews I read were positive ones (on Walmart.com) saying that this bed is worth every penny. I also, however, did read some of the negative reviews so I could get both sides of the spectrum. And basically, I guess I was part of that unlucky 15% to receive the bed that did not inflate to 8" (maxed out at roughly below 6.5"). This was kind of upsetting because if I wanted a 6" mattress, I could have just purchased the 6" version for a cheaper price. But after reading a lot of mattress articles, I had come to learn that an average adult should be sleeping on a 8" or higher mattress (I am 5'10" weighing about 145lbs). I also have to agree to those who had claimed this bed is not meant for side sleepers, even though I read an online article that said differently.

I did follow all the steps that were attached. Opened the box on a flat surface (my bed frame with the foundation) and let the mattress expand for 48 hours (slept on the floor for two nights cause I had to throw my old mattress away the day the new one came in). When I first opened it, by the first hour or so it expanded to exactly to 6" and then stopped. After the 48 hours, it slowly inched a couple more inches and halted at around 6.4-5".

I was really looking forward to sleeping on it that first night (after the 48 hours) because I thought anything could beat sleeping on the floor, but when I woke the next morning my neck and shoulders hurt (I am a side sleeper). I've had the mattress for about a week now and I am still waking up with some minor pains. The only positive things I can say about this mattress is that it comes in a nice clean packaging (in and out of the box), it's great to sit on, and it's definitely budget friendly. Overall though, it was not what I was expecting.
We recently purchase the product on line as a replacement mattress in our travel trailer. Shipping was great and as promised. Opened it up as recommended and it pop up with no smell. It toke about an hour to reach the normal thickness.The only disapointment is that it has integrated coil spring in the lower layer, i expected it to be totally foamed. DID I GET WHAT I HAVE ORDERED??
Also, how can coil springs be rolled up and not be dammaged. I am also afraid that with time the steel springs will dammage the foam. The edge is very soft if you sit on the side of the bed. There is no mention about springs in the information facts. This situation should be corrected. Up to now we are satisfied. Time will tell. ( 1 week)
After reading many great reviews on this mattress, I bought it to put on a mattress bed as a cheap option moving into my first apartment. Eight inches makes for a pretty tiny mattress, but I suppose I knew how big or small it was. I slept on it for two nights and woke up with pain in my lower back that endured all day. After the second night, I decided I'd had enough and I went to get a box spring and a real mattress -- back pain solved. One consideration is that perhaps this would work better on top of a box spring. I can't say whether or not it would, but DO NOT buy this to put it on a platform bed. It is NOT a good mattress for this purpose. You'd be better off with an air bed. Instead of trying to go cheaply like I did, just invest in a good mattress the first time so you don't have to go and buy a second one.
It did not open up to be 8" even after three days.Sitting on it I can feel the bed frame.I want to return it but not sure how I would fold it back.
This mattress was easy to transport to my daughter's apt. because it comes rolled in a box. You then let it fill out after it is unrolled and set on a frame. It never filled out and had absolutely no support. She had to replace it , after 4 months of lack of sleep and backaches. It was so difficult to get back out of the apt. because it was a heavy bag of squashy mush. The sides sagged,the center sagged and you couldn't sit even on the side of of it without sliding off. My daughter weighs 105 pounds. A waste of hard earned money!
This mattress was said to be firm but was way to soft for me. I bought the 8 inch thick mattress and with me being 250lbs this mattress bottomed out. I have had a "Memory Foam" mattress for about 8 years now which I got at walmart but I can't find the same one I bought 8 years ago and thought I would give this one a try. Needless to said I return this one to buy the Signature Sleep Memoir - 8" Memory Foam Mattress which other review said it was soft but hard as a rock, now that sounds more like it for me, for a FIRM mattress.
Arrived earlier than expected. Mattress opened to full size in less than an hour and the very mild chemical smell was gone within a few hours. Firm and comfortable to sleep on. I would definitely recommend it.
(Is what my husband said). We purchased a VERY EXPENSIVE mattress from Bassett Furniture, and after 3-years of use & flipping it, it turned out to be real piece of junk (very uncomfortable & started to sink in the center -what the heck!? we aren't even big people!-)

After doing alot of research we decided that a "Memory Foam" mattress was the way to go, but expensive!! I always check walmart.com 1st before making any large-ticket purchases, and sure-enough they had memory foam mattresses -FOR WAY CHEAP- My husband & I read many of the reviews, and decided that this mattress was a "no-nonsense", "does what it says" product. Along with free shipping to our local store & easy return policy (if we didn't like it), we decided to purchased it.

The mattress came rolled up in a box & was easy to transport in our nissan truck. Unpacking the mattress from the box was super-easy, and after 3-days of letting it air out & expand, it was ready for use. We have been sleeping on this mattress for 6-weeks now & we absolutely love it! It is firm, but not like a rock. It forms to your body without a sinking-feeling.

You will not regret purchasing this mattress one bit! The value is phenomenal ($216.41 incl. tax & shipping for a queen size!) In my opinion This mattress absolutely rivals & exceeds some of it's other "well known" competitors. Well done, walmart.com well done! This is the best mattress ever!
I purchased two Spa Sensation 8" Memory Foam twin size mattresses for bunk beds. The mattresses arrived on time and in boxes small enough that both fit in my back seat. The mattresses are vacuum sealed and folded, so they are easily transported. After breaking the seal, the mattresses plumped up to size immediately. There were instructions to allow the mattresses to air out for a day or so before using, which is necessary as there is a very slight odor that does go away with the airing out. As far as comfort ... A++++. Highly recommend. I want one. My husband and I have a king size Tempurpedic. We find ourselves struggling with how much we spent on our mattress now that we have these for the bargain price of $189. If you are wondering...Stop! Get one, you won't be sorry.
Thanks so much to everyone who took the time to write a review!!! We tried it and we love it!!
My husband has had to 2 back operations. We bought our last mattress about 8 years ago and it was really starting to sag. His back really started hurting again We live on a very tight budget so after reading about 50 reviews we decided to try it!! First night we both slept really well!!PTL!!
Thank YOU WALMART & SPA SENSATIONS!!!
Extremely comfortable! I have severe back pain from a bad car accident years ago and sleeping on this mattress let me wake up pain free for the first time in over a year!
After a few months if sleeping on an air mattress it came time to get an actual bed. I didn't have a lot of money and spring mattresses don't help my hip that I injured not too long ago.

I bought this being pessimistic. I received it yesterday, unpacked it and let it 'rest'. I also got the 4 inch foam topper from Spa Sensations as well. All I can say was WOW. It does have a smell but honestly, it didn't bother me because I slept so great! Once you get it forms to you and you just relax! Granted I had the 4 inch foam top, but still even the 8 inch I used for a base offered great support for my hip and knees.
It is true what everyone says, don't expect the mattress to feel like those $4,000+ memory foam mattresses. The mattress is a bit stiff, and unforgiving, but really, you get what you pay for.

The people giving this mattress less than 3 stars, are just people who expect premium quality, for a ridiculously cheap price. Lets face it, their expectations were doomed from the start.

If you are used to a very plush, soft feeling, and don't like a firm mattress, don't get this. But if you like a firm mattress, then you wont be disappointed. I'm no light person either, I weigh about 225, and it supports me just fine.

Also, it might not hurt to buy a nice foam topper if you want something to immediately sink in when you lay down.

Overall I'm very pleased with my purchase, and it was shipped to my house extremely quick.
I bought 2 of these in the same size, picked up at same time. One mattress is significantly softer than the other. It was bought for guests and they noticed this first.

Just to verify, my wife and I tried this to confirm and it is true. While she cannot stand the firmer one, I am OK. The beds rest directly on hardwood floors.

Now, I was considering buying a King due to the low price, but it's a crapshoot what firmness I may get, so have held off on the purchase. Therefore, QA is poor on this product. Yes, Walmart has its 90 day return, but unless you have a SUV or minivan lugging it back to the store will be difficult.

The odor was not noticeable to me after a few hours.
This is NOT like the memory foam mattresses you see on the commercials! You do not sink down into it! It is really hard/firm. Not what i thought it would be. And it SMELLS sooo bad! We have had it a couple of weeks and it still stinks!
I bought the 8 inch mattress, came in a box, opened it and spread it out, but did not expand to its full even after 4 days and it feels soft like a spring mattress and the major problem is, I do not know how will I be able to fold it back to its original packing and give it back. Seems impossible.
Not sure if I received the wrong mattress, but I ordered FIRM and the mattress was too SOFT. I returned it back to store and got different brand.
Memory foam mattress does not fluff up to the 8inches its supposed to be. Very dissatisfied but decided to keep it. My son has always wanted one and I didn't have the heart to send it back. Or wrestle with it to take it back! Rethink the packing!!
I thought it would be softer and less firm. Me and my husband let it sit for three days becuase of the fact that it felt like it wasnt getting softer but after the three days its still hard and uncomfotable.
Looks good in photos and once out of the box. Did not come to full thickness even after 1 week. Incredibly hard, completely uncomfortable. Caused my husband back pain. Would not recommend this at all.
I was in the market for a king size mattress after the sticker shock for mattresses I decided to check out Walmart. I came across the Spa memory foam mattress it had mixed reviews but the price was so cheap I figured if it did not work out I could put it in the spare bedroom and keep my old bed. The mattress came 3 days earlier than expected. (The box was pretty small for a king size bed) I decided to build a bed frame since I was not using a box spring and did not want to buy the metal frame. Anyway I had the frame built in a few hours put on a bed skirt and was ready to pull the mattress out of the box. I decided to read the directions since some of the reviews said the mattress did not evenly expand. I followed the directions to a tee and set the mattress on the frame, there was a slight smell but no big deal. I went upstairs a few hours later and the mattress was 6 inches, I was a bit worried but it does say 48 hours. The next day I measured the bed and it was a solid 7 and 3/4 inches so I was happy, I was gonna sleep in it but my wife made me wait the 48 hours. Well I was finally ready for my first night sleep, I was shocked the bed was so comfortable I fell right asleep, and my wife who complains about everything said that she had a great night sleep. I have only had it for a month but I can tell you it is one of the best mattress I have ever slept on. Don't let the small price fool you, that being said it only has a 5 year warranty but at the price I can buy a new one every 5 years and still be thousands of dollars ahead than buying a name brand bed at 5k I never write reviews but I felt I had to because I am so happy. Remember I followed the instructions did not rush it and the mattress did do what it said it would do. Good Luck!
the only problem i had with the mattress was the smell after you first remove it from the plastic. it takes a few days to air out... but it is well worth it. it has really helped my back pain. i work in a factory on concrete 50+ hrs a week and i am so happy to be able to rest without a spring stabbing me in my back or side. no more inner-spring mattresses for me. :)
I just ordered this mattress for my toddler who is graduating from a toddler bed (because memory foam lasts longer than spring mattresses) and it is amazing! It said it would take a week to get here but it got here in 3 days! It inflated as soon as we opened the package and it was already 8 inches ten minutes later! It is extremely comfortable, and as a bonus she can't really jump on it because its not bouncy like a spring mattress. We are very satisfied with this mattress! Thinking about getting another one for our 6 year old that has a newer pillow top mattress. Love it!
I originally purchased the bed as a guest bed. My guests stayed one night and loved it! It was so comfortable that they are ordering one! Since it got such a good review and my husband and I needed a new mattress, we swapped it out with our old mattress. So far I must say it's great. I have lower back problems and I don't wake up with back pain. I don't know how long it will last, but even if it's for a short time, I believe it's worth it because of the the price. I have been looking at memory foam mattresses for some time and they are very expensive. I have to agree with others that it doesn't reach the 8" mark, more like 7" and there is a slight smell but we are used to it. I would love to see the reviews for those that who have had it for a year or more-this is will be the true test of durability!
Comfortable mattress for a cheap price. The mattress comes compressed and is not very heavy, so site-to-store works perfect.

I've never had a memory foam mattress before, so can't compare with other memory foam mattresses, but this mattress is very comfortable. It's like the best of both worlds -- soft and firm. I was worried previously that since memory foam would sink in and contour your body that it would be too soft, but that's not the case. You do sink in a little bit, especially if you sit on the mattress; yet when you lie on it, it provides enough support. I normally like a firmer mattress, and I think this meets my expectations in the aspect of support.

One thing I didn't like very much is the cover. The mattress is basically three layers of foam covered in a very flimsy cover. I would have to say that it looks pretty cheap. However, for the price and the comfort, I guess I can't complain too much. Plus, with a mattress cover and sheets, no one will actually see the mattress itself.
I got this Mattress based on all the good reviews because I was waking up with body aches with my old mattress. Good bye body aches! I have had this mattress for about a month, free of body aches. It is quite firm, but still comfy. I am very satisfied. Some other reviews complained of the mattress not being the full 8 inches, however, my mattress is in fact 8 inches.
I bought this more expensivel 8" Memory Foam Mattress because it was billed as being more firm and spa like with a picture showing a sleeper making very little indendation in it. As the person I bought it for suffers from a back injury and requires a very firm mattress I was extrememly diappointed in this one as it is not at all firm.
This matress is a bit firmer than what I normally like but not as hard as a rock as some of these reviews exaggerate it as being. It has a zippered cover which is a plus. The smell went away within a couple of weeks. This matress is a good deal for a couple hundred bucks. By no means is it comparable to the Tempur Pedic matresses, by far. If you'd like to get a decent matress for the RV or camping, etc., then this would be a decent buy. I wouldn't reccommend this matress for your normal night slumber.
If I loved this mattress any more it would be illegal in some states. I'm writing this review from bed, you see. I spent the last four nights driving to my new home, where this mattress was waiting for me. My back was already killing me when I realized I would have to spend one night on the hard wood floor in a sleeping bag. All the stronger was my determination to obtain and assemble my bed including this mattress. Now, a day later, I lie in that bad, laughing with delight, and my back is pain free for the first time in five days. If I could carpet the floor with these and just roll around on them all day, I would do it and feel sorry for the rest of the world for not being able to roll around on my memory foam carpet with me.
My wife and I were sleeping on a California King size waterbed, which has a back support system inside and no matter what we did, we could never get comfortable on it.....so, we weren't really sleeping in it much over the last year.......when we moved into our new place we wanted something new and look at this mattress and got it.

It arrived early, but we had no bed-frame to put it on, so it remained rolled up until our platform frame arrived.

The mattress was easy to unroll and once the outer plastic was removed, started expanding. It reached it's full 8" in no time and we slept on it that very night.

It's very comfortable, warm enough for my wife and cool enough for me and we don't feel the other move around......all in all a great value for the price.
about 1 year ago i brought the spa sensation 12" memory foam mattress for my bed and i love it. I will never buy any other kind of mattress again after sleeping on this type of mattress. it keeps its shape, no dips. i am a heavy person and my other mattress i have brought in the past i had to get reid of due to having a perma dip where we sleep. my daughter just brought her first home and she wanted a new mattress, so i wanted to get one for her as a house warming gift, but she said no to wanting the 12" memory foam mattress, only due to her thinking it would be too much mattress for her bed making it way to high LOL. so she went with this 8" memory foam mattress. she loves it but, for a little more money the 12" is way better only cause it does make your bed set up higher. but all and all this 8" spa sensation memory foam mattress is just as awsome. down the road my daughter plans on buying a platform bed and this mattress will be just the mattress for the bed no box springs needed.. :-)
I read some of the negative reviews just to see what people were complaining about. I can honestly say that this mattress is really great for the price. I'm considering buying another one for my daughter. It's so comfortable, l am very well rested in the morning. Great buy!!!
Walmart shipped this to me in Afghanistan. Govt provided matresses are basically boxsprings. This is a total life save and am telling everyone to order this from Walmart.com.
Wow. I love this bed. I had purchased one years ago from Walmart. I don't remember the brand name. Maybe it was the same as this. But the previous one I had had 2 layers, not three like this one. I only got rid of the old one because my dog got sick all over it. If not for that, I would still have the old one because it is durable. I have back problems and found that sleeping on a mattress with springs just didn't work out for me. This bed is FANTASTIC, and just a FRACTION of the price of a Tempurpedic. I would DEFINITELY recommend this bed to ANYONE. It is so comfortable. I LOVE it.
Everything the good reviews told is true. I sleep like a baby, on this mattress. Never would imagine so much comfort for such price. This proofs wrong the theory that everything cheap is bad.
Why spend more? If you don't believe me, read the reviews that have more details. I am putting my review, as paying forward, because I am an avid review reader and believer on people's opinion... Always use your own sense, because people have expectations, and one cannot always please everybody.... If you need to, go to a store, and try for yourself the same type of product. But you probably will pay a lot less on Walmart.com. Also, I ordered with standard free shipping, and came in less than 3 days, to my doorstep. Place your box nearest the bed as possible, to make it easier to handle the mattress and place on the bed frame or box spring immediately. Follow all the instructions you read.
Enjoy! :)
This is our second purchase of a Spa Sensations mattress. Purchased a 12" King 8 months ago and now the 8" Twin for a spare bedroom. Excellent mattress - No need to spend thousands - No need to look further.
We bought our California King Spa Sensations 8"Memory Foam mattress 7 years ago. It has lasted this long, but is definitely time for a new one. Was a good value for the money. Now I just have to find out how to dispose of the old one when the new one gets here. Thank you for a great product.
After reading the reviews on this bed we were a little skeptical to purchase but decided to take a chance on one. We needed two for our teenage boys. We bought one, it inflated to 8" within a few hours, but we waited the recommended 48 hours before using. One of the boys slept on it and it was so nice we ordered the second one right away. We had the same results with the second one. The boys say it is the best bed that they have ever slept on. So glad that we bought these.
Bed came in only 1 week, easy to handle, but it took over 3-4 days to get to full 8". A little harder than my old bed, but after a week I'm sleeping better than I ever have. Don't move at all some nights. Would buy another but probably a 12" only because mine is on the floor with a box spring and my nite stand is too high. Also getting in and out of it would be better if bed were a little higher so I may end up getting a frame for it.
We recently purchased this for a vacation home. Its recommended you let it puff up for up to 48 hours, which we did. My husband loves this mattress, I find it to be slightly firm for me, but I still got a great nights sleep on it. I'd definitely recommend this to a friend.
I purchased this mattress reluctantly after reading the multiple reviews about it not inflating to the right thickness and leaving bad smells. Well, I got it yesterday and when I opened it up, there was a "new" smell. You know how somethings just have a smell when it's brand new.....yeah, that's what it smelled like. The smell was not overpowering, in fact, I only smelled it because I TRIED to smell it. Once I cut the plastic the get the mattress out, it instantly started to inflate. I left it alone and check on it this morning and it's at full thickness and its is extremely comfortable and cool. I'm not sure if this is a feature or not, but when I lay on it, I feel a "cooling" sensation. But either way, it's a great mattress. I love it!
I ordered this not knowing what memory foam was. It came in a huge bag, all rolled up and only about 2" thick! I was TERRIFIED! I followed the instructions and within 48 hours I had a firm, and very comfortable California King mattress that fit PERFECTLY in my waterbed frame. It is a firm mattress, so don't expect fluff! No kids jumping on this bed, because evidently memory foam has no bounce. I have to say slept better on it in the last 2 weeks than I did on my inner spring mattress all year!
Let me begin by saying, my expectations were not that this would rival my Tempurpedic at home, and for 200.00 for a queen size mattress for my motorhome, I did not expect it to be anywhere near the same. But since I spend more of the year in my motorhome than at home, and depend on my motorhome to provide me a home away from home, I was looking for a step up from a succession of fair to good airbeds. This mattress expanded quickly to the promised size, was easy to install in my motorhome with no help, and wow, when I added my 3 inch memory foam topper to it, it has more than met my expectations. A good value!
This mattress is great for small people, but my husband is a big man (6 ft 2 in. 285 lbs) and he doesn't feel it's as comfortable for him as it is for me (I am only 110 lbs. 5 ft 1 and 1/2 in.). I hoped it would keep me from falling in toward him, but it has only done than slightly. I am still leaning in toward him, but not falling into his dent. I can at least sleep with him again, and since we'll never be able to afford a completely new thick foam mattress with coil springs support, this mattress is our best alternative for a low cost. I would suggest using a body pillow to keep you from leaning, if you have the same size difference as we do.
Purchased this Spa Sensations 8" Memory Foam Mattress (full) led by 2.5k+ positive reviews. Decided to disregard negative mixed opinions about its firmness.

It arrived within a week, did expand to about 8" over a weekend, does not smell, and looks ok.

I am severely disappointed with its comfort - I have it on a platform bed, but it is too soft. I immediately sink into it. I expected it to be much firmer, as stated in Q&A.

Now, the best part! There is only a thin layer (~2") of memory foam over a thicker layer of regular polyurethane foam. It's NOT a memory foam mattress. There's only the memory foam topper!
Got a defective one. Cut open plastic. Nothing happened.waited 2weeks never expanded past 6 ".
We ordered the 8" bed. After a week it was only up to an average of 5 1/2". Some areas were less, the highest was 6". The mattress arrived in a box - as do most if not all memory mattresses. The half fold mark did not come out - the corners did not rise out all the way. When I sat on the bed - I hit "bottom". The manufacture date on this was 4/2012. We received it in December 2012. Maybe it sat in the box too long? In any case, Walmart was great about the return. "Place it back in the original packing".......yeah right. LOL We were able to SQUISH, PUSH, STUFF wrap in shrink wrap and duct tape it into two Wardrobe moving boxes on top of each other and shipped it back. Walmart picked up the shipping. Maybe I could have taken it to the store?
I am not satisfied with this mattress. It is not an 8inch matress like it says it is. It is not firm like I thought it would be. I have an 8-inch in my camper and I really notice a difference when sleeping on that one.
we had bought the same mattress in a full size a couple yrs ago, it seemed too firm at first, but now it's a very comfortable mattress.
so, we decided to order the mattress in queen size for guest room, no bueno. I'm not sure why it's so different, but it's had to sleep on..way too soft. bummer, i really like the one we got 2yrs ago.
This mattress is way too soft. I figured since there were so many complaints of being too firm that this was the one for me.I have tried everything.Different box spring, plywood under the mattress and it still sags. I wake up aching.I am 6 2" 230lbs.The bottom layer has firmer foam so I flipped it over and sleep with it that way.It is slighly better but no major improvement.Stay away from this. I am now going to try and offload this on ******list after going to a mattress store and testing a mattress before I buy
My husband and I bought this mattress a few months ago based on the glowing reviews. All I can say is, thank goodness for Wal Mart's liberal return policy.

Like others mentioned, there was a strong chemical smell when the mattress was first opened. We let it sit for a few hours to 'inflate' like the instructions suggested. We had to keep all the windows in the house open as the mattress plumped up as the smell was getting overwhelming. *Note: If you're in a climate where temperatures drop to the 20s and 30s, don't buy this in the winter.

After sleeping on this mattress for two weeks we noticed a few things. First, this mattress is NOT firm AT ALL. My husband is 5"10 and 135lbs, I'm 5"5 and 130lbs. In my opinion we're pretty average sized people. The first night was fine, but after a few nights we both noticed that we would sink so deeply into the mattress that we could both feel the box spring. Second, whatever memory foam material Wal mart is using becomes uncomfortably warm. During the winter I prefer to sleep with a down comforter, sheets and and extra blanket. By night 3 with this mattress we were both kicking off the covers and waking up covered in sweat.

After two weeks I couldn't take it anymore. I developed lower back pain, and was having difficulty sleeping through the night. My husband ended up visiting the chiropractor because his neck and shoulders were troubling him

This mattress was flimsy, hot, smelly and offered zero support. Thankfully we were able to return this mattress and put the money towards a Bob-O-Pedic (which we still love, 6 months later). The only positive from this experiencew was Wal Mart's liberal return policy.
I have chronic pain from Fibromyalgia and herniated discs in my back. Our regular mattress was very firm and uncomfortable to sleep on and it was only a year old. We had a memory foam mattress a couple of years ago and it was too soft for my husband who likes a firmer mattress to sleep on. I talked him into trying this one out because the price is so low for the king.
I ordered it and had it shipped site to store and it got there in 5 days. Not a bad time frame for shipping at all. Our mattress had no bad smell at all when we opened it. We gave it a full day and night to get back to normal shape. My husband was a little leery about sleeping on it because of the other memory foam mattress we had in the past. This one is firm for a memory foam but we both love it.
We've had it for about 2 weeks and are sleeping better than we have in a long time. I have less back/muscle pain after sleeping on it for a full 8 hours and really don't want to get out of bed. I also think my husband snores less now that we switched to this mattress. For the price you really can't go wrong with this mattress. I would highly recommend this mattress for anyone looking for a firmer memory foam mattress.
We bought this mattress for our three year old who was transitioning to a full-sized bed from her toddler bed. I didn't want to buy a cheap mattress for her, but we also didn't have the cash flow to buy anything fancy. After reading all of the reviews on here for this mattress we decided to try it without seeing it.

The mattress came all rolled up and we just opened it and let it air out and fluff itself up for a day or so before putting it on her bed. We put down a platform of plywood so she didn't have to climb up on a box spring, and the plywood has worked just fine (though we're now in the market for a box spring, she's big enough!). The bed itself is incredibly comfortable and she sleeps like a rock. We've had company stay over and sleep in her bed and they've commented on how comfortable they were.

I'm back here looking at the 6" mattress to replace our sofa bed since it's so uncomfortable and also looking at the king size to replace our bed.
I ordered the twin size Spa Sensations 8" Memory Foam Mattress and while I have only slept on it one night, it was very nice. I am 6' 2" tall and weigh 180 lbs and have plenty of room.

It's VERY COMFORTABLE :-)

What I like about this mattress, is that it's not a super hard memory foam like the major brand out there which can make it difficult to move or turn where you sink and get "locked in".

This mattress is just right, prefect combination of firmness and softness that's right in the middle.

Some people reported a smell in there reviews, but I had no smell what so ever!

I would recommend this to anyone considering it.

It's also quite nice to see the company post their assistance to customers with complaints here.

I love you Spa Sensations!!!
Bought the mattress based on other reviews and its pretty much what I've expected so far. I've only slept on it for about a week but the more I do the more comfortable it gets. Woke up with a sore back the first few days but I figured that was just my transition from a futon to a real mattress. Now I'm having a hard time waking up at all. The bed does retain body heat so a topper may be needed for those who like a cold bed and there is a distinct smell to the mattress but it isn't pungent, or a deterrent to sleeping on it (for me at least). People need to keep in mind the entire bed isn't memory foam. If it was you'd sink 8 inches deep. Maybe that's why some feel like the bed is too firm. I weigh 170 and sink fully into the 2 inches of memory foam there is and you may have to double up on your pillows to give your neck the support it needs due to your head sinking in like I did. Overall, the mattress is a solid 4 stars. The value is great and you can always purchase an aftermarket topper if you need it softer.
it looks nothing like the picture, maybe my expectations were too high i dont know but I did not like it so i returned it. Thank goodness the store did not give me a hard time with the return. i was disappointed with the product though.
When this item arrived I was so happy to open it. When I opened this item it was fully loaded with cockroaches,,,,HUGE ONES. They were all over, inside and outside the mattress..... It was disgusting.....
wow i gotta say this is the best memory foam mattress ever! the price is great and i have sleeping prolems but ive never slept better on this mattress... its not to soft and not to firm and you sleep like a baby on it. i was going to get a temper pudic but that cost alot so i decide to look online for a similar one and come across this one. and i dont regret it one bit... trust me just get it and find out for yourself!! (oh and when it arrived at my house i didnt smell the chemical smell stated in the other reviews)
I read all the reviews before purchasing this bed and was confident I would love this bed. My husband and I do! We brought it home unpacked and were able to sleep on it that night. He no longer wakes me up in the middle of the night with his tossing and turning:)
It took awhile for it to be setup and ready to use. I have had back pain for more than 10 years. I have had this mattress now for almost 2 weeks and found that it was the most comfortable mattress I have ever owned. My back pain is not totally gone, but 1000 times better than it was. I would recommend this mattress to anyone. Well worth the money!!!
This bed is amazing! My boyfriend doesn't last 5 minutes in this bed before falling asleep & he has a horrible back and screws in his hip (from car accident) I have a bad back as well, spend all day on my feet & have sciatica, this bed has made such a difference in my sleep! Well worth every penny & more!
We have had our mattress about 2 weeks and my husband has never snored louder!! He has recurrent back problems and no complaints since we got the mattress. He is sound asleep and refreshed. There was only a hint of the smell as with any new product not a horrific odor as others mentioned. It is firm when you first lay down but then forms around you. It is warm and cozy. We are larger persons with a California King bed and the mattress fit as well as our Serta. A great buy!
I bought this mattress a month ago and love it. I had read previous reviews and thought for the price I couldn't go wrong. I was right, it is so comfortable and I don't think I am missing out with buying the 8" and not the 12". The 8" is thick enough. I did not have the smell that some people have talked about. It does come in a small package compared to what it turns out to be. Definitly put it where it is going to be because it is hard to move. I don't think you would be dissapointed. Very comfortable and all around great mattress.
I bought two of these, one for each of my adult children. My son is 22 and my daughter is 21. They both tell people it is a tempurpedic and even those friends who have one cannot tell the difference. I am renting my daughter's room next month and she insists on taking it with her. I am buying another one for the new renter.
I just wish I hadn't bought myself a $2100 bed a year ago:(
This bed is perfect . Me and my boyfriend bought this size queen and it's so comfortable . We've had it about 2 weeks with no problems . When we opened the box and took it out of the plastic it filled out immediately I didn't experience any smell and we slept on it that night . Were both large and still have no problem :)
I was a little worried this mattress would be to firm. The truth is that it feels firm but its different. It supports you body very well and as you fall asleep your body slowly sinks in a little. The mattress does not swallow you but contours to your body. If you are you of those people that have to wake up early in the morning, you might reconsider buying this bed because you will not want to get up in the morning because you are so comfortable. I sleep in this bed with my 17 month old son. He had been waking up at least once a night in our old bed. But now he sleeps through the night with out interruption. I love this bed. I ordered this bed site to store on monday the 20th and it estimated the range of dates of delivery to store wednesday the 29th of September to October the 3rd. It arrived at the store on the 24th of September. It was so fast I thought there was a mistake when fed ex emailed me to say it had arrived. You will not be surprised that the bed does have an oder like wet paint. Hence the four stars for features but I took advantage of the smell and painted my room as to keep the length of smell to a minimum. I did not sleep on the bed until monday night because I left to go to the keys which gave it plenty of time to air out and puff up. It barely smells any more. Bottom line BUY THIS BED!!!!!
I searched so many different name brand mattresses and could not find a mattress this comfortable for this price. It's not firm, it's medium/soft. It feels so comfortable to lay on, it's like a little piece of heaven. The foam smell was not bad at all and went away really quickly. The actual mattress expanded to only 7'' but still well worth the price!
If you don't have the money for the big name memory foam mattress try this one! You can't beat it for the price! I got delivery within 2 days, well before the estimated time. My mattress FULLY inflated to the 8 inches and had no lumps or bumps. I bought a platform bed which the mattress fits fine, but I did decide to buy an additional topper, not for comfort only to add some height to the bed for personal tastes. I did sleep on the mattress itself for several nights before buying the topper and had the best sleep ever! I would and have recommended this bed to everyone!
I chose to buy this mattress for a guest room after my son recommended it. I did add a feather bed to the top for extra comfort, but it seems very comfortable. I purchased this mattress after sleeping on my son's mattress on a recent visit. I was very pleased with the comfort of it especially for the cost. I highly recommend it.
I was looking for a memory foam mattress that was reasonable priced. I picked this one because it had great reviews and so glad I did! It is not to firm or soft, did not have a smell to me and the mattress measured the full 8in. all the way around. It also came quick. I'm very happy with this purchase!
I bought this mattress to see if it would help improve my sleep and lessen my extremities falling asleep during the night. I was not disappointed. Added bonus was it arrived almost a week earlier than what I was told when I placed the order.
It expanded to the right height overnight. Has no smell that I notice and very comfortable. Delivery was right and overall couldn't be happier.
***The mattress I just purchased (from WalMart.com), is my adult son's birthday present this year, for his own bed, and he absolutely LOVES it. He says it's the exact same mattress as the one at my house. ***
A similar mattress was purchased (from Sams Club) in March 2012, when I had to quickly add a bed in my sewing room for my adult son because my home is closer to the hospital. He was about to begin aggressive chemo after finding a swollen gland in his neck which turned out to be Hodgkins. He is now in remission.
My son loves that mattress. He said it was a lifesaver when every cell in his body seemed to be screaming. He knew that once he fell asleep, his body would get good rest. There were many times that he chose to come to my house because the mattress is so comfortable. It provides good support and is soft at the same time and did not cause him additional perspiration.
Both mattresses are on a foundation (platform beds).
For four years I slept on a "cement slab". I decided to take a chance on this roll back. Boy, am I ever glad I did. Didn't take the full 24 hours to open to full size. Was able to sleep on it the first night. And seems thicker than the 8" I ordered. I have back problems, and it helps. Have been having peaceful nights sleep ever since. Only downfall I've found is I tend to be hot occasionally. Still, overall 5 star rating. Don't let the cheap price fool you. Well worth it. Take the chance. You won't be.disappointed.
It was very interesting watching this mattress unfold out of the box into an 8" mattress. It smelled a bit but after airing out...it was fine. Best nights sleep in a long time. It is a little strange to sink down when sitting on the edge of the bed but it goes back up so it's ok. It's a memory foam thing.
Bought this mattress along with 4"topper as many reviews had said this was too hard (not firm) -- however returned topper as this firm mattress is very supportive but doesn't feel hard to this old body. Not too difficult to set up single-handedly but would be easier with 2 people working together.
I believe to have a more fluff on the memory foam bed you should get a thicker one because this felt firmer (like a flat feel to it) than those I've seen at other dept stores but it has done the trick, no more tossing and turning and no more body aches. Worth what we paid for, however, just a reminder that you must let it (without forcing it) uncurl from the shape of the box it comes in and place on a flat surface and needs it 48 hrs for it to rise to the 8" thickness.
I am a young professional, and have moved around a lot in the last few years. I needed a nice mattress for a small amount of money, but this one exceeded all of my expectations. For $300 I got the mattress and the frame, and let me tell you it is so nice, all of my friends want to buy one for themselves. If you're debating between thickness, I would say the thicker the better, I wouldn't go less than 8", but I guess thats a personal choice
This is my second one and I love it. The mattress takes some getting use to, but give it a chance and you will never go back to a spring mattress again.
I ordered this memory foam mattress online because of all the great reviews. I must join them. I bought a California King mattress which somehow is about 2 inches longer than my boxsprings, but no big deal. I was told it could be put on top of my old mattress and boxsprings, however I don't recommend it. We tried it on the hard floor the 1st night and that was better than on top of the old mattress. My wife says her back ache is gone and I sleep like a baby. It was hard to get up after the 1st night because it was so comfortable. I am going to get another mattress for the spare bedroom. Good price, good quality, good nights sleep.
I was wondering how this big California king mattress was going to be delivered by wal mart to my front door apartment. I was further worried about how I was going to get it inside and exchanged with my old mattress. It was super easy, it came in a box about a foot and a half by a foot and a half by about three and a half feet tall, you would never think a king mattress would be in there.
The only thing is you have to take it out of the box and unfold it and let set alone off the bed not using it for 48 hours while it returns back to normal size. I was also worried about the firmness of the mattress that fit in that little box but it firmed up really well and it's Excellent for my back. I have a very hard time telling it apart from the really expensive mattresses and the good price wal mart offered for this one.
Perfect for a college apartment! Easy to assemble. Extremely comfortable.
I was not sure about this products because of the reviews, but I was lucky, in less than 24 hrs. it reached the 8". I strongly recommended this product.
Most of my past 20 years has been living in Japan. There, the futon (which was not the American version, but a thick cushion of sorts which laid upon the floor) was very comfortable. It was even more comfortable when I added an air mattress. After evacuating from Japan, sadly, I bought another air mattress, but the quality was most inferior to the ones in Japan, so I ended up spending more time sleeping on a very soft, almost squishy sofa. It was not comfortable as I would end up in more backaches and poor sleep.

When I got this mattress, it was spectacular in its quality of firmness and comfort. I have only had it for three days, but it is magnificent! I recommend it most highly!
I don't normally write reviews like these, but because I have been sleeping like the dead ever since I bought this, I just had to voice my opinion like everyone else.

I recently bought a new full bed and wanted a memory foam mattress, but what I didn't want to do was break the bank. So after doing my homework and research, I realized how great of a mattress Walmart had at such a low price compared to the average Tempur-Pedic. Normally prefer to try out a mattress before pulling the trigger, but given the plethora of positive reviews, I trusted my instincts and ordered it online. The mattress arrived three days before its predicted delivery date, in a box (I kid you not). I took it out of the bag it came in, let the mattress air out so it could regenerate to its original size, and it was ready to go in a matter of minutes.

I did read a few reviews which complained about the mattress smelling funny and not expanding to 8 inches, but my experience indicated otherwise. Unless I put my nose up to the mattress and took a good whiff, I couldn't notice much (besides, it went away after 3 days). I did however let the mattress sit for 48 hours as directed before actually sleeping on it. That way I could really assess as to whether or not it would expand to 8 inches, which it did.

Now, onto the mattress experience: after sleeping on this for a few weeks, not only can I move around more easily since its a full bed and mattress, but I fall asleep much easier than I ever did on an innerspring and wake up feeling very refreshed. The old innerspring I used to have prior to this made me toss and turn and I often woke up every day as if I was severely hung over, but no longer. Believe it or not, if you go onto this unbiased mattress review website called www.sleeplikethedead.com, you will notice that Spa Sensations is ranked a tad bit higher than Tempur-Pedic, both in price and overall quality. So you know that if you buy one of these, you will be getting a quality memory foam mattress at the best price.

I could go on forever explaining how great of a mattress this is, but you will never know how truly great it is until you try it out yourself. It also comes with a 10 year warranty, and I registered the mattress so if anything happens to it before then, I know that I will be covered. I will update this review if anything happens, but I am doubtful of any incidents. So what are you waiting for? The start to a better sleep and your overall health is here! Get it while its hot!!!
I am not going to verbally bash this mattress. I thought all memory foam matresses were supposed to be fluffy and soft and squishy when you lay on them. I am a 200 lb female, and this mattress doesn't even dent when i lay on it. To the very least it wont wear out to be flat soon [bahaha] but each person is different. I might need a much softer bed whereas some people feel that they need more stiffness to help them. I have an extreme curve in my lower back right above the tail bone. I need to sleep with one or two pillows under my back if i lay on my back or one or two between my knees to keep my back straight while i sleep otherwise when i wake up it hurts so bad to the point where i am in tears. My 12 year old couch is softer than this. :( but like i said to each his own. just thoroughly check to see if you need softer or harder before you buy it because it is stiff as a board. [my floor probably bends with my body better than the bed does]
The mattress never expanded to full 8".
I moved into a small apartment and needed a full size bed, my queen bed wouldn't fit. My living situation is temporary so I didn't want to invest a lot of money into another bed until I move again. I've had this mattress and bed frame for 4 months now. The foam has already permanently flattened on the side where I sleep. I wake up all night long, every night, because it's so uncomfortable and now I'm stuck with it. I used to be a sideways sleeper but this mattress is not comfortable enough to do that anymore, now I have to sleep on my back and I hate it. Was a waste of money. I should have just purchased a full size regular mattress set and put it on the floor or on a hollywood frame. The frame is also very annoying as it has 6 feet instead of 4 and I stub my toes on it continuously, forgetting about that middle support leg on each side.
This Matress is not soft, it is a hard bed that you sink into, and after you sink into it's still rock hard. If you like an extremly firm matress this would be a good one for you. I had read all the reviews, and I have no idea how this is rated so high. if you are looking for a softer bed that is soft and and cuddly this IS NOT THE BED YOU WANT. I go camping alot and this bed is about as firm as sleeping on the ground in a tent. Had the bed for 4 days still did not soften up at all. TAKING IT BACK!
This product does not follow through with it's claims. I regret blowing my money on it. It's very hard and uncomfortable, I put TWO eggshells and a down mattress topper on it and now it's finally tolerable. If you are looking for an extremely firm mattress than get this one, otherwise, keep browsing.
I was so excited to receive this highly touted mattress. After all of the great ratings I could hardly wait to lie on it and get a good night's rest. However, I found that the only difference between sleeping on this and my 7 year old mattress was that the Spa Sensations caused my legs to ache and the foundation to sound squeaky.
First off, we already have one of these queen-sized mattresses, the Canopy version, that we purchased for our camper in 2009. We love that mattress, which is the reason we decided to buy another queen-sized mattress for home. We already know how it should feel and how comfortable it can be. Unfortunately, the Canopy version was not available and was replaced by the Spa Sensations product. With the multitude of positive reviews, we assumed it was an comparable mattress.

As soon as we unpacked this mattress, we realized it was different from our first one. The zip-on cover seemed too small, resulting in the mattress bowing up at the corners. It also seemed much softer, but we thought once it expanded, it would be fine. It already had a 'pit' in the center, but again, we thought it would fill in when completely expanded. It never expanded to the 8" measurement, its more like 6". We waited longer to use it because it didn't seem like it expanded enough, which we thought could be due to colder weather, as these mattresses expand quickly in warm temps.

The first night we slept on it, there was a noticable pit in the center, almost like it was used before. Most of the foam is pushed to the outside edges, so it is difficult to move or roll over. It does not have that supportive feel of our other mattress, it is too soft and mushy, and it doesn't have that same "sinking into the memory foam" feeling. We don't sleep well on it, and wake up sore and achy. After spending a week on our camper mattress, we realize how poorly made this one is.

At this point, we can't return the mattress because we've had it too long. We just kept thinking it would get better. We've wasted $250 on a mattress we know can be comfortable, but this particular one is a bad example. Although we love memory foam from our previous experience, we cannot recommend this Spa Sensations version to anyone.
I bought this full size mattress and have it on my Ikea full size bed with bed slats as a base. I don't think this had anything to do with the fact that I SINK DOWN in this mattress. Yes memory foam is soft and must form to your body.. but this has me sinking halfway down. If I press down I can literally feel the bed base. Sleeping this way I have woken up with terrible back aches and even my legs were achy. Returned ASAP after two nights attempting to sleep. Thought I would try it because of the overall good reviews.. bad idea. I will now be spending double this price to get something decent elsewhere.
I paid for an 8" matress I did receive a 6" matress first felivery, second delivery it is a 7" matress, walmart should review what they are delivering from their warehouse, im not satisfy with the product.
This has been the worst bed I have EVER slept on!!!!!! I have woke up every morning with excruciating back pain. One day it was so bad I could not even stand up! You would be more comfortable sleeping on a floor. Do not listen to the other reviews!!! Could not be more disapointed! This mattress is getting returned tomorrow.
This mattress does not feel like a complete mattress, it is not high like a regula mattress, for me it was a waste of money. I would not recommend this product to anyone!
It's been sent back. Cover even looked dirty. Poor quality.
I loved it. At first i was skeptical of the other reviews but was interested enough to try it for myself and i was blown away at how simple it was to set up and most importantly how comfortable it was. This is a great price considering the obscene prices these beds can run in other stores. Also the shipping and handling was even the cheapest around. All around this is a great bed and a great price and i would but it all over again if i had the chance.
I just bought a king size mattress, it is the best buy ever. I've spent alot of money on other mattress and none of them compare to this. It was a bit confusing determining which side was "up". The 1st 2 nights we slept on the wrong side, the zippered side IS the bottom (it wasn't that uncomfortable tho), but the correct way is much softer! I sleep so much better now. LOVE this mattress. Only problem is I never want to get out of bed!!! Don't waste your money on other brands.
I bought this mattress for my granddaughter before my daughter went out an spent another fortune on another Temporpedic mattress like hers. She hesitated picking it up from site to store because she said she would not be able to pick up a queen sized mattress by herself. I told her the mattress is shipped fully compressed in a comparably small box weighing about 60 lbs, so she went and got it. Then she hesitated to bring it in the house because of the smell. I told her mine aired out in a day and even the initial smell wasn't that bad, so she set it up in my granddaughter's bedroom. The next day when I asked if my granddaughter liked her new bed my daughter admitted to me that she slept on it and liked it more than her King size Temporpedic. I laughed and said "told ya". Great mattress, awesome price. Length of ownership noted in rating is ownership of my mattress, which is why I chose the same one for my granddaughter.
I'm not one to do reviews but this mattress is extremely impressive. I am also not one (other than being extremely tired) to look forward to getting into bed. That has changed.
This is a great mattress for the price. I replaced my spring mattress due to back problems and the first night on this mattress made a huge difference. I awoke with no pain and can now get up out of bed in a hurry. It is a firm mattress for foam but I like the fact that you do not automatically sink into it when you sit or lay down on it. The cover it comes with is quite fine and could possibly tear easy use of a mattress cover hopefully helps.
surprisingly comfortable. Feels just like one of the beds selling for three times the price. Very pleased with it.
We went from an almost new regular mattress to this spa sensations and both sleep much better and I don't toss and turn all night. We are both older and have back and knee and arthritis pain. The memory foam really helps.
My whole family have these mattress, this one was purchased for my son and daughter-in-law. Everyone loves them, no more lower back pain and no more arms that don't work in the morning!
This is the best mattress ever. I will never go back to a regular mattress again. You lie on the bed and you just sink in it, it's awesome
I have been eyeing this mattress online for the last few months, I really wanted a memory foam mattress but didnt want to pay an arm and a leg. I finally ordered it in queen size because it was on rollback and I must say this is the best purchase I've made from walmart thus far. This mattress is amazing, we opened it out of the box unrolled it and was able to use it right away, it layed flat right out of the box and I didn't experience that plastic smell that I read about in a few reviews. This mattress is super comfortable, yet firm and after only two nights of sleeping on it I dont wake up with an aching back and shoulder like I did with my inner spring mattress. I highly recommend this mattress, especially if you suffer from back aches like I do.
I was hesitant to buy a mattress without seeing it in person, especially at this price. After reading reviews here that said to buy it without hesitation, that's what I did... And, I couldn't be happier. I am temporarily between houses and staying with a friend who had a spare room, but nothing in it. I needed a mattress and didn't have a lot of money, so I bought a Twin. My daughter said, "It's like a little cloud," and now she wants one to replace her more expensive pillow-top mattress that is less than a year old. At this price, how can I say no? I know you're hesitant, but just do it. The chemical odor was minimal, dissipated quickly and was not an issue for me. I didn't measure it, but the mattress expanded quickly. I don't care if it's 7-1/2 inches instead of 8, all I care is that it provides a comfortable night's sleep - which it does.
At first, I was a little skeptical about this mattress and I hesitated a lot to buy it. I just couldn't believe a mattress mailed in a small box (smashed in a vacuumed bag) would be normal after expanding to its normal size. I was wrong (and surprised). It expanded to its full size after 2-3 days and, after all, it couldn't be more comfortable. First, when you seat on it, its memory foam gives you a feeling that you are seating in a very soft mattress, however, when you go to sleep it feels like you are in a very firm mattress which has a surface that is able to adapt to your body curves. People might have different opinions, but my wife and I had the same exact feeling (my wife and I weight around 120 and 180 respectively).
We got this for a spare bedroom and didn't want to spend too much, but it has ended up getting used for way more than occasional use. It is a very firm mattress, so we bought a 2" topper and that combination has been excellent (even with the topper, I think it is still a great value). We combined this mattress with the Spa Sensations Steel Smart Base Bed frame for a quick solution to our need and it has worked out great.
Mattress came double wrapped in compact sleeping bag style. Easy to open and easy to handle. Allowed mattress 2hours to reshape itself..amazing to go from 3 in. To 8 in. In just a couple hours. Very comfortable..plenty of support..well made..nice zippered bamboo fabric cover...a great buy for the money!
I bought this for my 5 year old daughter's room and it is wonderful. Its very comfortable and my daughter loves it. My mom even laid in it with her and as soon as she got out, the shape came right back. Now remember to follow the instructions wgen opening it up. I had the mattress laid out for 72 hours instead of 48. But all is well and im enjoying my bed being child free!!,
I bought this mattress over a year ago and every night when I lay down all I can say, with content, is 'Awww'. I'm completely in love with it and so glad I took a chance on it.

Before purchasing it, I was concerned about the smell I read about in other people's reviews, but the smell was so faint, I barely noticed it. I also think I was one of the people who ordered a 8 inch mattress, but received a 6 inch. Two inches didn't really bother me, and I saw no need to make a fuss over it, though I do wish I had noticed it sooner, probably could have gotten a price adjustment.
Bought this for a male with extreme back and neck pain from multiple surgeries over the years who has chronic pain and was having great difficulty with sleep. Since putting this on his bed, he has experienced less pain throughout the night and sleeps for longer periods at a time. Even in the a.m., though still has pain, it has been reduced. This alone makes this mattress a big hit with him. I did add a mattress topper over it which also lent to the comfort level, but well-worth the money paid. No smell as indicated by others. Within a few hours it was up to 7 inches and he did not want to wait so slept on it that very night we received the product.
Absolutely love the product. I've slept better and wake up with less aches.

Some information I couldn't find when purchasing my self was the thickness of each foam layer, so here it is:
2" Memory Foam
2" Pressure Relief Foam
4" HD Foam

Had I known this I wouldn't have hesitated for a few days.
THIS MATTRESS IS SO BODY COMFORTABLE,THAT INSTEAD OF MY HUSBAND & MYSELF,BOTH WAKING UP WITH BACKACHES,WE BOTH SLEEP LIKE BABIES,GETTING UP READY TO START OUR DAY! GREAT BUY!
I bought this mattress before I came to U.S. for one year exchange life, and now I am preparing for leaving.
This mattress and bed frame was excellent during my stay, my mom came for 1 month, so it is also good for couple use although I am single.
You might need several days to adjust, it does not as soft as you first thought, which is great.
I will leave those to the one who rent my room.
I am sure it can last at least 2~3 years.
Great product bought from Walmart.
I bought this mattress for my 10 year old grandson who had a new mattress but always had problems falling asleep. He'd toss & turn trying to get comfortable and it would take him sometimes up to or over an hour to fall asleep. With this new mattress he can hardly keep his eyes open for 10 minutes after climbing into bed. The cost was very reasonable, especially after comparing to similar products. WE are very pleased with this Spa Sensation 8" Memory Foam Mattress and would highly recommend it.
I have been using this for a week and find it very comfortable. No sagging or sinking, but not too firm. It was delivered quickly and the price was competitive.
I bought this mattress a year ago and I have to say I was skeptical when I unrolled it and it was an inch tall while vacuum packed. I cut open the plastic though and It immediately inflated to about 7 inches, over the next 12 hours the memory foam layer inflated the last inch. When you take the cover off of it, you can see it is 4 inches of dense eggcrate foam, 2 inches of a less dense foam, and 2 inches of memory foam. Sleeping on this mattress is magical, I still can't beleive how comfortable it is and I've been using if for over a year. Also, fitted sheets fit it perfectly.
Very soft & comfortable. Excellent mattress for starter or for guest bedroom! Even wife was impressed!
Our son literally slept in late 2 days in a row because he didn't want to get out of this bed. We finally had to make him wake up and say you can't be late for school. He loves it so much. We couldn't be happier for him. I'm getting another one in twin for my extra room.
We bought this mattress in a full size for our son about a year and a half ago. He loves it! It is very comfortable and my husband and I like it so much that we may actually get us one too!
We wanted a firm mattress and bought this from walmart.com based on good reviews received. It came in a package which can fit in any car. Very happy so far sleeping on this for last two weeks and would have no hesitation recommending it to a friend.
Its so comfortable that its unbelievable... I use to wake up with back pains from my other mattress but since I've had this one i have no body pains and a very comfortable nights sleep...
Great mattress. Absolutely as advertised. Gives great support and is firm at the same time. It is so comfy that I don't feel like getting out of bed in the mornings. The reviews here are definitely spot on about this mattress.

The smell was very noticeable for the first few hours. However, I just followed the instructions and ventilated well while the mattress was expanding. The smell was there, not bad, for the next few nights. Smell is completely gone after a few days.
already had one for granddaughter and she liked so got one for son and it's just as good. It was delivered in record time also.
We purchased this mattress in queen size a few years ago for ourselves and then recently bought it again in another size for our guest room. At first it was because of the price, but now it is for the comfort! It gets rave reviews from our guests and they usually wind up purchasing one for themselves later! Three different couples have purchased this mattress after sleeping on it for just one night! My elderly parents could not believe the difference in how they felt.
My trailer came with a thin poor quality mattress so we had been using an inflatable mattress causing us back pain and poor sleep. We had been debating purchasing one specifically made for an RV but the cost was insane for what is basically the same mattress just labeled for RV usage. For 1/3rd the price we now have something comfortable and we are now considering getting one for home. This mattress is as comfortable as a tempurpedic one we had tried out in a store but without the extra markup for a label.
I now own three spa sensations mattresses. When you lie on one of these mattresses you feel all of your stress points relax. I've had very expensive mattresses for my back spasms and ended up selling them because they made my muscle spasms worse. I slept on my daughters spa sensation mattress one night and I was able to get out of bed without pain! I'm hooked! Best purchase I ever made!
Nice mattress
A little bite soaked in

the price reduced $10 on the day after I had bought it
great price like sleeping on a cloud. My grand kids hang out on the bed and love it. I just got the mattress last week; so, don"t know how it will told up. But very happy now. I already recommended it to a family member.
I bought my first memory foam mattress from Walmart several years ago. I have loved it so much that over the years I have slowly replaced all of our mattresses with them.
Didn't want to spend a lot of money for a guest room mattress. This was a great buy and is really comfortable. Shipping was ahead of schedule. It was fun unpacking it as it came in a box that was about 4 feet tall and 2x2. Unpack it on the bed if you can because it expands rather quickly. I did not detect any odor as some reviewers said, and I have a nose like a hound dog.
Bought these for My 11 & 13 year olds and they both Like them alot, Great price, great products. Priced these out at other stores and was able to get 2 for What they wanted for 1.
I was a little reluctant to order this mattress at first because of the low price but after reading the reviews I decided to give it a try. After sleeping on it for a week, I must say it's the best mattress I've ever owned and I've spent thousands in the past. It is equivalent to the pricey name brand models. Don't overpay for others, this ones great!!!
We got a twin size for our teenage daughter and it's fantastic! Great quality. The odor is noticeable at first, but it dissipates rapidly. It expanded completely in just a few hours and it's so comfortable that we want to get one for our queen bed next!
I needed a new mattress, badly. After an internet search I found this one. I am so glad I did. I have a platform bed and needed a mattress that wouldn't leave me bottoming out to the plywood support. I am a happy woman. This mattress supports my whole body and I am waking up without back pain. Also, my old mattress left my hips aching every night. Not with this mattress. I would buy it again and would recommend it to everyone else. It comes with a washable cover with a zipper at each end. The cover is attractive and not cheap looking.
i bought this in queen size in 2004and i love it and am back to get another 1 for my camper i was very surprise but my old 1 has kept it shape very well and i weight 166 and sleep in the same spot but i do turn it 1time a year and i too have a bad back but i sleep great on this one and dont get up stiff any more i recomend it highly you wont go wrong
If you are shopping around for matress. you can seriously consider this. I have shopped around to buy matress, finally i have bought cal king matress 2 years ago. i had a little fear about the size of the matress, so i have spent $40 for shipping to my home. But i am suprised by seeing the item when it shipped to me. Dont waste money ordering to your home. you can choose site to store option to save money. because this item can easily fit in back of your sedan car.

Please open this matress directly in your bedroom. After unpacking, this matress will grow 8 inches and will be very heavy to lift.

I am using this matress since 2 years. Still this matress is a champ. I dont have any single complaint. I dont have any back aches or sleep less nights.

Again i am planning to buy another queen matress to my another bedroom.
An excellent mattress you can get with a limited budget. You can sleep tight every night on it. This is my second time to purchase this mattress. I bought one three years ago and had to sell it due to relocation.

I drove 20 hrs for moving in the middle of this month. I placed my second order of this mattress online one day before I left the previous city. It was delivered to my apartment right at the time that I arrived at my new address.
We have slept on this memory foam mattress several weeks now and love it! Between us, my husband and I have back and or hip problems that were made worse by our old (expensive) mattress. This new one is firm in all the right places and very supportive.
Never did really notice any odor from it and it got to full size really quickly.
I'd highly recommend it and you can't beat the price.
This mattress is fantastic. Had the best night sleep in ages. There was no odor and it only took it about 10 minutes to expand to 8". I would definitely recommend this mattress to anyone who is on a budget. It far exceeds what you would expect for this low price!
This product is absolutely awesome.Way cheaper than what you see on TV and very comfortable.I will never buy a spring matress again .HIGHLY recomend this product .Ships fast got it in 3 days counting the wekend .Open it up let it sit for 5 hours and slept on it right away.No movement just like on TV no more backaches and it warms up on thoise cold winter nights .Wife enjoys itas well EXCEPTIONAL VALUE for the money .Would buy again and tell everyone I know about it!!!!!!!!!!
I have slept in some very nice beds costing thousands of dollars and not had such a relaxing sleep as with this mattress, I also have a 4" mattress topper which makes it the height of most pillow tops now. I'm not sure if you really need the mattress topper though.
I doubt I will ever go back to a conventional mattress again. It's a great price and it looks as if it will keep it's shape for years to come, I'll get back to you on that one.
This mattress is quite nice; it can be a bit firm at first, but it should contour to your shape within a few nights. The smell is moderate to faint, but it is taking longer to recede than I would like - it's been almost a week and can still smell it. For me it's no biggie as my wife and I had a queen like this before (though that one may have been a 6") We upgraded to the California King as our family grew. Other than the aforementioned, this mattress is GREAT. Just as a heads-up, if you find this mattress is a bit too firm for you, just wait about a week or so and it should soften up...but if it's just barely firm enough or inadequately firm...you're probably gonna hate it; that's what I've been able to infer from the way the rest of these reviews were written. :)
I recently purchased this mattress and my husband and I love it
I have had this mattress for 6 months and it turned out to be an excellent product, no sagging, great comfort for the aching back. 5 stars to Walmart for selling a fine product at a fair price and not lowering their business to hype, exaggeration and overpricing like most mattress stores do.
When we first took it out of the box, I thought, how could this give support? After about 30 hours or more, what a different story. It was soft yet supportive and firm at the same time. We bought this for our 10 year old and he absolutely loves it. We have a 12 inch memory foam and love ours as well. Never stiffness when we arise in the morning. We have has ours for 4 years now and never a sag or discomfort. We all love this mattress and we would highly recommend this to anyone who wants comfort as well as firm support. A+++++++ for the price and comfort all wrapped up in one.
This mattress deserves it praise. Exceptional quality and sleeps perfect. This bed memory is awesome where you lay it truly contours to your body. Perfect sleeper no backaches since I switched to this mattress. Would recommend if you are considering this mattress to get a mattress protector to avoid staining and destroying it, because its very absorbing due to texture.
Fantastic deal and quick shipment, it's super duper comfy. You can see that there are more happy customers then negative ones. I am very pleased with it. Quick set up the odor was eliminated as it said and it expananded like pizza dough. I have it placed in a Ikea Malms frame, king size and it is delightfully firm just the way I like it.
I have not actually opened this mattress yet but I do have the same exact one that I am currently using. I have had it for 6 years and it is the best sleep I have ever had. Its soft... but not overly bearing soft. It has that firmness that is needed in a mattress also. It really reminds me of a tempurpedic type bed. I would take this over any old mattress everyday of the week! I have been just using it on the regular hard floor/carpet. I might recommend that you use it on a bedframe of some sort.
I bought this bed after my Teen asked for a "Memory foam" mattress. It arrived much faster than stated - in a box and rolled up in a nice nylon bag. When it arrives you are suppose to unroll it on a flat surface and allow it to rise. Within 3 hours it was at 8 inches. While waiting for it to rise we just put it on top of the old mattress so it was up off the floor and would lay flat. It has been over a week and my teen has had a only good things to say about this mattress. You can not beat the price either!
Wonderful mattress! Very soft & comfortable, definitely worth the money. Highly recommend!
The price with shipping (which ONLY took about 3 days) was around $150 for a twin sized mattress. The mattress came with great paperwork, an advisory to let it decompress for up to 48 hours, and a pamphlet with warranty info and additional products information as well. The box was surprisingly light for a mattress, and it was easy to cut the plastic to let it decompress. It took roughly an hour for it to expand to 7.5", and the rest of the remaining height came during the course of the day. You can lay on the mattress while it is decompressing which was a plus. We used it for our guest room and are thinking of getting a king-sized one for our room. This mattress is firm, yet, cushy and comfortable enough for anyone, and includes a zip cover on it for washing convenience - the zipper runs on the undersize of the mattress. It did have a bit of a faint odor from the factory, but after airing it out for a day or so, there is no trace of it now. If you're worried, get it the day before and sleep on it the next day. It is a wonderful product for the price.
I researched foam mattresses for a long time. The reviews of this one were very good, so I decided to get it. I was not disappointed. Great price, and free delivery! It arrived in a large box - was very easy to unwrap and set up. It did take a few days to fully expand, and I noticed no odor, as some people have. This is an amazingly comfortable mattress. I got the 8" one, although I first wanted to go with the 12", but after sleeping on it, I don't think it would make any difference. It is firm, but not too firm. It completely conforms to your body and feels very supportive. It does get a little warm, and I was concerned about that most of all before I got it, but somehow I adjusted to it quickly. I sleep really, really well on this mattress. I sleep with this directly on the floor right now, but I believe you can use it on any bed frame. It is not necessary to use a box spring. Did I mention I love it???
I'm on my third one of these. My work has required that I move periodically and this mattress is the secret to picking up and moving cheap and easily. For $169 for a full size, I have sometimes paid overnight shipping to have this baby waiting for me in a new city. It comes in a pretty small box considering it is a mattress, cut the plastic and watch the magic happen. It is way more comfortable than many more expensive mattresses that I have slept on. You absolutely will not regret purchasing this.
After hurricane Isaac ruined my mattress I started looking for one online since most of the local stores were still not open and the local ones that were, were sold out of most things like this. This mattress arrived just 4 days after order in a small box (approx 4ft long by 2ft wide) and I was sure they sent me the wrong thing. I was amazed that the full size mattress fit into that box. Once you open it and put it on the bed it starts to come onto shape... pretty amazing. It was also VERY comfortable! Not too hard or too soft and much better than the mattress that I replaced (which cost much more!). I am now a memory foam devotee! I love the comfort and the way it supports you. GREAT value and worth much more.
Let me start by saying that I purchased 3 of these beds all at the same time. 1 king and 2 twins we live the mattresses. It took me a few days to get used to a little firmer bed but now I'm sleeping like a baby. My daughter also lives her new mattress. All 3 beds expanded to their full 8 inches.
After a month of considering options at our sister's house, we bought a full-size mattress for twice-a-week use by the two of us. I'm 150# and husband 250#, both side sleepers so we like beds on the stiff side. We've only slept on it twice but pleased so far. One reason we liked this bed is the 10yr warranty vs. 1yr like other foam beds...hopefully it will last that long.

Unpackaged it according to instructions and it's a full 8" and no soft spots.
We needed a king size mattress,,,, and were shocked at the prices of conventional mattresses. I saw this one online, and was a little hesitant, if for no other reason than the price seemed too low. It was delivered (free) quickly, and we are VERY pleased with it. It is a bit on the firm side, but if you like a firm mattress, you'll love this one! Very good deal at a very good price.
great bed, super comfortable, our third one... for the third bedroom. very pleased.
I was skeptical at first, read all the reviews good and bad, but figured for 200.00 what the heck, this was the best investment I ever made, it arrived at my door way before it said it would, I think I ordered it on a Monday and received it on Friday, wasnt suppose to arrive till the next friday. It wasnt heavy at all, took it to my room, followed the directions, as soon as I opened the plastic I could hear it start inflating. I let it inflate overnight, and by the next morning it was ready. I know alot of people have said its too firm or too soft, I think it all depends on your body type. I would definitely buy this again.
This is my first memory foam mattress so I wasn't sure how my arthritic body was going to take to it. I have heard for a long time that the memory foam mattresses are one of the best things for someone like me so I thought I'd try it. It was delivered in a relatively small package, about 4-5 days after ordering it online and really the hardest part of unpacking it was taking off the outside wrapping and the shrink wrap.

Last night was the first time I slept on this mattress. It is extremely comfortable. Didn't take long to expand into the full mattress after taking the shrink wrap off of it, about 6-8 hrs. Your body conforms to it immediately and once you get comfortable, you're good to go until morning. I can see why these mattresses are used in spas, it's the most comfortable mattress I've had in years so far. So hoping to still be able to say that next year and again in 10 years down the road. By the way, my cats are loving it too which means I'll have to fight for mattress room again, HA!.....it's all good, thank you so much!
The reviews were iffy but this bed is amazing. I sleep so well every night!
Got one for my brother and one for myself. It is very comfortable. A good mattress for anyone with back problems and cheaper then buying a whole new bed. I would recommend this mattress to anyone
My husband and I had been sleeping on a 15 year old mattress and box springs that was so dilapadated it had springs poking through. Our budget was super tight, but we were so thrilled with the outcome. Not only were we able to upgrade to a king sized bed, the mattress is more comfortable than anything we've ever slept on. We wake up every morning like we spent the night in a ritzy hotel.
Purchased 2 of these in Twin to be placed on slatted platform beds. After the first 24 hours, one bed reached the 8" height, but the other one stayed at 7 3/4" and didn't go any higher. Allowed the beds to air out for 3 weeks without any covers in the spare bedroom before allowing the kids to use it. There was a smell in the beginning but now, it's not noticeable. The kids are 65 pounds or less and are sleeping great. Have even fallen asleep on it after reading a bedtime story and no awkward tingling/lack of sensation feeling that I get when I would fall asleep on their firm spring coil mattresses. Yes, these mattresses are firm, but comfortable and working great for the value and their intended use as kids' mattresses. The covers feel like a soft, cotton material so purchased waterproof mattress pad covers to protect these from any accidents.
I have back and sciatica problems. Trust me, finding a mattress that works was impossible. Most are too hard or so soft there was no support. Had been sleeping on air mattress with memory foam topper as a last resort; then I researched sleep number beds...in a perfect world. Then I found a site that gave me all the information about the various memory foam mattresses and Wal-Mart' s Spa Sensation rated excellent in comfort and the price was almost too good to be true. I then read a lot of the reviews. Was so tired of not sleeping due to pain, and getting up so sore every morning. Got the bed, it inflated to almost 8 immediately. It had minimal smell. I didn't wait the recommended 48 hours, slept in it that night. I was skeptical as to what the night would provide, to my surprise I slept great...first time in years. The next morning had no backache. The bed is neither too soft nor to hard...it molds to the body. Should have done this year's ago. Am wondering though how warm it will be in summer, time would tell. I highly recommend this to anyone.
I've had memory foam mattresses before and they have all provided the best comfort and sleep over any traditional mattress I've owned. I read many reviews before I purchased this one: people complained it smelled, it wasn't a full 8" and it was too hard. I was prepared for the awful chemical smell foam mattresses tend to have and opened the box outside. I was pleasantly surprised that the smell was not as bad as expected and more on the side of a perfumed air freshener than a strong chemical - I aired it out for a couple of hours before bringing it into the room with windows open and put a mattress cover on it. I am very sensitive to smells, but dealt well with the smell by airing it out and containing it. Regarding its size, after spending a couple of hours in the warmth of the sun a couple of more hours in the house - it rose to at least 8" no problem.

When I first sat on it, I thought it would be too soft, but as soon as I laid down... It was like reclining on a cloud with my body weight evenly distributed - no pressure points, etc. I am 5'5" and 150lbs and am totally happy with everything about it thus far (mine is set up on a hard surface). I can't speak as to how long it will last, but as long as it is more than I year, I honestly would rather replace it than spend money on any other type of mattress!
I purchased this mattress for my 13 year old stepson and he absolutely loves it! When it arrived we took it out of the box and let it air for 24 hours before using it (per some of the other reviews on this site), but it was fully expanded after about 3 hours. There was a slight smell when it first came out of the box but it was gone by the next day. I took a nap on it the other day when everyone was gone and I was so comfortable I didnt want to get up! I wish my husband and I had not just speant $1100 dollars to buy a popular brand of mattress from a "mattress store". We could have saved the money and got one of these, personally I think this one is way more comfortable then the one he and I ended up with. Wish we had tried this one first! Would definately recommend this bed.
First of all the mattress is great. It was delivered to my door in a box which contained a plastic duffle which contained the shrink wrapped mattress. it was easy to cut open the box, pull out the bag and once the shrink wrap was cut the mattress started to "inflate' within an hour it was at 7 inches. There is a chemical smell so I would suggest letting it expand/air out the full 48 hours in a room other than your bedroom.

Mine was at 8" except for one corner at 7-3/4 inches at 36 hours so I put it on the bed. It is soft on top firm on the bottom, much better than my Ikea memory foam that was so hard I had to buy a 3" soft foam topper and it still was too hard even after 5 years. I woke up without back, shoulder, leg pain for the first time in months. One thing is the sides do depress when you sit on the edge of the bed, not a problem for me, but would NOT work if used as a daybed for sitting.

Now about the shipping - WM emailed me 5 days after I placed the order to tell me it was out of stock and would not be delivered until the end of June. I went back on the website and it was AVAILABLE, so I emailed them back. WM indicated it was out of stock in their supply center in my region. Apparently, my email worked because I got an updated email a day later indicating the mattress was on it's way. It arrived 2 days later, ahead of the date it was originally supposed to arrive.
I used this mattress for myself while I had company in from out of town. Mind you, I am 50+, and it was extremely comfortable. I know some others say it is too hard, but I like a firm mattress and this is perfect for me.
Now I feel so much better after a nights sleep. And I'll never buy a bed from a mattress store again. I saved a bundle this way. And it was so simple!
We've only had this for a week, but so far we love it. Used to get up with hips aching and ribs hurting, but not with this mattress. No aches or pains when we wake up and that is wonderful.
We bought a mattress from a home store - swedish company ;-) but it turned out to be too firm for me. Im a side/stomach sleeper and started getting neck and shoulder pain. My wife liked the mattress as she was a side sleeper and sometimes a side sleeper and didnt have any porblems. The "store" didnt have refund policy and all the other mattress were all firm too so we didnt want to exchange, so we tried adding a 3 inch memory foam topper. But this time my wife was not comfortable as she could easily turn on to her side as the the topper was too soft.
i started looking for mattress reviews online and I read the reviews for this SPA SENSATIONS MATTRESS (3500+ reviews with 92% +ve and sleeplikethedead.com with 80% user satisfaction) and decided to try it on our guest queen bed.
From day one me and my wife loved it. Its perfect for all sleepers(side/back/stomach).
So we returned the king mattress and luckily they gave us store credit.
We now bought a KING mattress for the master bedroom.
Its been a week sleeping on the queen mattress and its really good so far. Anyways we have 90 days for return if we see any issues with it like the other reviewers mentioned. And spa sensations seem to have good customer service replying to customer problems in the reviews sections. Lets c how it goes.
After years of bad bed frames and low quality spring mattresses I decided to purchase a platform bed and mattress. I found a great deal on a King Size bed and could not find a mattress within my price range. I saw this 8 inch memory foam mattress in King Size for hundreds less than other sites for a similar size. I took a chance and ordered it online without trying it and I am sooo glad I did. It arrived in less than a week. I ordered on Monday and it was delivered that Friday. It came compressed in a box that I was able to carry with no problem up the steps. I opened it and followed the directions. it began to expand immediately and I did notice the odor. I decided to let it stand and air out for 24-48 hours as recommended. It expended to full size within an hour and the scent is gone. I have a perfectly fine and supportive memory foam King size mattress for less than $250. This was a phenomenal deal!
This memory foam mattress is very comfortable! It shapes to your body regardless of what position you sit or sleep. I purchased this one to be used on a futon, but it seriously has me thinking about replacing my bedroom mattress as well. I already suggested this mattress to two friends and after they put this one through their own tests...well they are proud owners too.

The best feature about this memory foam mattress is that it sinks in around the special areas of the chest and groin so those body parts do not get smushed (whoo hoo).

The package warned that the matress may have an odor for a few days, but there was no odor.

It does come with a matress cover that is a mint green color that you definately want to cover with a fitted sheet.

If you are considering a memory foam mattress - consider this one! I LOVE IT!!!
After 6 spinal surgeries, repair on both rotator cuffs, and a complete knee replacement I am finally able to get a decent nights sleep. This mattress is great and the price is right, too.
I bought this for my daughter's bed cause she needed a mattress it came in a box which shocked me but once I rolled it out and laid it on her bed it started forming and it felt awesome to lay on it and she loves it..
This should come with a warning. You will never want to get out of bed again.
I purchased this mattressas a replacement for my daughters bedroom. As a 17 year old, I was concerned about the support it would offer her and how comfortable it would be on her platform twin bed. We opened the box and carefully cut off the plastic bag. It filled immediately and arrived at it's full depth within the first hour. She tried it out and said 'great mom - really comfy'. I tried it out a little bit later and I agreed. The bed is firm enough to provide adequate support and soft enough to be comfortable. After a few weeks, my daughter claims she's never had such a good nigh sleep on her new mattress. I love the fact that the mattress comes with a removable cover so it can be laundered (teenagers do snack in bed) All in all an excellent purchase I highly recommend. I will need to replace the mattress in the master bedroom in a few years and I fully intend to replace it with the Spa Sensations mattress after I see how this holds up over time.
This is a great mattress. Firm but not hard. 10 years ago I purchased a foam mattress from Walmart. The one I just purchased was a replacement. The expensive ones don't last any longer. Certainly are no more comfortable. This is a great buy.
I am typically not a review writer but I figured I would help out anyone who might be hesitating or on the fence about ordering a bed online, sight unseen.

The background...
My boyfriend and I have been sleeping on an 8 year old queen sized pillow top that was sagging in the middle. Each morning we would wake up to back pain, so we knew it was time for a new mattress. We knew we needed a king sized bed since our queen had been too small; we aren't big people (me 5'6 119lbs, him 5'10 170lbs) but the 25lb beagle can take up more room than one would think is possible! We decided on a temporary memory foam mattress since it was the only mattress type that would fit up the stairs in our current place. After doing some research we decided to try this 8" Spa Sensations memory foam mattress because it was cheap and because if we didn't like it we could return it to Walmart. I was REALLY nervous about buying a bed I couldn't try out first.

The delivery/setup...
The bed arrived a day earlier than expected and wasn't too heavy (78lbs) so I was able to get it into the house and up the stairs on my own without much trouble. I opened the box, removed the outer, canvas-like bag, and spread the still sealed mattress out onto the floor (our platform bed frame arrived the next day). Once I had it in the correct position I took the final vacuum-sealed plastic wrapping off and the mattress immediately began to expand. It was fully expanded to 8" within a few hours but I still opted to sleep in the spare bedroom the first night in order to give it a little extra time to recover from shipping.

The smell...
In the interest of full disclosure I will say I have a very sensitive nose. With that said, yes there is a smell. Yes it permeated the entire upstairs. And yes, it work me up the first night I slept on the mattress (2nd night we had it). It is a chemical smell that gave me a headache each morning when I woke up. I combated this by opening up every window upstairs 24/7 (it is still getting into the 30's at night here so it got pretty cold inside) and stripping the bed linens off each morning to let the mattress air out. The smell wasn't overpowering, it was just constant and less than pleasant. It does fade though. Currently, there is still some of it floating off the mattress, but it is getting better every day.

The odds and ends...
This bed is REALLY low profile. Coming from a bed that reached up to the top of my hips when on its box spring and frame, this was a HUGE change in height. I bought this bed before thinking about getting sheets and a comforter set for something so low profile. Once it was ordered and I realized how hard it would be to find something that fit a bed under 17" I started to panic. I ended up buying some Cannon Sheets from Kmart that fit mattresses up to 13" (as low profile as I could find). They are working fine and so it the comforter set I purchased. For reference, the top of the mattress on the platform bed frame is about 17 inches off the ground and the comforter almost touches the ground on either side of the bed.

The verdict...
I would recommend this mattress. For the price, you probably won't find something comparable. There was no adjustment period with this mattress, my back felt great the first night I slept on it and has ever since. I am a back/side/stomach/whatever sleeper and have yet to wake up to an ache or pain. It is supportive without feeling too hard. Plus, we now have a mattress that allows the dog to take up half of it without kicking us off. A fact I am sure he is currently plotting to rectify.
I have had this mattress for about 6 months now. It is absolutely fantastic. First of all the mattress has remained firm thus far. It started off a little too firm for my liking but my body adjusted within a week and my back has never felt better. This mattress has without a doubt done wonders for my back. I never wake up with back pain and the fatigue that accompanies it anymore. In fact my whole body wakes up feeling refreshed and without pain everyday. I have a high end pillow-top posturepedic mattress in my family home and this mattress beats it hands down.

The mattress comes with a beautiful mattress cover, that is soft to sleep on.

Some things to note:
1) The original mattress that I obtained from walmart.com did not reach 8 inches in height. It grew to 5.5 only. However, spa sensations was absolutely fantastic in resolving this issue for me. They merely needed proof that my mattress wasn't the appropriate height via imaging as well as images of tags attached to the mattress which is more then fair. The ease of this was much appreciated. Good service is hard to come by. My new mattress is 7.5 inches. The new mattress grew to 7.5 inches within a few hours. I let it sit overnight but did not get the extra 0.5 inches. The deficit of .5 inches is not in the memory foam component so I am ok with this.
2) This mattress shipped in time in a box. It was vacuum packed. I placed it on my frame. I don't believe the mattress will fit into the box for moving purposes but you may be able to roll it with bungee cables (i am not sure however). It was very convenient as it was shipped to my door for free.
wasn't sure when the item first arrived. how could a queen size matress fit in that size box. well nothing was sacrificed. very satisfied. came earlier than the estimated shipping date making it another plus and free shipping i might add. didnt go wrong with this product.
i love my new memory foam mattress, i no longer wake up with back aches from my mattress and my sheets no longer slide off my mattress like it did with my pillow top mattress.
its the best mattress ive ever owen and it was only 128.00 . it was the best deal ive ever made.
i wouldnt sell my memory foam mattress for any amount of money.
thank you walmart for my mattress. this mattress doesnt slide around on the bed like all the others ive owned. do your self a favor and oreder this great sleeping mattress.
My son is 18 years old and weighs about 190lbs. I felt he needed more support so I picked this mattress. he was hesitant at first, but says he loves it now.
Was skeptical after reading some reviews, but this is great. Purchased for my 10 year olds room, she loves it! It was at 7 inches within a few minutes, the next day was at 8 inches. Even throughout, no lumps or bumps or dips. Very happy with this purchase
First sleep on this mattress and my wife and I are both very pleased. I watched old movies til !:30 AM rolled over and went right to sleep. Sleep was deep and relaxing didn't wake up til 1 PM couldn't believe I slept so long and never woke up one time. Usually wake at least a few times a night and get up with a back ache and hip too. No back ache or Hip pain either. Great product, very pleased!
I was bit skeptical before I even ordered this mattress; especially after looking at all the pricey memory foam mattresses I was not sure if I would want to buy this product. But this product has so many excellent reviews so I went for it.

I am very happy that I bought this product. It is very comfortable and sufficiently hard/soft for your back. I am almost a floor sleeper/I cannot sleep on plushy mattresses in which you sink down.. and those are not at all good for your back I was very concerned about that. But this product did not let me down. Some people mentioned it is not very good to sleep on your back but I did not find that a problem.

The build quality is very good the feel of mattress is also really soft. Very fast shipping from walmart. It just arrived in 2 days of the order. The packing was decent the box was bit dented but no damage inside. Easy to unpack.

I would recommend not to use it right away, let it inflate and let the package smell go away. So let it sit for a day!

CONS:
1. Mattress is very smooth and is bit difficult to move when it is slipping from your hands.. (esp if you are moving alone) I would have appreciated fabric handles to it.

2. Takes a bit longer to inflate fully.
3. It acclaims that it is an 8" mattress but just goes as high as 7"-7.75".

I don't expect too much from this mattress but lets see how it performs in long run!
My husband has a very bad back. He has actually been sleeping on our couch for over a year now because the bed we had made his back worse. So for the price I decided to give this mattress a try. We have only been sleeping on it for a few nights now BUT, he hasn't gone back to the couch!!!!
This product more then met my expectations. You can't go wrong!
In spent a decent amount of time looking for a new mattress . I was more than willing to spend a lot of my hard earned money for a reliable mattress since lets be honest too many times a bad night of sleep has caused too many bad days in recent memory. I was skeptical because all of the supposed best beds out there cost a fortune. After reading the reviews i thought to give it a shot and couldn't be happier with the mattress. I purchased the King. This is my first foam mattress and have to say that it doesn't make it hotter. I've had the bed for 3 weeks now and i feel like its could be the best investment I've made for myself in a long time. Its one thing to buy something you want online and get something you really needed and never knew it. The delivery was 1 week early plus i saved a ridiculous amount of money. One tip the mattress comes compressed to fit in a box so be careful unwrapping it with a sharp object and let it conform back to its original size before testing it... You wont regret it. .....Sleep well.
I have purchased three of these 8 inch foam mattresses, one for me and a couple for family members. We all say the same thing, they are the most comfortable mattresses we have ever slept on. I have had several heart operations and had been sleeping in a recliner chair for several months. Now with wedges to elevate the head of my bed, I sleep like a baby. Thank you Walmart. Bill, Tallahassee, Fl.
I have had back problems for many years. I sleep in a hospital bed because I can not lie flat. I used a memory foam topper on the mattress but still could not sleep comfortably. I replaced the mattress with an 8" Spa Sensations Memory Foam Mattress and have slept soundly and comfortably since the first night. I wake up with less body aches in the morning.
I got this to furnish my guest bedroom . After about a week of use now , I can only say it's a great buy in the price range . I also felt its better than my existing matress for which I paid around 400 $ !
Its firm and is exactly like I expected ..
This is without a doubt the most comfortable mattress I have ever had. I recently came from a queen size Sealy $1200.00 set of bedding which also was extremely comfortable but I do prefer this no frills mattress. It came out of the box and was fully into shape within hours and no smell at all. Would highly recommend.
I must have read over a hundred reviews when I was thinking of ordering this mattress, and they ALMOST scared me out of ordering. But I was sleeping badly anyway, and figured I could take a twin back easily enough to my local store if I wasn't satisfied.....and if worse came to worse, I would EAT my one hundred and fifty dollar mistake.

But I tried to keep an open mind and waited hopefully for the arrival. I opened the box the day of it's arrival (which was in about 5 days), and followed all of the instruction. Very easy to open , so very little odor it isn't even worth mentioning, and the mattress density had reached 5 inches within an hour. After several hours, it measured 7 1/2 inches, and by the next morning (after not sleeping on it--giving it the full 48 hours that is instructed), it measured the full 8, maybe 8 1/4 inches thick. The corners may be constricted a tiny bit by the covering, but they're plenty thick also.

After 2 nights of patience, I approached sleeping on it the third night with hesitation, fearing it sinking to the bottom or feeling hard as a rock. But it was HEAVENLY ! ! ! Mine is resting on my box spring from a regular mattress/boxspring set, and it feels perfect .

It still enters my mind that it may take permanent indentations after using for a few months, but I wanted to write one review right now. I weigh 136 pounds, sleep alone, and use the bed every night, pretty much; and, so far, this mattress is perfect for me.

Good news for you is , I see that they have come down another ten dollars on the price !
I bought this mattress to put in spare bedroom and watch tv when my wife and I don't agree on what to watch. But the frame was back ordered. So I put it up on the box spring. First time I went to watch tv I fell asleep after a couple of minutes, slept straight threw.When the frame came in, I tried it again and found even better, much better. I couldn't believe the difference.
The wife and I are planning to buy the 12" King for our room.
I have never slept better!
My husband and I needed a new mattress desperately but just didn't want to spend so much money for a king sized mattress. This mattress is definitely worth the money. It did take a night or two to get use to a memory foam mattress but I have had a back pain free sleep since then. I would most definitely recommend this product.
Bought to replace my water bed bladder. It is a bit firmer than I am used to but to my surprise it did not leave me stiff and achy like a regular mattress.

My only drawback is it gets extremely hot once you settle in.

I put on a quilted mattress pad and Jersey sheets and that helps a bit, I may add a pillow top pad, to see if it cuts down on the heat a bit more. Besides, in the winter the heat may not bother me.

Over all I am pleased with the purchase.
It's a great Buy.... I sleep on it every night.... I'm a heavy set guy and it feels Great... I got the full size... And it's perfect for what I need it for
Comfortable
When I placed my order I was told it be delivered on Friday. The day after, I got an email saying that it had been delayed and I would be notified of the new date. The next day I got an email saying the order had shipped and the mattress was at my door on Thursday when I got home from work. The quality matched the description and my daughter said it slept great!!!
I really like this product. But what happened was I bought it and 2 days later I got an email from walmart that there was price reduction, rollback, for 30 dollars less and have had a very hard time getting a price adjustment. Other than that I recommend this!
We really have enjoyed this mattress. It is comfy and very stable, when my husband moves around in the bed I don't feel a thing! It didn't take long to air out the new foam mattress smell either, I stuck two baking soad boxes right on top of it for 2 days, that did the trick!
Bought this for my son who is 15. Read practically EVERY review and finally ordered the 8" Queen. So far so good. I was originally going to order the King, 12" for myself but since he needed a new mattress, I made him the guinea pig! ha,ha. Will probably order the 12" King down the road.
Ordered this mattress to go in an RV. It arrived early on my doorstep. And performs as well others I've seen for about 100$ more.
I ordered. This mattress after reading several reviews and decided there were more positive than negative ... Yes it came in a box ...and yes the mattress stinks!!!! And it does not just smell bad for a week maybe more like 1.5 months!!! I didn't want my daughter to have sleep on it while it smelled so bad! ... Moving on currently I own a tempurpedic mattress and honestly it's not that much different from spa sensations! Both my husband and I agree that it's just as good! Now I've only had this mattress for just over 3months and a 4yr old sleeps on it so I really don't know how it will hold up but so far it's great and anyone that has sat on this bed has been amazed at how nice it is .
Bought this mattress couple of days back. It took 48hrs for this to be 8" but i did not find any issues with smell as stated in other reviews. Walmart took more than 2weeks for this to ship but i think it is worth every penny. I bought this for my mom and she loves it. It is firm. I would highly recommend this product.
I, like many others, have back problems of some sort and need a specific mattress for comfort. Because of this I have always believed that the firmer the mattress the better. This mattress is firm, yet gets somewhat softer as you sleep on it a few nights. Don't misunderstand, it doesn't get really soft just softer...your body sinks a bit more into the foam as time goes on, should I say. It is still firm though. So...as I thought, any firm mattress would do, this is not true. This mattress is actually too firm. (but does seem to get better as time is progressing) I can sleep on it without adding to my pain which is great but it doesn't take away my pain as others have said. But, mine is still being broken in, so I expect it to be better as time goes on.
The packaging was great, small, portable and not too too heavy...I am 130lb and could move it around fine. It only took a few minutes for it to get mostly 'inflated'...it was 7 inches in 15 minutes. It also has a protective cover...great. It is a total fit to the bed too...fits my box spring better than my previous mattress. The smell they talk about is only bad when you put your face down into it and breathe in... Other than this a normal nose can deal with it well. I set mine up and believe I could have slept on it that same night. But, simply because of the reviews and package indications I planned to set it up while I was going to be away (I have a job where I travel and am only home 4 nights a month, this is why it only gets minimal use). So, if your nose isn't a sensitive one you most likely will be able to sleep on it the same night if you set it up in the morning of the same day.
All in all I think it is a good product although I expected it to "give" a bit more at the beginning.I actually was thinking of putting my feather pillow topper back on and it just might give me the right amount of softness and firmness to satisfy me more. So for the price it was a great deal and didn't make things worse... I'm ok with this.
As I said, it doesn't make my already bad back hurt more, so this is good...but as of now it doesn't make it feel too much better either, not like I expected it to.
All in all a good product but not great.
I needed a mattress for my vacation home. It is decent but I don't recommend this for your every day mattress. It is perfect for a guest room. I have a tempurpedic and a bobopedic....nothing in comparison to these two products. It is comfortable but not the quality or density of most memory foam matresses that I have slept on.
I have fibromyalga and this mattress gives me more comfort than a standard mattress. I recommend it to anyone who needs a good nights sleep. Firm yet soft. I don't know how much it would hold up if you weighed 170 or more? But my husband and I like it.
This is the second 8" Memory Foam Mattress from wal-mart that we have used, the first was a king size and is still good after 7yrs. The latest is a queen size and it has inflated nicely (7"+) and my wife likes how comfortable it is too. We read the complaints from others and have none so far, however our bmi is less than 26, our age is over 60 and that may be a factor in our comfort level.
every satisfied with this 8 inch memory foam matttress better than my coil mattress. I had a coil matress for 7 years and the spings started to come through. I throw it out for garbage when my memory foam mattress arrived. I am very pleased with my purchase. I didn't even spend 300.00 with shipping for a queen size mattress. even with a 5 years warranty it is still better than paying 1000.00 for the other ones. I would purchase it again.
Bought this to add extra high and comfort to my son's bed.This foam mattress lives up to its expectations it is soft yet comfortable.It was a bit difficult to get out of the box.It is also now diffiicult to get my son out of bed
It's a little less firm than I would have hoped, but I like an EXTREMELY firm mattress. It was a good buy, and I get a sound night in it. Can get a bit warm.
I was surprised how it well it feel. It is not as raised as other mattresses I have had in the past. It has been really good for my bac.
I was hoping for the experience that I read about in so many reviews before I Purchased this item. Sadly, I was disappointed. From day one, I was in pain. There are some days when I wake up kind of alright, but most days I'm stiff and sore. My husband sleeps fine and I've had no complaints from him, so at least he is enjoying it.
I did not encounter any smell as some other reviews stated. It is however a 'firm' mattress. For the money I think it's a good value. But if you don't like a firm mattress this mattress is not for you.
I purchased this mattress online based on the reviews, and I regret it!
This mattress is very uncomfortable. The so called memory foam is the same
kind of foam used in wrestling pads, or in the least feels like it. I lost my sense of
smell three years ago, so the chemical smell was not an issue. I am on a fixed income
so I will have to try to save up for a real mattress. The mattress is way to firm once the
so called memory foam compresses under your weight. Bottom line spend the extra money
for a real mattress!
After I read all the positive reviews for this product I decided to give it a try. I dont know if all memory foam is like this but it was hard. More than firm it hardly gave at all. My wife and I both gave it 2 nights thinking it may soften up but it was like sleeping on a gym mat.
My husband & I thought long and hard about this purchase, read the reviews and decided to buy. We also bought the platform bed from Walmart for this mattress. We bought a full size 8 inch mattress. Well I keep measuring and it is not 8 inches, 7 1/2 at the ends of mattress and about 6 7/8 up the sides. Maybe it takes two months to achieve its exciting 8 inches. Comfort wise not bad but the worst part is it is so light it slides around the platform. It is also hard to find a sheet to fit it. So far I have not found a sheet that doesn't wrap around it twice. Now if you are putting this on an existing foundation you might not have an issue. Till I'm done buying toppers and pads to build it up so a sheet will fit I could have just bought a regular size mattress. Definitely dissapointed.
I bought this queen memory foam mattress for my beach house. I didn't want to spend too much since it was going to be rented out to friends and family. I read all of the reviews and decided to buy it. I already own a $1,000 Sealy memory foam mattress, which I love. But this one is way too firm. I had backaches after sleeping on it. You get what you pay for. Now I have to purchase a $120 mattress topper from Costco so that it can be slept on. In the end, I would not recommend.
If you like a firm mattress, well this is for you! I was hoping with the word "memory foam" it would be soft, but it's the complete opposite. I bought a king and my neck and back hurt, and have only owned it 3 days!! The only reason it gets a two star rating is because it was cheap.... That's it! The mattress is only 6" after opening it. So if you want an 8", you might want to order the 10" one! Never again....
I bought this Foam Mattress disregard all the negative reviews after seeing 1000+ people have bought it with very few complains! I read reviews where ppl stated there's a strong smell "odors" with the foam mattress but it usually go away 3-5 days!

I ordered the mattress online and got it early then expected ---->> delivery is on time and a few days sooner!
The Foam mattress come in with a box which is really easy to open!

I got so excited when I first seeing the mattress arrived with my twin bed stand!! I sleep on it the first night and I'm telling you; I wish I never did!!! 4 hours in my sleep; the strong smell from the foam came out; it was so strong and I couldn't even breath!!! I've to open my windows/and turn the fans on!! The next morning, I didn't sleep in my room instead I slept in my living room for 4 days and had my fan and windows opened! I even went to Walmart and bought the Freeze things to spray of the odors from the mattress!!!

The fifth days! I slept on it and thought the strong smell would go away but I was wrong!! I cover the mattress with a sheet and the air got trap below the sheet; while you sleeping you would smell the odors the come out from the sheet.

I called Walmart Customer Service and asked to returned the mattress!! Since I don't have a truck and have no way of taking the big mattress back to the local Walmart!! They have to issued a Pick up express tag... a week later someone came and pick up the mattress! Yes!! I can still smell the odors from the mattress after 13 days!!!

This mattress will giving you a lot of headache if you can avoid please do.... especially for those who are moving out and settling down and don't have pick truck!!

**After all it is a nice mattress but you can't sleep in it!!!!!

Good luck with it!!
I bought a queen size mattress for my guest bedroom. After I opened it and let it uncompress for 48 hrs, it fluffed up in the middle but two corners remained compressed. I hoped that with time those corners will also slowly become even with rest of the mattress but even after a few months, they never did. My bed has this slope where middle is raised compared to sides and it looks really bad. I wanted to return it but its impossible to pack it back. I feel like I just wasted ~$200. I guess I'll call it an expensive lesson and never buy a mattress online again.
I didn't realize that it was shipped in a box. It still hasn't gotten up to 8" inches in 5 days yet. My personal opinion is for you not to ship it in a box especially for a king or bigger. I am not satisfied with this product I received. I bought a bed so I could sleep on it. I haven't been able to sleep on it yet!! As for comfortable I don't know that either. I thought it was good for the money was good but maybe I was wrong.
Mattress is too soft. I feel like I am sleeping in a hole. Difficult to turn over. My 40 year old son slept on it one night and had the same reaction. "Easy return" process turned out to be a nightmare. Easier to keep it and let one of the kids use. (Lighter)
I just picked up this mattress today. Unfortunately, just as the first 1 star review indicated, I also got the "bad" version of this mattress. It is very soft, you hit the bottom frame when you sit on it. I slept on one of these over a friend's house, and loved it. Went ahead and ordered one for myself. Did read the review before buying, including both the good and bad ones. I was betting my luck that I will get the "good" one, as it looks like most people get the "good" ones. Well, guess I was wrong, and now I need to somehow return this thing to Walmart. Even more frustrating, should I get another one to try one more time. Spa sensation, if you are tracking these reviews, you need to listen. You are tarnishing your own reputation on this product. By the way, here is the manufacturer's spec on the corner label, "manufactured by: ZINUS (XIAMEN) INC, Zinus Building, No.461-469, Huanzhu Jimei District, Xiamen, china. Date of manufacture: 7/1/2014. I think it would help if people who got good versions can post their manufacturer info as well.
You only get 1 inch memory foam. The rest is regular foam. It's hard and uncomfortable. Even after a week it's horrible. I would return it but I don't know how. The description is deceiving. Use your regular mattress an just get a topper. I had a 3 inch and it was great.
I had the 6'' version of this for two years and I couldn't be happier. However, I bought a queen size bed and decided to also purchase 8'' this time. The mattress is very bad - both me and my girlfriend started having back and neck problems after a couple of months of sleeping on it. When you lie you it sags at least 2 inches ... most reputable manufactures have insurance for 1.5 inches sag - lets see how Spa Sensation handles this.I will definitely NOT recommend this - I really hope Walmart can exchange the product - otherwise it is $$$ down the drain because I have to throw it away as I cannot afford to wake up with back and neck pain every morning which turns to headaches because of the stiff neck.12

Get the 6'' which is great but this one is AWFUL.
Although my husband says it's the most comfortable mattress ever, the chemical small is so bad we have to return it. After 2 nights on it we had to get it out of our house the smell was so strong and awful. My niece tried it but told me to come and get it because the smell was bad.
I was disappointed after receiving this mattress, and took the time and trouble to lug it all the way back to the nearest Walmart for return despite it being so large and unwieldy.

First, the physical dimensions of the mattress aren't even what was advertised. Even after allowing it to expand after a week, nowhere was the mattress anywhere near 8" thick, more like 6" at the most. At one of the corners, the mattress tapered off to like 4" thick, like some cheap reject piece.

You should know that this mattress is not a full piece of memory foam -- it is made of a ~4" backing piece of normal (dense) foam, topped with a ~1.5" memory layer. It does not come anywhere near the cushiony feeling of true memory foam mattresses you feel in stores.

Just for context, I also have a Novaform memory mattress from Costco, and that is what I'm comparing against. This was nothing like that -- it felt like a piece of foam you'd buy for a college bed.

I guess I was hoping too much for a $200 queen mattress. But at least the thing should meet the promised dimensions, you would think?
I bought the spa bed frame and just love it, so I went ahead and bought the spa memory foam mattress. I kept waiting for it to inflate itself for over a week and realized it is never going to get to the size shown on the picture. It would make a nice topper for a box spring and real mattress, but do not foul yourself into the belief that this is a true mattress.....it isn't.
I bought this 8" mattress prior to going on vacation. Knowing that it needed time to expand, I thought this would be perfect, set it up and it would be ready to sleep in when I came back home. Major disappointment! It was not fully expanded, lumpy, one of the sides was still crimped and in the areas that were expanded the most only measured 4 1/2" thick.

Now I have the pain of taking and dropping off this semi-expanded mattress to my local store. I already have neck & back issues, now trying to lug this thing down 2 flights of stairs and into my truck by myself (it will not fit back into it's original packaging) really defeated the purpose of this purchase all together!
It is very hard to turn over because you keep sinking. I weight 170 lbs.
Years ago I purchased a spa sensation slumber 1 ( no longer sold) that is the bed I currently own. This bed is great. Based on my results I recommended this spa sensation to my gf. The bed arrived in a duffle bag(used for laundry now). Anyways. . She weighs about 180 and im 140. Its not bad if I sleep alone but once both of us are on it.. I start rolling towards her. This mattress has yielded back shoulder and neck pains for now 2 yrs. Dont buy this item unless u feel like shelling out more $ later
It took two days to inflate and after two weeks still hasn't inflated to the eight inches as advertised. I am totally dissatisfied with this product, it is also uncomfortable to lay on. I will never purchase this type of item again, at least not from Walmart. Very deceptive, I personally paid way too much for it.
Horrible mattress, I was expecting something more firm, particularly after reading the reviews on how the mattress was too firm. I ordered 2 twin size mattresses and they are soft and squishy like cheap foam, there's no support whatsoever. I'm assuming either quality control is off or there are 2 versions of this mattress, the firm one and the very squishy one. I'm taking these back, I definitely don't recommend these.
I purchased this mattress based on the reviews, I did read a couple of them were they complained that it only expanded to 6", since the great majority were satisfied, I went ahead and bought it, after a week, it's only 6" and is not even. Sending it back.
It sink you in,never contours to our body shape.
I read the reviews and saw that others had issues with the mattress expanding. I purchase the same mattress a few years ago and had no issues. I was hoping that it was just a rare issue but my mattress has proven to be one of the ones that will not expand. I'm really disappointed in this purchase.
I bought this bend from Walmart.com but I needed to return it because it was extremely hard. Very uncomfortable.
WOULD NEVER BUY THIS WE GOT IT AND LET IT SIT FOR 24 HOURS SO THE FOAM WOULD BE READY! THE WORST BED I HAVE EVER SLEPT ON. IT WAS LIKE SLEEPING ON A CARDBOARD BOX. HORRIBLE. IT'S WORTH SPENDING MORE MONEY TO GET A BETTER BED.
Never expanded to full size. I think i was sent a 6" mattress when i ordered the 8" mattress even though the box and mattress says it is an 8". After more than a week it still has not measured more than 5 and a 1/2 inches in the middle and probabally 4" on the corners. Followed manufactures guidlines for un-packing, and even flipped a few times to make sure it got good air flow. Plus it did not seem to be "memory foam" to me, as it did not hold an impression for a few seconds if pressed on, but rather would spring right back after released kinda like the foam you would find in a couch cushion or something.
put on foundation for one week only 4 inches not 8
had to return
While I have been sleeping on this mattress now for about 1 month, I'm still not sure about it. It's ok I guess, but it's just very different from anything I have ever slept on. My husband & I both ache at night on everything we have had. My favorite thing was my warm waterbed we had but he insisted on getting a real bed. Well, since then, we have been through 3 mattress & ended up with this. he says he is happy, but I wonder if it's that he really won't admit that we both still have the aches & pains. Maybe if it were 12 inch memory foam & not the 8 in. Still hurt, so don't know what else to say about it.
the mattress is hard as a rock, it only has 1 1/2" of memory foam on top of a hard foam. It works ok if you add a good 3" or 4" memory foam topper from another manufacturer.
Meh. that's all I can say. It's really really firm - more like a memory brick. Or perhaps it just has amnesia, I'm not sure. I'm 127lbs and I just don't sink into this mattress at all.
It's a good value - a good base - but I'm now searching for the perfect featherbed topper to complete the bed. Alone, it just doesn't cut the mustard. It took about 2 days to expand fully. I have a california king and I expect it's not a common size in the northeast so mine probably sat packaged for way longer than say, a queen or reg king size.
In it's defense, it is durable, which is more than I can say for an inner spring mattress - but as I said, if you're looking for plush, this isn't it and you will need some topper to soften it up.
This mattress is very uncomfortable. I am seriously thinking of returning it although it will be really embarassing to lug it up to the store.
Just received it today.
Hope the smell will go away in few days!
It inflated only till 4'' to 5''at max that too didn't spread evenly. Will it become 8'' at all? If not please help me to return?
Almost no give at all. It ia way too firm. We might as well sleep on the floor,
This is the most comfortable mattress I have ever had.. so soft, but firm and supportive too. I sleep like a baby on this.
AFTER READING REVIEWS DID NOT KNOW IF WE WOULD BE DISSAPPOINTED.....BUT AS IT TURNS OUT:
ITS THE VERY BEST MATTRESS WE HAVE EVER TRYED!
IT WAS PACKED IN CARDBOARD BOX WITH MATTRESS VERY WELL WRAPPED IN 2 OR MORE PLASTICs & THERE WAS NO ODOR WHATS-SO-EVER
DID NOT NEED TO BE AIRD-OUT
PLUS IT PUFFED OUT NICELY IN A FEW HOURs!
D E L I G H T F U L L PRODUCT!
IT IS NOT TOO HARD OR FIRM!
ITS JUST THE RIGHT BALANCE OF SOFT & FRIM!
just A DREAMY CUSTOM MADE MARSHMELLOW & now EVERONE IN THE HOUSE WANTS ONE & we would have paid so much more ELSE WHERE FOR SURE! CANT BELIEVE we only found this SIZE this PRICE & QUALITY in WALMART!!!
Now need to wait for it to come back in stock to get another in TWIN AND a QUEEN!
My husband and I purchased this mattress for our fifth wheel. Since we don't use it everyday, I wanted to wait until we used it several times before commenting. We are both very pleased with our purchase. We heard conflicting comments about the memory mattresses, but decided to try it out since it was alot less money from Walmart than other stores. It definitely is a firm mattress, but has been fairlly easy to adjust to from our coil pillowtop mattress at home. Our queen bedding fits nicely on the mattress and even the fitted comforter that matches the window treatment fits perfectly. I would highly recommend the Spa Sensations for rv'rs who don't have the support of box springs but want a better nights rest than using the standard coil/foam mattress that is sold with your rv.
After sleeping on a waterbed for the last 26 years it took me about a week to get used to this mattress. It is rather cool when you first lie down on it but it warms quickly and holds the heat. The small amount of back pain I was haveing is gone now.
I AM ONLY WRITING THIS REVIEW TO PROVIDE THE DIMENSIONS AS TO THE BOX IT COMES IN WHEN YOU PICK IT UP FROM THE STORE. I HAVE NOT USED THIS PRODUCT SO I CANNOT COMMENT ON THE QUALITY OR USABILITY OF THIS PRODUCT.

The box measures:
43" X 17" X 17"
I believe this item will fit into the seat of most 4-door cars. I have a newer Monte Carlo (2-door) and I was able to put it into the back seat after sliding the front seat forward. This item would not fit into the trunk of my car. I have a large trunk so I feel most people will have to place this item in the back seat.
My 17 year old son has had problems sleeping for years. I would find him sleeping on the floor, in the recliner... anywhere but the beds we bought him. (We've been through quite a few!)

We got him the memory foam mattress when we were remodeling his room. He LOVES IT!! He's not just sleeping better, he's sleeping sound. In fact, I'm so impressed, I plan on purchasing the same TWIN mattress for my daughter and a KING Size for my husband and myself!
The mattress is very comfortable. I am using it currently with the Spa Sensations Steel Smart Base Bed Frame and the Spa Sensations 7.5" High Bi-Fold Box Spring. All 3 make for a terrific sleeping experience. My girlfriend and I have been using this entire setup since March of 2014 and it is still wonderful!
I picked it up at the store. The box was split open and the mattress was coming out of the bag, but the vacume was still holding on the mattress so I accepted it. Got it home and set it on top of the spare bedroom bed and opened it. No instructions to be found. I set it zipper side down and that is the botom of the mattress. There was a fairly stronge odor to the mattress but not horrible by any stretch. Mine took a good 24 hours too get up too 8 inches but I let it sit for 48 hours and that is what I would recomend you do. By then the odor will be just about gone. I weigh 210 lbs and its no problem for the mattress. Lets put it this way, I will never own a spring mattress again. I cut two sheets of cheap plywood too fit on top of my king size box springs and set the mattress on top and off too never never land. Wife loves it too. Just buy it, its great.
Purchased for my 15 year olds bed in the twin she absolutely loves it!!
I got this mattress very quickly; I had it delivered to my home. It was on the front porch when I got home from work in a tall box. The top of the box opened easily and I pulled out the mattress which was tightly and neatly rolled into a tube, covered wtih two layers of plastic. The outside was a sturdier plastic, which I carefully cut with scissors down the seam. I removed the interior plastic and laid out the mattress on the bed frame. Just for fun, I measured before it sat very long (I ordered the 8" full size mattress). It measured about 6". There was a slight odor, but nothing that bad and I have a sensitive sniffer. By the end of the evening, it appeared to have expanded to its 8" size. I ended up sleeping on it that night and found it to be very comfortable. By morning, I still noticed a slight smell, but again, nothing to complain about. I already had a 2" mattress topper, so plopped it on top for a little extra cushioning power. No complaints at all. I feel like I hit the jackpot by saving all the money from not getting a pricier model. Great value, great service and quality product!
this mattress is so comfortable! my back hurts some days but when I wake up on this mattress my back feels better! Great value I think!
I bought this mattress several days ago. I used Site-to-Store and it fit (barely) in my car. After unpacking it, there was a paint-like smell that took about 2 days to completely go away and it also took that long for it to completely expand. It is comfortable -- the memory foam layer on top gives it a softness that you sink into, then the foam underneath is firm. For me, it's the right firmness. And for the price, I couldn't find a better deal.
this matress is more firm than i was hoping for. I am hoping it will soften up a little. my sister has same mattress and tried mine out and said hers is much softer. for the price it is good. even though it is firmer than i wanted my back feels good in the moring.
I have an original, 12 inch, king-size Temper-Pedic memory foam mattress. We wanted to replace our children's spring mattresses, and out of curiosity I started looking at memory foam mattresses. I never thought I'd find ones at such a good price with decent reviews. When I saw these, I was floored by the price, so we ordered 3. (We have 4 kids, but our youngest child's spring mattress is only a few moths old and we paid over $300 for it.) We opened one mattress and let it expand, figuring that if there was an issue, we would return the other two unopened. Everything went well, so the next day we opened the other two. My kids absolutely love them. I didn't measure them, but they don't look like 8 inches. Like I said, I have a 12 inch, and these are maybe 6-7 inches. I do sit on their beds when I read to them at night, and I haven't damaged them. They are not as firm as mine, but they are still really great! We paid $2,000 for our king-size bed with box spring and frame, so for only $170 per mattress, these mattresses are wonderful!
We have had this bed for a week and its very comfortable but it sinks into the shape of your body and stays that way. So if you turn the bed or someone else sleeps on your side or you change from your normal sleeping position you are going to have lumps everywhere. Its a huge dissapointment we were hoping it would go back to normal once you were up and out of bed in the morning.
I bought this bed because I wanted to get away from a coil spring mattress which made my arms go numb as I am a side sleeper. After getting this mattress set up and expanded I slept on it the first night. It does smell but it is not that bad. I have to admit no more numb arms from the coils and tossing and turning but now my lower back pain is back which I have not had for about a year and my hips hurt bad and I toss and turn from that. If I sleep on my back then the pain is horrible. I really want to like this mattress because it is comfortable there is just no support for those of us with back problems. If you have back problems stay away from this mattress. It is going to my three year old granddaughter to sleep on and I am going to look for a used waterbed instead.
The mattress itself was very comfortable, but I don't recommend it because it smells like motor oil and factory grease. It was so bad it woke me up a couple of times and has all my stuff smelling like that too. You might get lucky and not have this problem but you just never know until you have it at home and unpacked it. Plus it's really compact when it comes, so getting it into the car for returning is next to impossible now unless walmart comes picks it up.
Not as much firm as expected. Has no support and sinks through in less than two weeks. Feeling like a bit of back pain sometimes in the morning. Not good if looking for decent firmness and support. Memory foam mattresses once they are opened and become full size are a hassle to return. Hence Pick wisely!
My boyfriend bought this mattress after reading all of the GREAT reviews on it. We were so happy to be getting a queen size mattress at such a good deal and with so many good reviews. With much anticipation we waited a week for it to be delivered to the store. We picked it up yesterday Jan. 15, 2010. We got it home and opened the mattress. It expanded very quickly and we were able to lay on it within an hour. It did have a smell but wasnt very noticable unless you lay on it. We were so excited. That night as we were gettin ready for bed we noticed that the mattress was very soft until you sink down into it and when we did it felt hard as a rock. I felt like i was laying on the floor. I woke up at 7 am with back pain and just simply pain all over. Its 3:44pm and i am still feeling pain in my shoulder and back. I wish we never bought this mattress. Today we will be going to meijers to find a topper to see if that helps. If not im 100% sure we are will be sending this back to walmart to get our money back. DO NOT BUY THIS MATTRESS PLEASE UNLESS YOU LIKE LAYING ON A HARD FLOOR!
Bed never rose to the 8" it was supposed to be. After buying a 4" memory foam topper (from the same manufacturer which only rose to 3") it is comfortable.
When I ordered the mattress, I expected it to look like a regular mattress but it looks more like a mattress topper and density of memory foam is low. It is rolled like a mattress topper and came in a box.
A year ago I bought a Signature Sleep 8" Memory Foam Mattress from Walmart and loved it so much, I bought another Memory Foam Mattress this year. However, I didn't pay attention to the brand and this year I ordered a Spa Sensations 8" Memory Foam Mattress. Big difference; the Signature Sleep is much firmer and provides much better support. Wish I'd ordered it instead!
I bought htis bed due to affordable price and because my old bed was sunk in so ithurted my back. This was a great mattress for the first week. After that the side i laid on started sinking in. My body especially upper body was molded into bed. I decided to sleep on the other side and a week later that got worn as well. My daughter slept on it with me and even said it sunk in. When we both laid on it the middle would sink in. I have worse backache now that with my old 8 year old bed. This is a very bad quality bed. I read the bad reviews but didnt think Id have the bad experience but i did. I have to return this this weekend since its only 2 months old. Listen to the bad reviews. I weigh 175lbs and it sank in sooooo soon. The feet part is firm on the bed but other places where there has been weight on it , is soft and sinked in, worn out already. I hate this bed and im happy i can return it. After a few weeks it will sink in. I would not order foam mattresses from walmart anymore. I did order a coil one though and i hope its much firmer and longer lasting than this one.
I bought this thing in the hopes it would alleviate some lower back aches I am having with regular spring mattress. I usually sleep on a firm mattress and some reviews had indicated this would fit the bill. Coupled with the form fitting nature of memory foam I thought I would be sleeping in heaven. Boy was I wrong. This thing is super soft. I sink right in it when in the middle. The sides are a little bit better but still too soft. The irony is that it causes excruciating back pain now. I weigh only 82Kilo so I can't imagine my weight being a problem.

Was really hoping for the best.
ever since I bought this product I couldn't sleep at all. the odor is bad and the mattress is soft for me. I m returning this.
I'm so disappointed in this mattress and I had high hopes with decent reviews. I followed the directions exactly. I received the mattress and unwrapped it same day. I laid it on my slatted bed to expand. Here I am 5 days later and the highest point on the mattress is 5" and it's an 8" mattress. It's lumpy and different heights throughout. The cover it comes with is so loose because it's not even close to filling it out. I even turned up the heat in the room as I thought maybe the cold weather was effecting it. Clearly it will not meet the 8". I would even accept it at 7" but it's barely higher than my side rails. Now I have to take it back which is a pain and get something else. Doesn't seem like this is a problem across the board but it was for me. I was going to test this Queen mattress out in my guest room in the hopes that I loved it and then purchase the thickest size available in King for my master. Not so much.
I was surprised to see a mattress show up in a box. I thought ok this might work. The mattress was supposed to inflate to 8 inches in width but not even close. We gave it an extra 4 days to hopefully reach the expected height or thickness it was supposed to. We then had to figure out how to return an inflated full size mattress. Not fun. Had to return.
This isn't the first Spa Sensations mattress I've purchased. But it's the first one I bought from them under their new name Spa Resolution. The mattress still had not decompressed properly after 10 days. I called customer service. The less-than-interested representative told me to send photos and proof of purchase. I did so, and received no reply. I wrote again a week later and, as of this review, remain ignored. I expected to be as pleased with this mattress as I was of the previous one. Sadly, I am completely disappointed in my decision to be a repeat customer.
Slept on it one night, like sleeping on cement. No give to it at all. That's why it only cost $179.
I was skeptical at the great price, but with all the glowing reviews I decided to give it a try. I've had this for 3 weeks now, and am finally giving up and returning it. The corners barely expanded to 4" thick, and the centers at best got to 5-6". It looks like a "half mattress" on my bed, and my fitted sheets are all loose on it because it's so thin. It never expanded anywhere close to the 8" it claims to be. Plus, I know these things smell a little at the beginning, but it took almost 2 weeks for the smell to go away on this one. The first few days, I had to open the windows to air out my place in 35 deg weather because it was giving me a headache.
This mattress was purchased to be used on occasion for a camper. After 6 months, the mattress ended up with a dip in the middle of it. I notified the company and they told me to send photos. I sent the photos and the response was "we see no dip" and have basically threw their hands up in the air.
Very disappointed.
The bed did not decompress to 8 inches it was about six inches and it came as a full not a queen. We were told to destroy it but we gave it to Goodwill.
After reading several of the reviews, it seems incredulous that high praise is heaped on the 8" Spa Sensations with little as 4 hours after opening the mattress. Both ends of the mattress (see pictures) are at 5" and 4" expanded, respectively. What appears most unusual is the mid section (pictured) dips so that the surface for would not provide proper support. I will give this another couple of days to see if there are changes in appearance, then as for a replacement. I am sure this must be a fluke base on all the positive comments. P.S.: rather interesting that the label indicates Outer Cover: 100% polyester cover Inner Cover: 100% GLASS FIBER (is this stuff safe?)
missing foam on sides, & coming un laminated. Have 10 inch that is ok
This mattress only expanded to 7". I opened it and let it sit for 5 days in hopes of it getting to 8". I didn't sleep on it until after the 5th day. I am very disappointed with this mattress and will not buy or recommend this to anyone.
I am so embarrassed that I even gave this mattress to my daughter for Christmas. It is still only at at about 6inches after 4days when you sit or sleep on it you can feel the box spring. Now I have to figure out how to get it back in the box to return it... What a great inconvenience and my daughter has to sleep on the couch until we get a new mattress since we threw the old one out when we recieved this one.
I purchased this mattress for myself a few years back - with doubts. On the first night, those doubts disappeared. It's the most comfortable bed I've ever slept on, bar none; and for 15 years I traveled constantly - so I've slept on a lot of beds. There is no UNcomfortable position. Quite often, I'll fall asleep (MUCH quicker than I used to) in one position, and I'll awaken in the same position 6 or 7 hours later. No more back aches or stiff necks. Even my husband loves this mattress when he used to prefer sleeping on the floor due to back problems. I can't think of a single thing that I don't like about it. Since I love mine so much, I purchased one for each of my kids. Just wanted to spread the love! Don't spend an extraordinary amount of money for the brand name bed - This one is just as good without the price tag.

Other notes:

Don't worry if it doesn't reach the full 8" the first day. It will eventually fill out.

You can drape your leg over the edge of the bed in comfort.

Mine has shown no signs of losing it's shape or wear since I first bought it years ago.

You CAN NOT feel your partner moving on the bed. Don't worry about disturbing your partner if you get up repeatedly during the night.

If you're a woman, you can lie on your stomach without discomfort in the chest. :)
I read all the reviews before I got this mattress. I was very happy with what I saw that I bought it.
I'm so glad I did because it's a great mattress and very comfy. The only thing is about the smell when you open the package, but it goes away in about 2 or 3 days. it's was good for me because I read about this problem and I opened it and left stand in the bedroom for 3 days before I moved in, so it was ready for a great night of sleep.
it is a very good product for the price...
I love it...
This is a very firm matress. If you are not use to a firm matress it will take a while to get use to this. There is a smell when you first open the box but it goes away in a couple of days. I would reccomend some type of topper because the mattress does hold heat. Overall I have slept on it for 3 weeks and I am satisfied.
I absolutely love love love my 8 inch foam mattress. I've been reading the reviews on this product forever and finally just decided to place the order. It is everything I imagined it to be and more. It feels delightfully soft and cushy yet is firmly supportive. I sleep so incredibly well on this i just don't want to get up, ever! Amazing value! I've been showing it off to all my friends that come over and they're all super jealous. Just get it and enjoy it :)
After reading reviews and comparisons on two independent sites, I ordered the 8" Spa Sensations Memory Foam Mattress. I have had it several weeks and it is everything it was attributed to be. I picked it up in the afternoon, not intending to use it that night to allow it to expand as directed, but by nightfall it had expanded to full size and gave me a very comfortable sleep. I was concerned about the odor that had been mentioned in the reviews, as I am very sensitive. I would characterize the odor as very vague and somewhat like a newly sharpened pencil-not offensive to me. My previous mattresses have been latex and I was concerned about the "hot" factor of memoryfoam; I don't find a "hot" problem. I like a firm mattress, and this one is just right, not like sleeping on the floor or like sinking into a pile of feathers.
I have used this maatess for app. 3 mo. and am very happy. I have brain damage and therefor spend a lot of time in bed. This has elimated the majority of my pain. Being in bed is much more pleasant now.
Good buy. The mattress came rolled up in a box, which kind of freaked me out. However, when I took it out and rested it on the floor it was perfectly normal, the plastic smells goes away after a while and it is better that spending thousands in a furniture store for a therapeutic mattress.
I have a 6 inch twin and an 8 inch king size, I like both but would recomend the 8 inch for the more cuschion and depth.
I have a very expensive Serta, Vera Wang memory foam bed and this bed is pretty darn close to the comfort. I wanted a nice bed for my 3 year old moving from a crib/day bed to a full size and this was an excellent choice. It took about 3 days for the bed to fully "fluff" out, but once it did...WOW! I was impressed. My 3 yr old now sleeps for about 12 hours at a time and I catch myself napping with him in his bed during the day. He is excited about going to bed and snuggling up in this new mattress. It is a very impressive product, especially for the price. Great for a guest room or kids room. I bought the smart base to go with it (therefore no box spring) and it is a great set-up for less than $300! You can't beat that for a memory foam bed....and the comfort it provides.1
THIS BED IS GREAT. it comes nicely packaged in a box that can easily fit into the back seat of a car. the chemical smell some people complain of really isn't bad at all, i thought it was going to be much worse with how some people made it sound in other reviews, and i'm really sensitive to smells. the smell was gone entirely within 48 hours, and the mattress had taken full shape in roughly 12 hours. it's SO COMFORTABLE! it easily compares to the much more expensive name brand memory foam beds. i'm 9 months pregnant, and i really don't know how i made it sleeping on our old spring mattress (mind you, we bought it brand new not even a year ago before i couldn't stand it anymore) i would definitely recommend this to anyone, especially if you have trouble sleeping, are pregnant, or just want the most comfortable bed ever.
Ordered for my daughter. She loves it. The first night my husband and I fell asleep on it. Will be ordering one of these in a queen size very soon.
This matress is wonderful. I bought it for my son's room. He is in college and has a room at the dorm. The college is only 5 miles from our home. My son said, "why are you buying a new matress for my bed, I am not going to be home to use it." Well, the kid now comes home every night to sleep. LOL. He loves that mattress so much and I just can't believe he comes home every night now to sleep on it. You can't go wrong on this one. It does have an odor at first but it does go away in about two days.
This mattress is amazing! I can't believe that something this comfortable came out of a box! It didn't take long for it to rise to it's full height and I love that it has the removable cover so it can be washed Also, it pairs perfectly with the Spa Sensations steel smart bed frame
I have been more than happy with this purchase. I've always wanted a memory foam mattress but couldn't afford one and I was skeptical of this one but it feels great and I sleep like a baby. The only problem is I simply don't want to get out of bed in the morning.
don't know if thats a good thing... if you want memory foam this is the way to go!
Let's get the "but" out of the way. The 8" is perfect for child - teen or small to average adult. If you are over 190 lbs you will most likely find that 10"-12" would suit you better if you are using only the mattress on a platform. What that means is, you will feel the platform through the 8" mattress if you are over 190 lbs and put weight on your elbows knees etc.

Being that it is a twin we are talking about, it will most likely appeal to those that are purchasing for children and for this you can't go wrong.

That said, my teen aged son loves it and so do I. I am well over 300 lbs and I spent the night on it and loved it. I must add that I included 2 inches of foam under the mattress since I had that laying around, this made it so that even my 300 lbs could not feel the platform through the mattress.

IT is hard to describe, you lay on the bed and you sink into it but it supports you where you need it yet somehow takes pressure off of the normal pain points. For instance, I will normally change sides many times a night on my spring mattress due to aching shoulders. On the Memory foam I did not feel the need to do that but once or twice and it was more out of force of habit that I switched sides not because I was in pain. My back felt wonderful in the morning.

To sum up, my next mattress review will be the spa sensations 12" Memory Foam mattress for me and my wife
I chose to write this because the reveiws I read helped be decide to purchase this bed. I have had it since spring 2008, and it is still firm. I love this bed...
I purchased this for my grandson- a college student who lives off campus , He is very happy with it.
I love this memory foam mattress
My sleep is restful and no tossing and turning just good nites rest
This mattress is firm yet extremely comfortable molding to the body. I used this in combination with the "premier platform bed frame" which is a metal fold-able frame. Most everyone would want at least a full size. However for those with smaller living spaces and smaller than average body size, I can confirm that a twin will be sufficient. I do not toss or turn at night, so I don't notice the smaller size. Another great aspect is that it will be a breeze to move this mattress when I move. Same thing for the special platform base. It's very misleading just how much storage will fit even under the twin. The 14" of height can be fully concealed with a bed skirt, allow many items to be placed underneath. I highly recommend purchasing the two products together.

I use this bed in my studio much like a couch, I actually gave away my love seat and sitting chair when I purchased this bed. I only use my folding chairs with cushions for dining or doing office type activity. I have so much more open space now.

The other aspect I want to address is that I purchased 3 different levels of protection for this mattress. Why? Because any substantial amount of moisture will cause a major health issue. I use one vinyl mattress cover which may not be a recommendable thing to do, but I did it anyhow. Then one allergen barrier more cloth like encasement. Then on top of that a allergen barrier mattress pad which slips over just the sides and top of the mattress. This way I can wash only mattress pad cover, and still have two layers of protection that will retain their full strength unwashed. This method is expensive, but I believe will be well worth it to allow the mattress to last until it wears out from use.

From what I have read even larger sized bodies find this mattress comfortable however I'm coming from the perspective of a smaller person. I do have a lot of body and joint pain. So I can say quite comfortably that this mattress will help to relieve symptoms similar to arthritis. Since I seem to have a body type and pain issues more of that of a very elderly individual I feel quite comfortable saying this mattress may be ideal for the elderly.

For pillow I purchased the dual sided memory foam pillow extra firm. I did the same thing of buying a vinyl encasement and over that using an allergen barrier encasement I will wash. personally I really enjoy satin pillow case and sheets.
Me & my boyfriend were real iffy on buying this because it was so cheap, but we love it & its so comforotable! Exactly what we wanted!
very comfortable-easy to set up-very reasonably price for this type of product
I could not sleep in a regular (separator) mattress due to severe back problems. Then I moved to my own place and got one of these mattress and have been sleeping sound ever since. Wish we had this mattress before we broke up...
We were in search of a new mattress because 1. our pillowtop was ten years old and sagging where we slept and 2. my doctor recommended a memory foam mattress for my back problems. We looked at the ridiculously expensive tempurpedic and then found the Spa Sensations on Walmart.com. I was obviously a bit hesitant at the price, but for only $214 and the option to return it, I felt we couldn't lose anything. I was pleasantly surprised. I would wake up each morning with aches and pains, but those have subsided some since sleeping on the new mattress. My only complaint about this mattress is that we ordered the 8" and not the 10" or 12". I prefer a thicker mattress, therefore making by bed appear bigger. I'm not sure if the increased thickness has any impact on sleep quality, but perhaps I will put the 8" on my guest bed and order a thicker mattress for my own. All in all, it is a good mattress and I'm pleased with the product that I received. The price cannot be beat either.
What a bargain! I finally purchased this mattress after weeks of research. I contemplated over the 12' or the 8' and well we went with the 8'. We could not be happier. This mattress is firm yet comfy. I like how you slowly sink in and it slowly rises; very similar to the tempurpedic. We currently have the mattress on a platform bed that we also purchased from Walmart. (Laguna Queen Platform bed) this works excellent. Just the right height and right amount of comfort. Overall, we have been sleeping better compared to spring mattresses. I would HIGHLY recommend this product. This was an excellent asset to our room.
We put this mattress in the guest room, but really wish we could have it in our master bedroom. It's awesome!
I bought the memory foam a few weeks ago and I love sleeping on it. I have a bad back and nerve damage in my legs and I do not wake with alot of pain. I was a little disappointed that the mattress only is 7 inches.
I'm currently deployed to Afghanistan and was hesitant to purchase this mattress for quite some time now. The last straw was when my back was hurting so bad from the "local" mattresses that I couldn't bear it anymore! I am so satisfied with this product that I have been preaching about this to my coworkers and they have all purchased one as well. The shipping was $25, but it was well worth it and it came fairly quickly! I should be a spokesperson for Spa Sensations as much as I "preach" about this mattress. Best investment Ive made in a while!!!
Bought this mattress based on reviews, I have not had a single regret. We have had the mattress for two years and I am needing to buy more mattresses for our kids and realized I haven't written a review. It sleeps the same now as day 1. Does get a little warm at times but the ceiling fan handles that aspect. Great for the money, cannot compare to typical mattresses.
I purchased the 8" mattress so I could get rid of my very old Sears mattress and box spring. My idea was not to use a box spring and make a base that would fold flat to the wall, so i could get to the items I store under the bed, and by not using a box spring, I have more height under the bed for storage , It is 14" under the platform base, so taller items fit under it!!!!.

The pick up at Wal Mart was simple, The price was great !! Oddly it took a week for me to adjust to the feel of the new foam mattress , but now I sleep better and have a new clean sanitary bed to sleep on .

I have also been using a thick comforter as a top cover to keep the mattress clean and add a "pillow top" feel . So far no complaints and I have been using it for 2 months, A big plus is the added storage, that folks with small closets or limited storage will appreciate. 6/28/13
Certainly a firm feeling bed but very comfortable for me. It is great how you do not feel the other sleeper moving and I don't have to be so careful moving myself. It does get warmer than a non memory foam bed but not a problem for me. It expanded perfectly out of the box to an 8 inch mattress but it did take a full day and a half to be completely done. One reason I bought it is I like the height of an 8 inch mattress....some of the mattresses sold are so tall and hard to get sheets onto. This mattress makes up nice and neatly with sheets and looks crisp and the bed is not too tall. Amazing for the approximately $200..feels as good as a $5,000 bed.
Firm but not hard. Great support.
We bought this for our 7 year old and he loves it. We are so happy that we ordered one for our 13 year old. We have had the 12" for us for over 4 years, which I would recommend for full grown adults. Way better than a traditional mattress!
super comfy!!
We purchased a much more expensive mattress a little over a year ago and after 7 months it was packed out and killing my back (I weigh 120lbs). My massage therapist recommend this one. She bought one herself and said it was great. She's had hers for 3 years and it still looks and feels brand new. So we decided to give it a try and we love it. Helped my back and neck pain tremendously.
very comfortable, easy to set up, and a great price We use it for our guest rooms for when the kids come home and they love the beds!
We bought this for our camper that we just bought. We slept soooooo good!And, I woke up without being sore! You know how,when you visit company that you haven't seen in awhile,and you say your goodbyes; but,you have to go back and give them just one more hug? Well, that's how I felt about this product!! LOL....I just didn't want to leave it behind! We are DEFINITLY getting one for at home!! And the delivery service was EXCEPTIONAL as well!! We were expecting to get it within 5-7 days and got it in 2 days!
Have bought two king size mattress and wanted to update two twin beds- would replace all mattress with this product-BEST NIGHT sleep !!!love this product!
I HAD THIS DELIVERED TO MY GRANPARENTS, FOR THEIR LIVE-IN HOME HEALTH AIDE. THEY NEEDED A BED FOR HER, AND IT WAS DELIVERED IN FINE ORDER, EASY TO SET-UP, AND MOST IMPORTANTLY, SHE LOVES IT, SAID IT IS VERY COMFORTABLE. SHE HAS A DIFFICULT AND ADMIRABLE JOB, I'M GLAD SHE CAN SLEEP AND REST COMFORTABLY IN BETWEEN TAKING CARE OF MY GRANDPARENTS. MY GRANDMOTHER IS NOT HAPPY WITH HOSPITAL BED AT ALL, AND THAT MAKES ME VERY SAD. IT WAS MANDATORY FOR HER OWN SAFETY (A BED WITH SIDE RAILS) WHEN SHE WAS DISCHARGED FROM THE NURSING FACILITY SHE WAS AT. I AM GOING TO PURCHASE A 2-IN MEMORY FOAM MATTRESS-TOPPER FOR HER, AND AM HOPEFUL SHE WILL BE MORE COMFORTABLE. THANK YOU WALMART!
I never want to leave this bed. It sleeps well, I feel refreshed and I don't feel my partner tossing which is great for sleep. It's AMAZING for the price. All around good investment.
I bought the twin size so I could stay in my daughter's apartment when visiting from out of state. I've been sleeping on this for a week and have it on the floor on top of carpet. With 8 inches and the internal structure of the mattress I can't feel the floor at all when rolling over or sitting or kneeling on it. I've slept on an air mattress before and sleeping on air is very cold. A sleeping bag or a down comforter underneath compresses and the cold comes through. Then I tried a foam topper on the air mattress and the slight comfort improvement didn't outweigh the expense and total investment in the 2 pieces. The Spa Sensations is cozy and warm and stable; it feels like a real bed. I'm very happy with this purchase. Would definitely buy again.
I wish I ordered this sooner. Amazing deal. I'm not exaggerating when I say this, but it was on my porch the day after I ordered it (with free shipping). I'm glad I checked out Walmart.com before I ordered from Amazon. Walmart has free shipping. Way to go Walmart.
I have had this mattress for over six mo. and I love it. I used to go to a local hotel that recently updated their beds and i would wish I could take home their very comfortabled bed but now I wish I could bring my bed to the hotel. I am a heavy person of over 200 both me and my partner sleep very well on this bed and I cant feel the boxspring underneath.
Super easy setup and all night comfort!
I was skeptical, but saw the reviews so I thought I'd try this out. This bed is incredibly firm and comfortable, and I fall asleep right away. I've noticed that I don't seem to have as much back pain. My dogs love it so much they don't want to get off of it!

I also figured that there would be a horrible smell when I opened it, but there wasn't, which was nice! Be careful though, if you pick this item up from the store, you'll probably need an extra set of hands to bring it your house as it is quite heavy!
Love this mattress. My back feels so much better. Its so comfortable I dont even want to get out of bed.
It arrived in time within a week. I was skeptical about purchasing a mattress in a box but its amazing how fast it expanded into an 8 inch mattress. The smell faded after a few hours. It is the most comfortable mattress Ive ever slept on for the price. Would buy again. Thank you everyone for the good reviews or I never would have bought
I love this mattress. I was so close to purchasing another mattress with coils and springs and suddenly found this one. So happy. It is so firm and plush. I don't sink into my mattress like I did with my old one. this new one i sty up high and comfortable and sleep all night. I know there is no perfect mattress but I truly believe this may be it. Trust me you won't be disappointed.
Due to bad hips, I was unable to get a good nights sleep. With this product I can sleep the night thru, it's also affordable, can get comfort without spending a fortune.
I didnt have great expectations for this mattress but boy was I wrong. I weigh just under 300 lbs and bought the King size for my girlfriend and myself. The mattress is great. Best nights sleep i ever had the first 2 nights!
I have previously owned a $2000 queen-sized Cloud Supreme Tempurpedic which was amazing and worth the money I spent on it. I needed a twin bed and wanted memory foam but didn't want to spend over $1000 again. I did a lot of reseach and found that the cheaper memory foam knockoffs still rate higher than even the most expensive spring-based mattresses. I was SKEPTICAL. I thought at $149 this would be a small gamble to take. I am glad I did. The mattress is just as comfortable as my Tempurpedic at 1/10th the cost! It is a bit firmer though, but as the rest of the reviews recommend I'm just going to buy a 2" topper to soften it up. Hard to believe the bang for the buck you get with this. It's a total steal.

The mattress took about a day and a half to expand fully and the "off gassing" lasted less than a week and wasn't even that strong.
Replaced the two inch foam mattresses that bottomed out in our camper. These new mattresses took a little getting used to but became very comfortable after the first couple days. They were a little wide for the bunks so the first thing we had to do was to trim off three inches on each of the two we purchased. You can make these about any shape and maybe even good for a boat's berth etc. We used an electric knife and it cut really well. it has two covers, one is an enclosed casing that had to be slit to have access to the foam and the outer case can just be unzipped for access. It wasn't too difficult and worked out really well. They are much heavier than anticipated and really expanded after removing the vacuum packed case. Once the vacuumed packed case has been cut you have to work fast to get the mattresses out as they expand rapidly! Make sure you have them where you want them before opening! We currently use these everyday and have had these for two weeks now and they are comfortable but we'll see how they hold up in the long run. The shipping was great! Ordered them on a Wednesday and received them on Saturday! Very pleased with them so far!
I have to admit that I was worried that this mattress was so inexpensive. It took me about 3 days to adjust to the bed since it is much firmer than I am used to, but now I absolutely love it. It is firm, but still gives just enough to fit your individual curves. I now wake up without any hip or back pain. I am very happy with my purchase.
I was a bit skeptical about purchasing a mattress online that I couldn't see or touch. However, once I received the box 3 days after purchase at my front door and opened it I was VERY pleased. Not only was the shipping convienent so was the mattress. It is perfect and for $209.99 (Queen size) I was very shocked at how well it sleeps and how easy it was to remove from the box. I used it the same night I opened it!!!! This is a must buy!!!
I was a little nervous when me and my husband decided to buy a new mattress and of all a memory foam one. When the mattress arrived via FedEx It came all packed up in a box and sealed perfectly. I did everything just the way the instructions told me to, the odor that it talks about is not that bad at all, just like a packed sealed tight smell of a new product didn't both me at all. It says to let it fully come back to its shape within 48 hours so while it was sitting there coming to shape and was for about 3-4 hours i decided to lay on it and oh my gosh I was in heaven right away. Its so soft and comfy. I am so glad that we made the choice to buy this! I wouldn't have it any other way. If you are new to memory foam mattress like we were I would suggest getting one of these for such a great price! I know we will use that mattress for along time! Ive never been happier with my bed! I was also worried about it only being 8" but with our new bed-frame that we got from Walmart it fits perfect. TRY IT! :)
I was also reading the reviews and I member someone saying that they did not get papers with their product, We did. We also registered it online. 5 Year warranty PERFECT!
We bought this for our trailer, yes we are those type of campers. :). We love it. My husband had to trim it a little to fit but that was no big deal. Comes rolled up and it takes awhile to get to its full size but I am extremely happy. We received it faster than expected as well.
Bought two for our girls' bunk beds. Mattress expanded to 8 inches after the two day period. Comfortable and well made. My only complaint is the site to store time was late by FIVE days, but that is a poor reflection on Walmart, not the mattress.
This is a true 8" Mattress. Easy setup and fast delivery. Very comfortable.
My surgeon suggested using a recliner chair to recover from shoulder surgery. The surgery was going to be on the right and I would have no use of the arm for at least six weeks. I needed a better plan. I purchases this mattress along with the Pragma adjustable bed frame. The mattress took less than the expected time to reach its full height and I never noticed any smell. The bed frame was also as great as advertised. It slid out of the carton easily and I had it together in minutes despite my rheumatoid arthritis!
Back to the mattress. The first two nights it felt a bit stiff but now feels wonderful. I plan on using this even after my recovery.
Exactly what we needed for a guest room. Other reviewers mentioned a slight odor upon opening. We had no problem with that and also it opened to it's full size very quickly! Very happy with this mattress, and would recommend it.
I had purchased one of these for the twin bed in the "guest" bedroom, but after sleeping on that one few times myself, I decided to go ahead and get one for my room too! I went ahead and purchased a full size - along with the frame - and it is everything as intended and expected! Price was right, quality is good, it easily bulked up within 48 hours, it's firm - yet soft - and it's been just plain dreamy sleeping on it! I'd recommend one of these to anyone. It sure beats paying full price for branded merchandise - especially when the quality is comparable!
I just got this a few days ago and put it straight on the carpeted floor, since my bed hasn't arrived yet. This really is the most comfortable mattress I have EVER slept on. I bought it for the spare bedroom but I will be swapping it to the main bedroom because it is just too wonderful to sleep on. I also like the natural ingredients used. Buy it. You will fall asleep faster and wake up feeling good. Kudos for making a fine and affordable product.
Expanded to full size in 1 day, very comfortable, no problems at all
This bed is Great ! and the price is even better.
I strongly recommed this bed to anyone with lower back pain, - Buy It - It's just a Great Bed!
Just another note ! This 8" memory foam mattress replaced a $ 1,499.00 brand new Sleep Number Bed that we had purchased just 3 weeks prior - I can truely say their is no comparission in comfort - The Sleep Number Bed is a piece of over priced junk !
Buy the Memory Foam Matress !
I really like this mattress. it's firm yet very comfortable to sleep on. Although it's not really a total of 8", more like 6.5". Still the best mattress that I have had in many years. First time in years that I have not woke up with a sore back.
Make sure that you read the instructions in the envelope stuck to the inside of the box before opening the mattress. You also want to have it where you intend to use it when you open it. (rather heavy to move)
All in all a great item for the low price.
Love it slept on it for acouple years this is my second marttress
I've been sleeping on this mattress for aboit 3 weeks now. I only have great reviews! Very comfortable, extremely fast shipping, and the price is just right. Definitely recommend!
Better than I expected! I thought that the mattress would be uncomfortable because of the low price, but, I was truly impressed with the quality and comfort. Best night sleep in forever!!!!!
Have slept on this mattress for almost 4 months now and while I still am not a great sleeper I am waking up in a lot less pain than before (hip bursitis and knee pains).
We purchased this for our son and he loves it!
I needed a low cost option as I will only need it for less than a year. Since this is a relatively cheap option, I was worried it would give me back problems. Nope! Amazing! Great value for the money and a perfect amount of firmness and softness.
It's like sleeping on a cloud.
We're very pleased with the ease of ordering since this product was not available in our local store.
It arrived as promised despite a notice that it was back-ordered. Our guests reported a comfortable bed and it is 100% better than the roll-out sofa.
It is perfect! This is my first memory foam mattress and I love it! When I opened it after 5 minutes it was at 7" then I checked again after an hour and it was already fully expanded to 8". There was a slight smell but it wasn't too bad and it was gone after a couple of hours. It is very comfortable and I can not feel my husband moving at night! He used to wake me up a lot with his constant moving around but now with this mattress I can sleep through the night! You just can't beat this great deal! Great mattress with a great price!
8'' foam mattress advertisement is accurate on my twin sized order. it expanded within minutes and did not even take 24hrs to expand to its true 8" size; only took a few hours with mine. i guess i got the perfect one-cheap(compared to $500 or more in other stores), comfy, perfect size for my room. i likes it
Shipment was fast, had it in 4 days. We needed to replace the mattress that was in our RV. All the information that was listed is correct, no surprises here. Very comfortable. Thinking about replacing our Queen in the house now. Hard to believe a Memory Foam Mattress at this price, but it is true and worth the money.
reviews i read said that there might be an odor, was not bad and did not last but one night. it did inflate to the 8 inches that is the mattress size, i measured. sleeps very good, it forms around your body and gives support. very good quality so far, well worth the money.
My house is designed so I can only get a full size mattress up the stairs. I have owed my house for 10 years and have been stuck with a full size mattress. I was so happy when I found out this mattress comes in a box. I took my chances and decided to buy the king size mattress. I was so impressed when I took it out of the box that it expanded into a king size. I have not been disappointed and have owed the mattress for several weeks. I got my money's worth and I have had a good nights sleep every night.
Well its been 3 yrs since I purchased the queen size and needless to say it has exceeded my expectations, recommended to a friend who bought it a couple of weeks ago.
though heavy and hard to handle when it is unwrapped and expands, this mattress is firmly giving to a tired, aching body.
We bought this to replace my sons old mattress. At first when opening it even after a few hours it was not very thick at all and I was concerned. But just give it time and it will fill out to its full size. It probably took 12 to 24 hours for it to reach its full size. I wasn't sure if an 8 inch mattress would be thick enough but it is just fine. I weigh 200 lbs and I can lay on it and it feels very thick. I like how it forms to your body when you lay on it. The bed is very comfortable and my son loves it. If you need a new mattress I'd highly recommend getting a memory foam. It does have a smell to it at first but this went away after a few days.
Waited almost 2 weeks before I could even order them as the items were out of stock. I guess that already was a testament to the popularity of this mattress. Matrress is definitely on the firm side, if you prefer that or like to listen to your chiropractors then you should be happy. Bought it for 8 and 6 year olds. The eight year old loves it and said it's so comfortable to sleep in. 6 year old seemed unimpressed and said it's the same as his previous spring mattress though lately he's saying it's actually more comfy than the old one. Does have a VERY faint chemical smell that's still present at a week or so later. Never bothered me or the 8 year old but the 6 year old refused to sleep in it the first couple of days. I briefly laid down on it and my aching knee that was acting up at the time actually stopped aching, I guess due to the contour surface support of the mattress because on the spring mattress it just keeps aching. Really should try sleeping whole night in it one of these days. Only question is: how long would they last or stay in good form. Since these mattresses are substantially cheaper and you do get what you paid for, and as good as they are now, I suspect their durability should not be that great. But, would I buy it again, hopefully not for at least a couple years, when the matresses wear out? Yes, because for now it just seems to be the best and cheapest alternative to the pricier higher-quality foam matresses. Basically, for the price, you would be hard pressed to find one better on the market now. And this is my 2 pennies worth, hope it helped.
Mattress is a little harder at first but then it becomes more comfortable when it conforms to your body as you sleep. Really like that it didn't cost too much.
This mattress is amazing! It came 8 days before it was sheduled to arive and it did have a weird smell at first but it was full size and ready to sleep on that night! I had to put a tv in my room cause I hate leaving my bed now! It's firm enough to provide support but soft enough to feel like a cloud!
I ordered this because every morning I awoke with a backache. I am sleeping better each night and no aches in the morning. I highly recommend it for the comfort and the price.
Bought this for my daughters twin bed. Great price and she loves it! Thinking of buying a King for my bed.
I bought this mattress for my son. He is in love with it. It is soft and durable. I love that it has a removable pad that can be washed and is lightweight.
This was a combination Birthday/Christmas gift for my son and he LOVES it. Thank You.
I wanted to replace our current mattress with a memory foam mattress. I went to several clearance centers and looked online for a mattress and reviews. I found this Spa Sensations Memory Foam Mattress at Walmart.com for $200.00 (similar mattresses were $500.00 plus) and it had very good ratings with over 3,000 reviews. I ordered the mattress and received it in about 4-days. The mattress came in a box and I unpacked it and waited the required 48-hours for it to settle. The mattress is very comfortable and you cannot beat the price. We are very happy with our purchase and you cannot go wrong with this mattress.
You can buy a much higher priced Memory Foam Mattress and sleep on it 5 years then replace it with another, but why do that when you can spend less money, get a great mattress that really sleeps well, for under $200 bucks and that's delivered to your door (free)!!! Even if you replace it every 5 years you will spend less money... I wouldn't hesitate to buy another one!!!
It solved my problems. I live in a studio. and didn't buy a bed to save space. After a while, my back was hurting so bad in the morning from sleeping on the floor, I missed a day from work. That day I went on walmart and got this bed. other sites sell this type of memory foam bed for like a hundred bucks more. So, this is a bargain. I ordered this Twin sized mattress on Wednesday, and got it on Friday. Fast delivery. One week later, my back pain is completely gone. This was a great buy. Will recommend.
I read all the reviews before I bought this bed as I try to research before a purchase. The results were exactly as others said, great bed, comfortable, after the box was opened it inflated after a few minutes, the smell was very low (if at all). The next mattress I buy will be a spa sensations bed. This was for our son then for a guest room He is 6 foot 2 and it is great for his size. My parents are disabled and will be the guests and now they can sleep in luxury. Thank you to all the other people who took the time to rate this mattress.
Aside from the smell of spray paint ( which is expected and easily fixed) it is one of the softest mattresses ever. It is cheaper than most well known companies but fornthe price, its a bargain.
I was concerned about buying a mattress for less than $1000. I can't believe how comfotable the mattress is and how it looks like a real mattress. I am really upset how much money I spent on spring mattresses and how long I endured back pain because I was saving to buy a great mattress the next time around. My husband bought this mattress as a temporary one until we could afford a better one. We are no longer looking for a mattress. Future replacements will be made with this same mattress. I have already told co workers and family about them so they won't make the same mistakes I made.
Great mattress for my daughter. Comfort at an afordable price.
I used to wake with a back ache every morning but now I don't have one when I get up. The only problem I have is that I get too hot at night. very comfy otherwise.
I have never had such a wonderful Mattress. I wake up refreshed and rested every night.
This was only available online, shipping took 5 business days. It was easy to open and move around. It took about 3 to 4 hours for the foam mattress to fully inflate. Make sure to measures the foam when it's fully inflated. Mine was exactly at the 8 inches mark. Does not smell and it was very comfortable. We put it on the floor without a stand, since my daughter rolls around a lot, it's safer that way. Once you use foam mattress you wont want to go back to a spring mattress.
Are there better mattresses out there YES but a good review should take price into consideration.

This mattress is not be same quality as a thousand dollar mattress, but it also doesn't claim to be and is less than two hundred for a full sized mattress. We purchased this mattress for our 8 year olds bunk bed and are very pleased. No funny odors as some people have claimed and it was easy to unpack. The foam is high enough density that it doesn't mash through the slats of her top bunk and is very comfortable. Most of these foam mattresses tend to be firmer than traditional mattress but when you lay on it, it forms to your body pretty well. All in all, pleased.
I was a little skeptical spending under $200 on a full mattress from WalMart....but I couldn't be happier!!! This mattress is amazing!!!! I was a little surprised when I saw the box but trust me, the mattress is in there. My daughter loves this bed and I would totally recommend it to anyone.
Very comfortable mattress, i was planning to buy a matters from bobs furniture for $349 instead I gave this one a try, is the same or better quality for half of the $$$$.
Purchased for my 18 year old daughter. I wanted to move her from a twin child bed to something more supportive. I didn't want to spend a lot with Christmas coming so soon. I was worried but read reviews on many mattresses. She loves it, says she hates to get out of bed now. It was easy to move, easy to unpack. I put in on a bed frame with slats. Been working great so far.
I love it! I sleep so well on this mattrice!
The bed is very comfortable.
I love love love it. I have a few bad disk's in my back so sleeping was never my favorite activitie. Now I sleep all night and wake up well rested. When my husband get's out of bed I don't wake up because this bed never moves. 8" is all the foam you need for a better nights sleep. This is the first foam mattress we've ever sleep on. I'm very happy with this matterss. There is no need for us to look into any other matterss.
Very comfortable mattress. Easy to set up and expanded to 8 inches. Very good investment
Sleeps very well. We have had air, water, and other memory foam mattresses, but, this one sleeps extremely well. Experienced no odor as other reviews stated, expanded in 2 hours and has been a dream to sleep on since. Great buy!
I have a hospital bed and everyday I faught to keep the covers and myself on the thin, noisy, plastic cover hospital mattress. Then I placed the foam mattress on my hospital bed frame. I slept longer than I ever had before, with no rustling with the cover and that plastic sound Is gone. It felt as if I was sleeping on a cloud..
absolutely love it perfect for my son very comfy and it poped up to 8 inches very quickly awesome mattress perfect for a platform bed
Bought two of these for my boys loft beds. They are incredible! Comfortable and high quality. We are now considering getting a queen size for our bed instead of the sleep number we were looking at. They are honestly so comfortable, and the value is amazing.
Love this mattress! The price is right and my back has never been happier. I had this shipped to my house and it arrived a week ahead of schedule!
The first night I had a great sleep. It is amazing the difference a mattress can make
A friend recommended the Spa Sensation mattress ......... she and her son both purchased the Spa Sensation .......... I needed to replace the mattress in our guest room and this is perfect. If I ever need to replace the one in the master bedroom I wouldn't hesitate to buy another one.
For a guest room - but comfortable & a great value
I bought this for my 10 yr old son. He absolutely loves it. I tried it out and very comfortable.
I'm a 6' 2" guy weighing over 235 lbs. This mattress has the support and comfort I've been looking for in the more expensive mattresses. The shipment was also very convenient and decompression didn't take as long as the instructions said to wait before putting on linens and using it. I would imagine the 12" version would be even better.
If you lay on this bed there is a good chance that you will be sleeping in less than 30 seconds
This is the best mattess I have purchased. My last mattress purchase was 7 years ago and I spent over $3500.00 on the set. It was a pillow top and rated one of the best but like all mattresses it sunk in the middle over time. 4 years ago my mother purchased a mattress like this from Walmart and loved it. I tried it out and decided that my next mattress would be this one. I have spoken to two other family members who purchased mattresses like this (but from a department store) they both spent thousands and theirs feels the same as the one my mother purchased 4 years ago. I have had the mattress for over a week and I have never slept better. I have a bad back so I need support and comfort and this mattress offers both. I would recommend this mattress to anyone; it offers support and comfort at a great price!
This mattress is more comfortable than my $1,300 mattress! I got it for the kids and find myself falling asleep in their room.
Purchased for teen son who is into working out (sore all the time) after had previously purchased for daughters. He loves it and says it helps not feeling as sore in the mornings after workouts. (daughters love them too) Did not notice any weird chemically odors upon opening or even after use. Comparable price to regular mattresses so it was a great value when replacing old mattresses. Received on time. Very pleased!
This mattress exceeded my expectations. Free shipping, fast delivery, it expanded to the full 8 inches in a couple of hours and there was no odor as some other reviews have indicated. It's extremely comfortable and just as good if not better than more expensive mattresses. Don't hesitate to buy it!
We bought it for my camper (the full size where my daughter sleeps) since the OEM was about 3" of nothingness. She absolutely loved it, so much to the point where she wants us to order a 2nd one (queen size) to replace her waterbed mattress.

I laid on it for a few mins, and she's definitely right - very comfortable.
Mattress is just what I expected. It helped to provide support for my back, which I couldn't get from a normal twin size spring mattress. Only negative is that it takes a while to air out and get the smell to go away.
this mattress is very comfy. My husband and I bought one for ourselves years ago and it too is comfy and worth the money. Our grandchildren sleep soundly
Very comfortable and Shipping was super fast. Very happy with everything.
I bought it for my birthday and I'm very satisfied with this mattress.
its seems comfortable and was a lot more then it looked in the picture
love it
This is such an amazing value! It's got a cooling effect so it doesn't get hot like normal memory foam it was delivered in a box n i waited the recommended 48 hours it got to it's full 8 inches and I love sleeping on this! It's comfortable it's like what I dream sleeping on a cloud is like. If u need a very firm mattress this is NOT for u! It's pretty soft but gives u support
This is a great mattress. It's on the firm side, which I prefer, but not too firm for comfort.
Bought this mattress to go in my daughters room. At first I was a little nervous that it would be too firm but it was a great fit. Not only is she sleeping better, but she has had less headaches.
just perfect for the bed frame, sheets fit perfect
Sleeps great and great price too
I love this
I wish shipping was as smooth
I was skeptical buying this bc of bad reviews, but I'm glad I did. My daughter loves it and it's wayyyyy more comfortable than my very expensive memory foam mattress. I wish I had known about this brand a few yrs ago. It is a bit firmer than most memory foam mattresses but that what makes it great. My mattress was almost 3x the price and it kills my back. This mattress, bought for my daughter, causes me no back pain at all. Delivered insanely fast, I got it the next day after placing order. Smelled a bit, but all memory foam does. Aired out faster than my mattress did when I bought it. I highly recommend. I purchased a full size mattress, built a wooden platform form it...no box spring.
This is better than I ever expected. I love it. You just melt in it. You wake up refreshed and ready to go. Best sleep ever.
Bought 2 for a trundle bed. They were delivered within 2 days. Easy to maneuver and open. No smell and they inflated fully within hours. They are firm and provide great support.
This makes the 3rd Spa Sensations Mattress that I have purchased - 1 10" and now 2 8".
We have had very expensive mattresses and we have found this to be more comfortable at a fraction of the cost.
I have had one of them for 3 years at a lake house and another for my 70 year old uncle who thinks it is great.
Some of the best sleep I've had in a really long time.
This is the best. Matresss I have had this now for four years and it is still like new. I am no light weight. And also it never needs flipping.

I cannot believe how strong it is.

No body dents, it is perfect,
This mattress is so comfortable, sometimes I lie on it just for fun.
I had an old mattress with a memory foam topper on it for eons and finally decided it was time to replace it. Didn't want to spend a fortune, and needed something without a box spring. I found this online, and although it seemed almost too good to be true, I went for it. Oh my god.
It arrived super fast, was easy to unpack, re-inflated immediately, and smelled slightly like fresh latex paint for a little while, then aired out.
I did add my old memory foam topper to it, for a little extra cushion. I put new sheets on it, and haven't looked back. My back doesn't hurt anymore, I feel rested in the morning, and I didn't spend a fortune.
I love my bed! Totally worth it!
I picked up the mattress at my local store and took it home in the back of my car. I was able to move it without help. Getting it upstairs to the bedroom was far easier than getting the old one out.
I unpackaged it in the morning, so it had all day to fully expand, and it was ready to go that evening.
It looks great! It took me a few nights to get used to it, but I think that is a commentary on how bad my old mattress had gotten. My wife slept great the first night!
Very pleased with my purchase, and the site to store delivery arrived 5 days before the estimated delivery date.
I purchased this mattress for my daughter's daybed. Typically she is pretty quiet but has been raving about the comfort of her new mattress. She said even the dog can tell the difference from her previous mattress. She states that is really comfortable and is sleeping well!
The best bed i had
Best for the price!!
This has been a good purchase so far
This mattress came in a box that I could handle myself even up a flight of stairs!
This is the greatest mattress - very thick -you are not going to sink to the bottom in this one.
It did say it could be used on a slat frame and this is not the case. You would need to order
the suggested metal frame.
I rated this a 5 star mattress - excellent!! I will consider more Spa Sensations and have already
told many friends who loved the price as well.
Thank you Spa Sensations for your innovative solution to a mattress one person can handle.
This is the second one I bought. My guests now sleep like their on a cloud!I sleep better than ever.I love this mattress. It had no smell and only took several hours to expand.
Perfect mattress
I bought this in size twin for my son's new bunk bed. It is very comfortable & soft. As soon as we took it out of the box it quickly poofed up to 8".
Great comfort & price. I love Walmart.com!
My 4 yr old loves it. I waited the full 48 hrs. My only concern is that I hope it stays this good a year from now.
I received it in less than 72 hours. It immediately began to expand. It was a full 8" before I put it on the platform. My sleep went from 4-6 hours a night with a lot of tossing, turning and back pain when I awoke to 7-8 hours a night feeling great when waking. I want another one the spare bedroom. GREAT Mattress!
We purchased this mattress for our daughter's loft bed (also purchased from Walmart.com). After exhausting ourselves with mattress shopping and ending up disappointed, we took a chance and read the reviews on this one. It was so light and compact to transport from store, put it in regular shopping cart and into my car. It expanded just as mentioned in the reviews and was ready to sleep on in minutes! One mention, I would leave it outside of bedroom for a day or two to wear down the smell. It has a very "plastic" smell, likely from the packaging. Very comfortable and cool to sleep on, not like my very expensive TempurPedic.
Very comfortable
This bed was amazing! I had been sleeping on a very old mattress. I had it ever since I was little and my mom had gotten it from a friend when she was little. This mattress was a fresh breath of air for me! I have less back pains and I sleep comfortably! I recommend this mattress!
this is the second one I buy, for my grandchildren, my grandson who is in College loves it he says very very comfortable.
This is a great buy. I think it has just the right amount of firmness.
I had the spring mattress for 9 years. I got the back pained which bother me a lot and my wife had no idea and she could not helped me. First thing in my mind the matt. could be a problem. So I went on line look for any matt. can help relief my back pain. I found out the foam matt. at Walmart and most reviews said good. So I gave myself a tried. so far I feel good and my back pain goes away. I am 5'6" tall 155 lbs. and 8" foam mattress is perfect firm.
Its so much worth for its price. Pretty firm but at the same time it has a little squish and thus comfortable. It got delivered within a week I ordered online, and since >50$ I received free shipping.
I did hunt for good mattress online and in stores and nothing can beat the price for this mattress. I bought the queen mattress for 169$ (its 209$ currently). I can't be more happy for the price I bought for and this mattress is really comfortable. I bought the Spa Sensations Steel Smart Base Bed Frame Black, Multiple Sizes; Size: Queen as a frame for this mattress and the combination is perfect. The mattress came in a snug box and started expanding the moment I unpacked it and laid it on ground. Within 5 hours it was 7 inches. A little disappointed that it didn't blow up to 8 inches as advertised but this didn't bother me much as its super comfortable. The frame I bought for this mattress lets me use the entire 7 inches available. I am pretty happy and satisfied for the price. Its much cheaper than the basic and comfortable queen mattress from Ikea, Mattress firm or any other companies you may think of buying.
Only thing we've noticed is that it is a bit difficult to get used to the edges being softer than we are used to. We fear sliding off if sitting on the edge or rolling off but hasn't happened yet. Maybe just need to get used to it. I think it is comfortable. The mattress cover is a nice touch.
I bought my mattress in December 2006, and boy is it great! If you like memory foam mattresses, this is it for you. Especially for the price. I couldn't be happier with mine. After sleeping on it I would say 90% of the nights through out the year, it has not even begun to break down. It was great after surgery, because it was so comfortable. I will buy another, and recommend to any of my friends!
I was skeptical when it came to a walmart mattress. I did research on other foam mattresses and just couldn't see paying 400 and up for a full size mattress. My friend and I both decided to get a foam mattress. He went with the Serta costing 500 or so and I went with this one for about 205. Once they were all aired out, we compaired and contrased the two. The end being that there isn't a noticeable difference between the two other than the one I bought was a little softer.

Firmness- I would not say this is extra firm like most the other reviewers. (but I slept on an thin ikea mattress before this one) It is still firm but molds to your body. I've had the best nights sleep I have had in a long time on this thing.

Odor- The odor was definately there but nothing a few sprays of extra strength febrezze couldn't solve.

Expanded in a few hours and not days.(slept on it the same night it arrived)

Before you buy a 400 dollar foam mattress, give this a try. If it doesn't work for you, you can always have it in the guest room.
I bought this for my 15 year old daughter. We waited the 48 hours and paid extra attention to the instructions......it expanded to the full 8". Since she has had this bed, she has been sleeping so soundly and wakes up without back pain. Fantastic bed at an amazing price! I am thinking of buying myself one!
A very good alternative to expensive memory foam mattresses. After just a few weeks I have noticed a significant improvement in quality of sleep and reduction of back and neck pain. Its true that you can not feel movement from your partner, no bouncing, etc. We wake up feeling hot but removing the comforter and sleeping with just a sheet resolves this.

8" is sufficient for comfort but I would recommend purchasing the 12" version simply because fitted sheets are not typically designed for an 8" mattress and don't fit tightly.
possibly the best purchase Ive ever made a super value and $ 90 cheaper than anyone else.
We are large people, and can't find a matress that will last for more than a year. After paying $600-$1000 every couple years, this bed is a great value.I don't know if it will last, but $250 bucks is better than the alternative. It is comfortable while being suportive!!! I like a pillowtop and husband likes firm support, and we are both comfy on this one. Did have a strange odor, but after a few weeks, it disapates for the most part. My husband has back problems, which seem to have improved some with this bed. We reccomend it!!!
The entire experience surpassed our expectations, from ordering, store pick up, to unwrapping. Online ordering was easy, we waited about 3 minutes at the pick up counter and a Walmart associate took it on a platform dolly and placed in our back seat. This was truly appreciated since we my wife and I have bad backs.

Now for the mattress itself! It was securely packaged in 2 containers and protective sack. This in of itself was an improvement from a similar product Serta 4" foam mattress topper we purchased from Ostock.com that arrived in a battered box held by flimsy cheap tape. It took 3 days for us to air out the Serta whereas with the Spa Sensation it took only a few hours! We sprayed Fabreeze on it to expedite the process.

We bought this mattress to replace a king size Beauty Rest mattress and with the topper it's a perfect match! So for a total of about $350 we now have a bed that is equal to one that would have cost $1000 more. Talk about a bang for your buck!

We're already talking about getting the 12" one next! One suggestion, get memory foam pillows to complete the experience!
My husband and I bought this mattress for our 5 year old daughter and she loves it. It's so soft, she snores less, sleeps thru the night, wakes up rested from a good night sleep and doesn't complain about aches anymore.

We are so happy we bought her this mattress if we didn't have one ourselves for our queen size bed we would be in her bed all the time.
Seriously...the best purchase I may have ever made. The foam is great, the best night's sleep I've ever gotten, and at a fraction of the cost of a temperpedic.

I ABSOLUTELY recommend this product
I bought this item when it was on sale. I paid $149 for the full sized mattress. Please do not hesitate to purchase this mattress because you think the price is too low so it must not be good. This mattress is the best kept secret on the Internet. It is a steel for the level of comfort and for the quality of product. I recommend everyone try buy this product. Purchase it for a spare bedroom. I promise that you will end up sleeping on this bed every night yourself because it's that comfortable.
Daughter loves it!
This is a humongous thing in a tiny box. Taking it out need some skill and tests your common sense. I was able to do it with out cutting the outer bag. It expanded almost immediately and with in 30 minutes it went to 90% of its max size. The bed is little warm and not too hard. The smell issue which was mentioned by other buyers was there, but it didn't bother us much. On a whole its a great bargain. My wife loves our bed. Only down side, I need to make my breakfast and pack my lunch every day morning by myself. My wife is sleeping till 9.30 ish every day :(
We bought it about two weeks back and its been a pleasure so far. Its great value for money and was delivered on time. I did read review about the odor but it isn't that bad. We sleep peacefully now. I strongly recommend this mattress for anyone with back pains, shoulder pains etc.
Great feel better then spring mattress
I was a bit hesitant as to how good this mattress could be, but after reading the other reviews and knowing that I just could not spend one more night on my old mattress I decided to buy. So glad that I did.. Best mattress I have slept on in ages. I no longer wake up with back pains and sleep well all night. This is a great mattress for the price, one would think you would have spent upwards of $1000.00 on it.. Would recommend this to anyone thinking of a new mattress purchase.
I bought the king size 2-3 months ago and loved it to, now i got the queen size for another bed, i just LOVE these beds, I have bad back problems that seem to go away with these mattresses!!! there like the ones you see on TV that someone can jump up and down on one side with a glass of red wine on the other and it never spills, i love it my husband doesn't wake me up when he gets up anymore out of bed :)

only downside is, they do take a few days to air out before they stop to smell (i let mine sit in my garage out of the bags they come in for 3 days with my garage door open about half a foot so it can get fresh air, has worked well for both of my mattresses :)
This is the first review ive ever written but just had to because I am so happy I purchased this mattress. I was expecting this to smell for a few weeks after reading the reviews and either be too firm or too soft. I opened the mattress early morning and when I came home that afternoon from work it was almost full. There was a SLIGHT smell from it but it actually went away within a day. The mattress itself is perfect. Not too firm and not too soft. I slept on it the first night like a baby. My back had no stiffness in the morning what-so-ever. I have already recommended it to my family and my friends.
In October of 2007 we bought this mattress. Now 3 years later we still love it. I was skeptical at first but after the first night I was sold! This month my husband had open heart surgery and finds it quite comfortable. We are trying to decide whether we need to replace the mattress - if we do it will be exactly this same mattress.
Our daughter and son-in-law also bought this mattress, except the king-size. They also love it.
I purchased one for my son two years ago. I checked it out and found that it was very comfortable. Purchased a queen size and love the feel and comfort. Wife says it's too firm, but helps my back considerably. Getting ready to purchase another one for other son. Definitely recommend for those needing good back support.
After reading reviews on this product for about a week, I decided to purchase it. I have had this mattress for a month now and all I can say is OMG-WOW!!! This matress is amazing, I was worried that it would be too firm but its perfect, I can feel my body sink into the matress as it cushions my every muscle. I even tried the wine glass test from the temperpedic informacials (with an empty glass of-course) and the glass wobbled a little but never tip over. I love this matress, perfect price. Just wish I had gone with the king. :-)
First off i dont usually like to give 5 stars on a review. that being said, i gave this bed 5 stars because it deserves it. it is by far the most comfortable bed i have ever slept in. i find it hard to get out of it in the morning just because it is soo comfy. this mattress is a steal for the price. far cheaper than any other i could find and im sure just as comfortable if not more! very impressed and excited to sleep on it every night.
Very nice packaging, easy to open, had some odor but when you leave it for 24hrs it goes away..very comfortable
First, I own a Tempurpedic bed and I love it. This bed was purchased for a guest room because I refuse to buy another spring mattress and I can not justify another Tempurpedic purchase. I have taken naps on this bed to test it and it is amazing. I'm a pretty heavy sleeper so I can't give an accurate comparison to my Tempurpedic, but they are very similar. The mattress cover pad is a little thin when compared to the Tempurpedic and the mattresses do have a 2 inch difference in thickness, but besides that very close in comfort. I've had my Tempurpedic for a few years and it has held up great, so hopefully I'll get similar results out of this bed. Here's a cost comparison Tempurpedic with box springs about $2700, this mattress with a box spring from a local store in SC about $300. I also saved money by using bing.com and using in-store pick-up. I still love my Tempurpedic but look at the cost comparison!
My husband and I had got a decent bed frame and box springs from a cousin and just needed a new mattress to go with the set. We originally had a full size mattress and the frame was queen. It was the first time we bought a new mattress and we were on a tight budget. This mattress is amazing! So comfortable! It only took about 6 hours for it to fluff up to size and their was no weird smell like some reviewers had. It also arrived a day before they said it should. We are definitely happy with our purchase and will be buying from Wal-Mart again soon.
my husband and i were in so much pain from our old spring mattress. I saw how affordable this was and with free shipping to my home i HAD to order it!! It comes in a pretty small box and then you unroll it and it fluffs up pretty fast! It does have a slight chemical smell that i noticed while sleeping but it didnt bother me or him. One thing i do recommend is satin sheets because the mattress is much warmer than spring mattresses and with cotton sheets it gets toasty !! and i live high up in the cold Rocky Mountains! My back has never felt better and i hardly toss and turn at night now! Now that i found out im pregnant i am not fearing the uncomfortable months ahead! I feel all of the support all over my body with this mattress! I LOVE it!!!!!
Love it! We had never thought about this type of mattress & sort of stumbled upon it on this site. We didnt want to pay thru the nose with a fancy one since it will only get used for extra company on the holidays/weekends. After sleeping on it a few times, It has to be the best sleep I've ever had. I struggle with allergy/sinus issues waking me up off & on all night. I love it, i sleep thru the night. Thinking about buying a thicker version, higher-end model for our own bed now. Only draw back-I wish it came with a water proof cover, BECAUSE, I'm lazy & dont want to have to clean a bed-wetting accident out of foam if that would ever happen with guests.
memeory foam is the best for the money
Mattress was full size within an hour of unwrapping. Only had a slight smell. My daughter slept on it the first night. Firm but soft. She likes it!
Our new bed arrived last week & fast! We got it all set up/aired out over the weekend. Slept on it for the 1st time Sunday nite. Buying a bed online, I was a little hesitant. Yeah, I've placed my head on a display in a store a time or two and found it "comfy". To jump all in, on something you've never laid on is risky, a bed isn't cheap. It took faith, as I did my online research/read reviews/price compared. My husband was willing to hand me the $$$, putting his trust in my ability to make the purchase. Well, end of story this BED is amazing/comfortable! We've noticed an improvement in how we physically "feel" in our joints. I would definitely recommend this line of mattresses. Great quality/comfort at an affordable price. Blessings to All.
Very comfortable and easy to get up the stairs in the box in a tight spot.
After reading the reviews and high ratings of other buyers, I decided to give this a try. It came in a timely manner, was easy to pick up at the store, and fit in our trunk. I unwrapped it and 'aired' it outside on the lanai before bringing it in the house, which took care of any odors from the materials. The matress is so comfortable. I haven't had any back issues at all since using this mattress.
So far I am impressed. For guest bedroom and put on old box springs but, very comfortable. I am 53 and had no problem putting in bedroom and removing from box. Easy!
My husband and I were very excited to get this mattress (we had been sleeping on the floor for a few days). When it arrived, it was in a large box that did not look like a mattress box so we became quite worried. We started opening it and became more worried when we saw the mattress rolled up, it looked like it was about 2 inches thick. Once we got it out of the air-tight bag (which wasn't very easy) and rolled it out, the mattress fluffed up to 8 inches thick in seconds! This mattress is so comfortable, I don't like mattresses or pillows that are too squishy but I don't like sleeping on the floor either, and this mattress is the perfect firmness. The quality of the memory foam is outstanding, my husband and I can roll and turn over without disturbing each other. Also, this may sound a little strange but I enjoy the smell of this mattress. If you have ever smelled tempurpedic mattresses, it smells exactly like that. I've never slept on a tempurpedic mattress so I can't comment on the way it feels compared to this mattress, however the quality of this mattress, especially for the price, is excellent. I highly recommend this mattress, and the free shipping is a huge bonus!
I was very sceptical when buying this mattress... I figured it would be hard and flat or flimsy. I was completely wrong!! it deff surpassed my expectations. It is firm and supportive but soft enough to break your fall :)
Everything is good about this mattress. I have been using it for the last 3 months. It is perfect. No smell and anything bad. Knowing that my back hurts if I sleep on a bad mattress and didn't hurt on this one, it is so good for those people who have back problems.
We bought this for our 7 yrs old child's bunk bed with slats. After we add a plywood board on top of the slates! The support is excellent. Very satisfied, unrolled and expanded without any problems. A little bit of odor that can not be detected unless I actually put my face within an inch of the mattress. So we did not have to air it out before use. Excellent firmness(my whole family likes firm mattress). It does not work well with beds that do not have solid base(ie. slats)
My daughter came home from college to find this mattress and she said it feels like Heaven. She was not looking forward to her futon mattress at all and now she isn't going to want to leave! Amazing for an amazing price.
So not even 24 hours elapsed before receiving this big box at my door. I was pretty impressed by the fast shipping.

I unwrapped it in the room. It was very well packed. There is a faint new foam smell, but it goes away after a few days.

I pulled a back muscle pretty badly, so I was in a lot of pain for a few weeks. which is why I got this thing. and let me tell you, I felt so much better after the first night of sleeping on this memory foam. On the 4th day my back was feeling back to normal.

I also purchased a memory foam pillow from the walmart store, and I also believe that helped my back a lot as well.

I can't believe I was missing out all this time on having the perfect sleep experience. I love my new bed. I actually sleep throughout the entire night and im a light sleeper.

I recommend this product.
I purchased these for my teenage kids. They all love my expensive name brand memory foam mattress but I didn't want to break the bank buying them the same ones. So I took a chance on these Spa Sensations mattresses and wow!! My kids LOVE them. They are sleeping well with no complaints! The mattresses came very well packed and double wrapped so when they are opened they are nice and fresh! I would highly recommend these to anyone looking for a great memory foam mattress at a great price!
Took a day or two to adjust to this mattress after having a pillow top, but it seems to get more comfortable every time I sleep on it. My morning backaches are GONE!!!
Would highly recommend
Background.. I got this to replace my old as dirt bed I've had since college and I love it. I've had it for 10 months now... When I first got it it did smell for a few days and was compressed from shipment but after those 2 days it's been great ever since. I'm 6'1" and 180 lbs and have no complaints with it. For the price I paid for it, it's been great. It has started to form a sort of compacted part where I sleep (after 10 months of sleeping on the same side in the same spot) but I rotated the mattress and the other side is like the day I got it and the compacted side is starting to go back to normal. Overall great bed and I'd recommend it to anyone looking for a cheap memory foam mattress. I have slept in a tempur-pedic before and while this isn't as good, it's less than 10% of price.
Husband and I purchased for each other for Christmas. Once foam is fully inflated it is a dream of a mattress. Very cost effective. We both have aches and pains that are less in the mornings because of the support this mattress gives us.
I bought this bed around tax season because I had a futon at the time that was in rough shape. Between this and the Spa Sensations bed frame, I only ended up spending $280 which was perfect because I'm an 18 year old girl and can't really afford much more than that. They both arrived within 3 days of my order with standard shipping. The boxes were both terribly heavy, but the set up only took me an hour in total between the two. You really can't beat this bed. Everyone asks me if it's a Tempurpedic and when I tell them how much I spent, their jaws drop. If you are looking for a quality mattress that will last you a while without breaking the bank, this is definitely the mattress to choose. If you just have it on a standard bed frame I would recommend buying a mattress cover to hold it in place though. I'm buying 2 more.
I bought this mattress for my guest room and so far it meets all my expectations. It's a very comforatable mttress to sleep on.
I brought this mattress for my son and he loves it. It's comfort is excellent. He hasn't had a good nights sleep until I brought this mattress. He now sleeps soundly all night.
Mattress provides great comfort and is a full 8" thick. Excellent price (this is my 2nd purchase) Got delivery in 3 days. I would highly recommend this product to all.
was shocked how nice this bed is. I bought a "temp-ra pedic * years ago for 1100.00. This bed is just as nice and comfy.
after researching foam matresses for a long time, I purchased the 12" king size Spa Sensation memory foam mattress from walmart. I read all the reviews, and they are all accurate, except for the one guy who was worried about his mattress getting Alzheimers. Not happening. The mattress is so comfortable, and looks very nice with a soft plush cover. It is a drop bigger than my bed, so that makes changing the sheets a bit difficult. Otherwise I am so happy with my own mattress, that I have decided to replace every mattress in my house with these mattresses. So now I have bought the 8" Spa sensation for my twin size guest beds, and will continue until I have all my (6) beds with these mattresses.
It feels a little warmer; In winter it's fine, may not feel that comfortable in summer.
Spa Sensations 8" Memory Foam Mattress, queen size:
More positive reviews than negative here and at Amazon. Spa Sensations gets good reviews at sleeplikethedead and several other mattress forums, has a decent website but could be more informative on foam densities, the owner Zinus is BBB accredited and rated A+, is responsive to questions and answers on this website, etc.
The price is unbeatable. It's less expensive than a spring mattresses and spring mattresses are extremely difficult to get the value right, price for quality.
Arrived in 2 days.
Unpacked easily.
No odor. Zero degassing.
Rose to 8" within 4 hours.
Feels equal to my $1,400 Serta iComfort Genius.
My 15 year old son is extremely happy with his new bed.
Only complaint is I wish it was made in the USA but then the value would go out the window and cost 2 to 3 times more unfortunately.
Our double bed mattress was only 45 years old. As my husband snores and now has mild COPD, it had gotten imperative to get a new mattress. I am disabled, so we had been debating firm(which he likes) or softer(which I need as a side sleeper). This has made us both happy. I does offer good support, but does not push my shoulder blade into my collarbone when I am on my side. We had also been hesitant to spend a lot of money on a mattress we might both hate. We are BOTH happy, which is a very good thing.
After reading over 300 reviews I was worried about height and smell covered in some of the reviews. As soon as it arrived I opened it and was only six inches tall. By the next day it was up to 7 3/4 inches. I think the trick is to open it as soon as you get to it and leave it uncovered for 48 hours. It sleeps like a dream.
I was a little skeptical at first but after the research and reading most of the reviews I ended up not regretting it :)
So so so comfortable. As advertised. My product came out perfect. Good firm mattress
I really did not think that a mere 8" mattress was going to help me or my back in any way shape or form, but boy was I sooooo wrong, this thing is sturdy, yet so very comfy, so comfy that the first night I slept on it, I slept 9 hours without getting up once! That's a miracle for me! I love it! I just plopped it right on top of my mattress, and viola, complete comfort and no sweating like those expensive Temperpedics! You just have to get one to see for yourself, anyone with a bad back, this is a MUST, my back feels wonderfully better when i wake up now! My children fight over sleeping on it all the time. It's firm yet fits your body like a glove, you don't sag into it like the much more expensive ones, your firm but wrapped in sheer and utter magic like comfort! And it had no horrid odor as others have stated.
I bought this mattress for my son's bunk bed (for the bottom bunk) and I actually thought it was a little hard when I first laid on it, but I think that was just because I was so used to laying on a soft, spring-coiled mattress. The more I lay on it, the more I like it. It is definitely more firm than a coiled mattress but it feels great and I actually really like the support for my back now. It's not hard like a rock, it's just supportive. It's very cushion-y, just firm. I feel very relaxed on it and so I actually think I'm going to buy one of these for myself, only a king size one. I had no idea how much more comfortable a firmer mattress would be for me. My son loves it. He thinks it's very comfortable. It's a great value too. I would definitely recommend this.
I bought two of these mattress's for my sons trundle bed. When the mattress arrived they were difficult to remove from packaging, but were to full height after about a half hour. They did have an odor initially but it quickly dissipated. Once I put the mattress on the bed I was pleasantly surprised with the comfort. I did not expect such quality from such a bargain priced item!
Very comfortable mattress. Perfect for the platform bed.
Actually came home a day earlier than planned from hospital because bed in hospital was awful! This bed has been perfect for my recovery.
I plan on getting this in a full & a queen size after my recovery.
I had purchased one of these for my guest room a few years ago and eventually grew to like it more than the "big brand name" bed of the same type (memory foam, etc). Seemed to contour the body better, leaving me feeling better in the morning after sleep. Other than that, there was no real discernible difference between the super-spendy mattress and the one I picked up from Wal-Mart.

Fast forward a few years and it came time to replace said mattress. It was still in good enough shape, but pets and kids tend to stink things up with messes, spills, and "accidents." I hadn't seen the same mattresses in any of the stores I'd gone into, so I assumed that they stopped carrying the line. Fortunately, the Wal-Mart site still had the mattress line available. AND, as an added bonus, the price was around $200~ less than what I paid a few years ago. I immediately checked out, selecting the Free Shipping option the site offered, and was told that it would take roughly 2 weeks to arrive (fine by me - I'm used to waiting a few extra days for free shipping from lots of major online retailers).

Little did I expect that the very next day, the FedEx man was beating down my door to shove a mattress box into my face. I know this isn't the norm, and I wont expect the same shipping time frame the next time I place an order off of Wal-Mart's website... But, still. The very next day, my order arrived. Thank you much, Wal-Mart, for super-exceeding the expectations there.

We unpacked the mattress, threw it on the box-spring, and let it "inflate" for a couple-few hours. I know that the recommended time is 24-48ish hours, but we didn't care. New mattress, new time to sleep. The mattress felt almost the exact same as the old mattress did. Soft enough, but same level of support without being TOO soft. We had also expected that there would be a sort of "chemical-y" smell from the packaging, but there was nary a smell other than that of the warm cardboard box that was sitting in the room next to the bed.

All in all, for $200, I would be hard-pressed to find a better mattress for the money.

Overall rating - 5/5
Value - 5/5 For $200, I get this mattress. I couldn't hope to get that kind of deal on a well-used floor model of the "big brand name" mattresses of the same type.
Meets Expectations - 5/5 I got it to sleep on and be comfortable. I sleep on it and feel comfortable. Nothing wrong with that.
Features - 3/5 It's a mattress. What features is it really supposed to have other than "lays flat, you sleep on it"?
Appearance - 3/5 Once again, it's a big white mattress. It was covered with fresh linens shortly after leaving the box. It looked like a mattress.
Comfort - 5/5 Seriously. I make no bones about it, this mattress is very comfortable to me. I know that not everyone is the same, so what's good for this goose may not be good for that gander. But, I REALLY like the way this mattress feels. It's super comfy.
This is our second Memory Foam Mattress. This is the best investment that one can make for a mattress. There is no need to buy expensive mattress as long as this mattress is available. I love that Walmart has it online for purchase. It's very simple to order, pick up and put it together or shall I say roll it out(since it comes that way). It takes about 24 hours to fully expend and it's totally worth the wait. Thank you Walmart for keeping this product and making the buying step so easy.
the most comfortable mattress I have ever purchased,sleeps so well,fully functional piece,great product at a great price. thanks Walmart!
I would recommend this mattress...great price and very comfortable!
After reading all of the reviews I decided to buy this mattress for my camper. It passed the wife test with flying colors! We both sleep soundly on the super comfortable mattress.
I have spent many nights tossing and turning on my old inner springs mattress. I usually slept on my side and often woke up with back pain. After seeing all of the great reviews, I decided to try this mattress. I am not disappointed.

I have found that it is more comfortable to sleep on my back with this mattress, and if I didn't have to wake up in the middle of the night to go to the bathroom, I would probably sleep all night in that one position. I love the way the mattress "cuddles" my body. With the new silky-like sheets I bought, it is a soft and cozy slumber. I haven't awakened with back pain so far.

The mattress did have an odor right out of the box. I allowed the mattress to fully expand and air out for a full 48 hours, as the instructions tell you to do. There is still a slight odor but it's not bad. I am removing the bedding every morning to let the mattress air out more until the odor is gone. I ordered the 8" thick mattress but it is actually about 7 1/4" after 4 days.

$150 and free delivery is not bad for a new mattress. Walmart always delivers in good time. I will definitely buy this mattress again at a future time, but I am going to order the 12" thick.
This is my SECOND of four Memory Foam Mattress' I purchased and will be purchasing!!
I DO recommend the 12" mattress rather than the 8". I know it's a little more money but more worth it! Don't get me wrong, the 8" is just as good, but I being on the "heavy" side, feel more comfortable on the 12" than the 8".
I read a lot of the reviews before purchasing this mattress. I read some of the bad reviews and was nervous, hoping that when I bought it, my mattress would end of like the bad reviews said it would. I bought this on a Wednesday and it was ready to be picked up in the store by Friday! I got it home, unrolled it, and let it expand. It's fully expanded to 8", fits great in my twin frame I have and it is ssssooo comfortable! The odor smells a little funny, but let it air out for like 12 hours or so, and the odor disappears! I am a petite adult, so this works perfectly for me where I am renting. I definitely recommend this mattress! It's wonderful!
This is a lot more comfortable than I expected. Considering that I didn't not spend thousands of dollars, it's an excellent mattress for the price. I am a lot more comfortable when I get out of bed and more rested than when I used to have a spring mattress. Can't wait to get some memory foam pillows too!
Perfect for teenage son's bed as well as grandma's bed. Comfortable, durable, long-lasting.
I have been shopping for an inexpensive mattress for several months. I had been afraid to make a choice because I have lower back issues & was certain the mattress I finally selected would aggravate my condition. I finally decided to go with this one, since I could return it at a nearby store if need be. I have been pleasantly surprised for the past 2+ weeks that I have been sleeping on it- no back trouble at all! I also feel like I am getting more restful sleep... Just be aware, this mattress smells HORRIBLE for the first few days! It probably took about 4 days of leaving the window open all day for me to not smell it anymore.
I have a $2000 memory foam mattress in my main bedroom, and must admit, this one is ALMOST as comfortable for 1/10 the price. Make sure you opt for the 8". The 6" isn't bad, but if you're a big guy or gal, you'll definitely want to opt for the 8" as it is MUCH more supportive.
After reading most of the reviews I decided to give this mattress a try. I was a little worried because some of the reviews talked about the edges not expanding, etc. My mattress arrive in a few days, I unpacked it and waited 24 hours for it to "puff up". It evenly expanded just as pictured. It is so comfortable and just as nice as another memory foam purchased a few years ago from a different company but this one is much more affordable. I would definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a firm memory foam mattress.
I have read some complaints about this mattress not expanding evenly....not the case for me. The full size mattress I received expanded the full 8 inches and evenly. My son adores his new bed and after using it for a couple weeks now I have not heard any complaints of back pain that he would get from his former too soft bed. This spa bed is firm but vert cozy. Too early to tell how much life we will get out of it. So far very pleased.
Very nice mattress for the price. I was a bit surprised at how firm it is.Sleeping on a waterbed for 20+ years it has taken a couple of weeks to adjust. Bought this to use inside the waterbed frame and the Cal King fits my kingsize waterbed frame perfectly.It did plump up rather quickly after removing from the plastic ,very thick and cushy..though 'firm'.Appears right now that this mattress will hold up quite well.
a very comfortable matress
I am a Tempur-pedic owner and I bought this mattress from Walmart for my son who loves my Tempur-pedic and honestly I couldn't tell the difference think you get more for your money with the matches from Walmart then spending thousands of dollars for the Tempur-pedic this is actually a wonderful mattress too buy
bought it for my 14 year old daughter because she was complaining of back hurting. now she sleeps all night and her back doesnt hurt. way more firm than her last matress. may buy one for myself
With this mattress you going to feel like you're sleeping in a cloud! Very soft really nice and worth every penny!! I highly recommend it you gonna love and the price is a gift
Great, comfortable mattress.
We needed this for a guest bedroom. I use it when no one is visiting. I am 6'4" 290 pounds and it is VERY comfortable even for a guy my size. I have heard they get "hot" when laid on for a while, I have not found that to be the case.
I bought this bed to use in a guestroom. I was so surprised on how comfortable it was when we set it up. I bought this mattress with the Spa Sensations Steel Smart Base Bed frame. I never used a mattress with no box spring before. The mattress is a memory foam, you sink into it, its not to firm and not to soft. Everything is just right and im very happy I bought this. I highly recommend this mattress with the Spa Sensations Steel Smart Base Bed. You wont be sorry and it is a good value.
This product is worth buying. Following the enclosed directions, the mattress expanded to 7 or so inches in 24hrs. and was up to 8in. in 48hrs. Moving it around is a bit difficult as there are no side handles to grab onto. The mattress is pretty comfortable, and is not too hot to sleep on, which was a concern of mine. Overall, I'd buy another if the need arose.
This product is awesome. I ordered 3 of them 1 for myself and 2 for my kids. I recieved my product within 2 days after ordering it. They are a little firm at first but once you sleep on it for a night they become soft and form to your body for a sensational good night sleep.
Bought 2 of them for my cabin... Sleeps good and should last forever at the cabin.. Great value..
I am a tempurpedic owner. Five years ago I spent 3000 for my king size tempurpedic. I bought this 200 and change mattress queen size for my daughter. Absolutely NO difference with tempurpedic!!!! It is amazing. Firm enough to give you support with that tempurpedic feeling. I kick myself for having spent so much money years ago when I could have gotten the same thing from Walmart. I highly recommend it. ( watch youtubes as I did prior to buying they will show you how awsome this bed is. You have to be really outdated to go buy a traditional mattress with this product i the market.
I never knew Walmart sold mattress. I wanted an upgrade for my 11yrs daughter to a full size bed and she's tall for her age. I happened to be browsing on another site and saw this on the side advertising as search this as well. I read the reviews. Some were very helpful and some weren't. I made the decision to try cause I cant always take it back to a store if it doesn't work for me. I was very excited, I did exactly what the direction says letting it sit on a flat surface for 72hrs so it can get to the right size and to air out. I also add a mattress cover I had purchased before for extra comfort. Also got the full size box frame the one with highest review. My daughter, husband, sister and I loves its it. It's so comfortable we all took turns sleeping on it we were on cloud nine did not want to get up.
The kids love them the only problem I have that he next day they went on sale
I bought this mattress to replace the mattress in our camper. The directions said if would be fully expanded within 72 hours. Mine was fully expanded to 8" within 8 hours. We actually slept on it the same night we installed it. We slept on in for a week straight and it was great. Definitely worth the price! Would highly recommend this mattress to anyone!
Bought this for my son's college bedroom. Very comfortable. Perfect for my son's 6'2" frame. It was everything I expected.
I bought this for my 16-year-old son's bedroom. He unpacked it himself and set it up and loves it. He doesn't like a soft mattress and says this one is perfect - not too hard, not too soft.
I have had a 12-inch Spa Sensations mattress for years. I have been trying to talk my girlfriend into one, and when she mentioned that she was not sleeping well and woke up stiff and sore, I got my chance. I bought her an 8-inch model. She loves it.

It arrived very fast. The shipping weight is about 40 pounds, but when unpacked it is less than 35. Hers puffed up very fast, much faster than mine. The smell was gone in hours. (Neither of us smells well, though.) The hardest part was getting her old mattress out. She loved it immediately.

It is so good to be able to make a person's life better.
I LOVE MY NEW MEMORY FOAM MATRESS. I HAVE SLEPT ON A TEMPERPEDIC FOR OVER 10 YEARS AND THIS MATTRESS IS JUST AS GOOD . I PAID $2000 FOR THE TEMPERPEDIC AND ONLY $199.00 FOR THIS MATTRESS... I HIGHLY RECOMEND IT!!!
Super comfortable, great value. Great idea for people who own older homes and have narrow sstairways/hallways
Perfect for bunk bed.
Very comfortable and affordable!!
Great mattress and great price! !! Highly recommend
It is so comfortable that I fall asleep quickly. I am used to reading many chapters of a book before drifting off, but on this mattress I have drifted off after just a few pages. I am going to have to read before I go to bed so I can actually finish my book.
I purchased this matress in a twin for my 5 year old son after reading all the good reviews. This is a very good matress. Arrived in two days of me ordering it and inflated right away. It is very comfortable and good quality. Will be purchasing another for my self.
well, this matress is a good compromise between the price and a certain quality. I don't recommand for people suffering huge back pain. Indeed i got two discal hernias, if the bed is quite good for the moment, it does not help me for a full recovery. i can just recommand people to choose a bed a little bit more firm for maintaining their body. My partner that was suffering insomnia due to a poor bed quality before, sleeping like a baby now and feel refreshed the following morning.

Other than that, this bed will be a good investment for anybody that want to have a good matress and save some money.
I love these beds we have two in the house now. My king size is over a year old and still like new. I would recommend this bed to anyone that doesn't want to pay the name brand price.
Bought two mattress for my grandchildren. The absolutely love their new mattress. Now the tell their parents to stay out of their beds.
I am a single mother and my teenage son has never had a GREAT bed. I finally got the idea from my sister to look at this bed from Wal-Mart...and it was the best idea. I ordered it from the website and was sooooo excited to wait for it to be delivered to my local Wal-Mart. It came on time and the staff at Wal-Mart made the process sooooo easy :). The package and mattress were small enough for me to take into my apartment...and once unraveled...and after a couple of days...my son has the most comfortable, perfect bed. I would recommend this to anyone. It is not too expensive and it is so comfortable. It is better than my mattress which I spent more money on. I was almost tempted to swap mattresses with my son! lol jk. Thank You Spa Sensations and Wal-Mart
I expected to be good because it's reviewed but it was all they said and more, best mattress I had in a long time, you get it deliver to you door if you want or to the store for free ,best price better than a mattress store , I went to a mattress store and they want it 230 plus 50 for delivery for a twin I needed a full , I got a full for 189. I got this for my kids bunk bed I will get another for the bunk bed,one for my dugthers bed and my bed.
I normally do not take the time to review products, but this time is an exception. I absolutely love this mattress and I am very happy with my purchase through Wal-Mart online. I loved the unique packaging and how easy it was to transport back home. Easy breezy!! I did not have any smells and the mattress grew to its proper eight inch size!! I would highly recommend this product to anyone!!
Weight distribution is awesome. No achy joints in the morning. Very light and easy to change bedding.
I ordered the mattress, box springs and bed frame. All items were received before expected, were easily installed, and now I have a beautiful guest room.
Boys are in love. Finally got them out my living room.
Was pleasantly surprised at how comfortable it was especially for having been so affordable.
Bought 2 of these to replace my children's 6 year old mattress's. Wasn't sure how good they would be but was willing to give it a try. Sure am glad we did. They come rolled up and flat once released they swelled to the size stated within 4 hours. the girls sleep on them that night. Living in Arizona was a little worried about them being hot in the warmer months so far they are cool and don't retain heat like some. I would recommend these to anyone looking for a very nice mattress at a good price. Wal-Mart even shipped them for free.
My youngest son is Autistic and a) has a hard time sleeping, and b) jumps on his bed so hard that he wore out his old mattress within six months of bringing it home. This memory foam mattress is absolutely what he needed. Without the springs, he can no longer bounce on the bed, so he's now spending more time on his trampoline and is not in the process of ruining the box spring. Also, he sleeps much more soundly than he did before. He has not woken up in the middle of the night, as he used to. I am impressed with this mattress, especially for the price.
Since there are no springs, it feels strange at first-but I love it. It lets the parts of you that need to sink in, do so and still supports you perfectly. We've had it a month and I wake up with less aches in my back and knees. My husband and I both sleep more soundly. I'm very happy it.
This is a wonderful mattress! Although the thought of any mattress that comes rolled in a box sounds like a sketchy gamble, it was actually VERY pleasant in a lot of ways. For starters, the box for our full size mattress was a size that can fit into the backseat of a car if you had to pick it up at the store (which is a huge perk for anyone that doesn't have a truck). Secondly, the shipping was free, so that was even better. As for the shipping- we received ours about one week sooner than the Wal-Mart website originally quoted our delivery date when it was in our "cart" online. Hence, it was a pretty reasonable 5 days or so. When it came, I pulled it out of the box (wrapping and all) and laid it flat on the floor. As soon as the wrapping was removed, you could hear the mattress rising. At first it seemed like the top half of the mattress was rising faster than the bottom half, which made me think that it would figure that I would get the crumby mattress out of the factory batch! HOWEVER don't get worried, the box suggests letting it "air out" for 48 hours to level out and rise, and within 30 minutes or so later, it had completely leveled out. Now originally, I had planned to let the mattress sit for the suggested 48 hours but an hour or two later I went ahead and measured and it had already reached the 8" max. So in short, we didn't wait that long to use it. :-) When I laid on this bed, my first impression was "Whoa!". This is a VERY nice mattress. I called my husband into the room. He laid on it and the first thing that he said was "Whoa!" also. Yes, it's just that nice, and the material the cover is made out of is very soft. Like the cozy cotton jersey knit material, yet still fancy looking. After sleeping on it, I felt better in the morning and my back felt better than normal too. I'm impressed. Oh, and there were no smells coming from the mattress when letting it air out.
I have been using the queen size Spa Sensation's 8" Memory Foam Mattress for a week, now. It is very comfortable and a great value. It was hard to believe the mattress would end up being 8" thick because it comes so compactly rolled up in a box. I just followed the instructions and let it expand for 48 hours and it was ready to use.
I had purchased this mattress on-line, basing my decision on other reviews, and am totally pleased. My sister was coming to visit for a few weeks, and so getting it delivered on-time was important. It arrived a day early! I'm a tactile type, so buying things on-line is not my real cup of tea. But after visiting a few "name brand" sites I logged into WalMart.com and searched and lo and behold, this came up. I parsed the reviews and decided that it was about the best price around, and seemed to be of good quality. But man oh man, I was surprised! It arrived a day early, even with the inexpensive (two bucks and change) shipping (and I can be a cheap-o at times!) But it arrived a day before it's scheduled delivery (nice!) which was a day before my sister arrived, so it had time to air out and such, but really, there was not much smell, like really none at all, and in the evening of the second day when another family member went to pick her up at the airport, I dressed it in sheets and blankets and pillows and presto, it was ready. She used it that night. The next day, she told me she had had the best sleep that she'd had in a long time. She's been sleeping on it every night since, and loves it. (When it arrived, after unpacking, I took a cat nap on it, and it was like mighty comfortable!) I can't wait to use it myself full time, and am considering getting another one for my room. It's the best buy I've made in a while, and am sure glad about it! Easy to unpack, arrived a day early, comfy, good price - it's like, hey, what more can a guy ask for? Well, you know, within reason. But all around, it's a good deal, and great experience, and I'm sure it'll get many years of use. I'd suggest this as a really good buy, and one to consider when looking for this type of mattress.
It is a very good product. You do feel weightless in the memory foam. And 8" is the optimum size for the mattress. No need for any extra spring mattress. Students living in rented apartments can have a well-deserved lazy-weekend sleep, comfortably. Best product for the price, I think.
OMG I was so pleasantly surprised after receiving these mattresses. I received in two day. My boys love them. I was very surprised to see what it turned out to be after it came in such a small box. It was the full 8" it said it would be and I was a little concerned after seeing the couple of reviews that said theirs only rose to 6.5". I would definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a Mattress. In fact I plan to get a King size for my bed as soon as I save the money for it. The only bad thing is that its harder to get my boys up in the morning. Thanks for providing such a wonderful product that is well worth the asking price.
Bought the mattress for my daughters loft. She loves it, best sleep she's had in a long time
We bought the twin 8" memory foam mattress for my 2 year old daughter. It's so comfortable that we are thinking of buying one for ourselves! It's not too firm and not too soft. The shipping was fast and the price is great! Other stores want to charge $400 or so for a twin mattress!
I have a hard time sleeping on my back because it hurts. The first night I slept on this mattress, I slept on my back and was so comfortable. I LOVE IT. My only problem is I want to stay in the bed all of the time now. Lol
I wasn't sure about ordering a mattress in a box online, but the price was right. This mattress has held its shape nicely so far (few weeks now) and is very comfortable, firm but molds to the body like a memory foam is supposed too. Pleased!
Good Product, We Love it.
I truly cannot say anything negative about this mattress. Setup is exactly as described. We did not have any issue with lingering odor. The "new smell" was barely noticeable, and dissipated quickly. The mattress is, just as many other describe, firm and supportive, but soft (if that makes sense). It is a great alternative to the high end competitors. My 8 year old is sleeping on it and loves it. I have slept on it as well and prefer it to my aging innerspring Serta. For the price, I'm considering this as my next mattress as well. Don't hesitate. I did TONS for research before purchasing for my child, and you cannot go wrong with this mattress.
Feels great!!! Only had it a few weeks now. My lower back and hips don't hurt anymore. When I ordered it online they warned of an odor it may have. The slight odor is a gets on my nerves but it has dissipated a lot and more everyday.
This bed is wonderful!!!... I have back pain and over the years I have owned just about all the beds advertised and this one is the best I have had... It was delivered quickly and that means a lot to me because I use public transportation... I cannot find anything different about this memory foam mattress when compared to the brand that cost $2,000 or more... This is the best buy of the decade!
Extremely fast delivery quality above expectations extremely comfortable and way above many mattresses that I shopped around locally. Comfort seems extreme concidering I have a bad back. Would recommend to anyone looking for a new sleep platform.
would consider buying one for guest room as well
I was skeptical, but this mattress has made the happiest sleeper around! Absolutely worth every penny, and now buying a 2nd for my guest bedroom!
Purchased my bed 3 weeks ago I slept on it as soon as I took it out of the box. It measured about 6 inches by the 2nd day it was a full 8" I am very happy with my purchase I like a firm mattress and it is firm. I have no complaints so far I've slept on it so far for a week.
Im very pleased with my memory foam mattress Its very comfortable. I do not wake up with sore hips no more. It is worth the affordable price .A person could not find a better matteress for three times the price, no kidding. Ive akready recomended the matteress to several people.
Bought 2 for my daughter's new queen beds. They love them, there super comfortable and such a good price. No defects, no weird smell. I shopped around n I'm very satisfied with this purchase.
Unless you need next day delivery, use free shipping.
Bought two mattresses for my kids. They loved it. They say it feels so soft and comfortable. They enjoy and look forward to sleeping on it. This was a good product for the price. I'm glad I gave it a try.
first you mold into the top layer of foam and then the next layer supports your body so you don't in too far....I live in a RV full time and I can finally sleep in comfort...I LOVE IT
This is our second memory foam mattress purchased thru Walmart/Sam's. Great comfort. Perfect size and value. First mattress is holding up well after 3 years and expect the same with the new one for the guest room.
I've had this mattress about a month now and couldn't be happier. It is more firm than you would expect from a memory foam, though I understand that depends on which side you use (the side with the green additional layer or the side without it). I have stayed with the firmer/green side and all I can say is I'm getting the best sleep I've ever had. Couldn't be happier with the mattress and the value.

The odor was the only thing that ALMOST made me ship this back. After a week it was still very, very strong - you could smell it on my clothing, on the bedding, even the minute I walked in the door each day. I know other reviewers have varied a great deal on this - some really bothered by it, some not. Following some online advice I found I aired the mattress out in FULL sunlight for a complete day - and that took care of the odor issue. Mostly. You can still detect an obvious odor on my bedding, but keeping them washed and changed out frequently minimizes that. The "off-gassing" as it is called seems to fade with time.

The quality of the mattress protector this comes already zipped into is not very high - it's of jersey material and if you're concerned about such things you should plan to buy a better one for it. I've left it on.

Still, those criticisms aside, I am VERY pleased with this mattress. I have paid 3 times as much for a memory foam mattress before - now I'm wondering WHY?
Bought the 8" full size for my daughters lower bunk bed 2 years ago and it hasn't got much use till now- I'm 9 months pregnant and was super uncomfortable in our regular bed. I had to use pillows on my sides and could barely move. I have been sleeping on my daughters bed for about a month, and it is so supportive I don't have to use extra pillows and my sides don't ache anymore. I don't know if I want to go back to my reg mattress after this. I am thinking of getting one for our bed now too!
We used one to replace a Serta mattress in our Lance truck camper. After finding that sleeping in the camper was better than our bed, we bought another.
I love this mattress. This is the first time I try a memory foam mattress but I wish I did it years ago. Before buying the mattress I went to a few places and asked for recommendations. Comparable mattresses were way more expensive and some of the sellers wouldn't recommend it. I am happy I didn't listen to them. It's firm but perfectly supports your body shape. I've had back problems before sleeping on regular mattresses but since I have this one, I have no problem. Also, this mattress has a section that lets the top part breath so you don't get too hot sleeping in it. I've ordered the full size which is perfect for me and my gf. It's good size of you're under 6ft. I highly recommend it. Whish I discovered it years ago.
This is seriously a great mattress! My parents just got the name brand a month ago, it's every bit as good as theirs!
LOVE LOVE LOVE this mattress!!! Got this for my 13 year old daughter. I have two daughters 13 & 11. Just got one to start for my 13 year old, she loves it sooo much! So comfy its hard to get out of!!! I have Twin over Twin metal bunk beds for my girls, this mattress works great & put it directly on the slats which are very close together, no gapping at all, I actually just put down egg carton foam on the slats & then the mattress, its awesome! I had no smell with this mattress, so easy to set up & it completely went to 8 inches only after 1 day! My daughter slept on it the 1st night we got it! It had aired out all day! By the next day totally went to 8 inches, very very pleased & the price is amazing as well. I am ordering another mattress today for 11 year old daughter for her bunk bed! So we just love it!!!
This product was delivered in a box which was manageable by me. I followed the directions included in the box. After sleeping on the mattress for a couple of weeks, realize I sleep longer and when I wake up, my back and hips are not sore. I wish I had heard about memory foam mattresses earlier.
A great product. Open the box, cut away the bag, and you have an instant memory foam mattress. After two months there are no problems. A pad on the bottom of the mattress prevents damage to the mattress (and lets you know which side is down). Being shipped to my home, there was no dragging a mattress from the store to the bedroom. This is the end of shopping in stores for a mattress for me.
Very firm and supportive. My boyfriend is 184 lbs and only sinks about 1-2 inch. One of my female friends that is only about 5' 4" is 204 lbs and barely sinks at all. I can barely feel when anyone rolls over or sits on the bed like my six year old son is autistic and you can barely tell when he tries to bounce on it.
We've had ours for over a year, and it is still just as comfortable as it was the first day. We let it sit out without using it for 2-3 days, and it expanded to the proper size. I have recently bought another one and am just as happy, and my mom has bought a couple too. Not too firm, but not too soft. Great product.
Esta Bueno
I have been suffering from back & neck problems for 8 years. Recently had neck fusion and have not been able to sleep comfortably for years. This mattress was worth the money!! I have never slept better and I have had a reduction in pain since sleeping on it.
We purchased this a little over 5 yrs ago figuring for the price we could always replace it in a few years. Well...we are still sleeping on it and it is as good as ever! We have taken the cover off several times to wash it and it is still in excellent condition too. There aren't any "soft" spots-it is still firm all over. It is very firm when it is cold, but that is by design and after you get in the bed the area where you are laying softens up with your body heat. We have used our electric blanket to warm the whole bed before getting in and that seemed to soften up the whole thing...might work a little better if you have an electric mattress cover. We love this mattress so much that we are looking to get another one to put in our guest room and for our 2 older children-I just hope they haven't changed the way they make them! We also have the 5" mattress that Spa Sensations makes for our younger children on their bunk beds and so far they are just as good, just a little thinner. I highly recommend these mattresses.
Love this new mattress! Did many, many hours of review reading and seeking before buying, found the reviews to be enlightening, and bought the mattress. It delivered quickly, (before 9 am!) and the box was very heavy, but not unmanageable. Got the box to the bedroom and opened it right next to the bed. Dumped the still-rolled mattress onto the bed and cut open the bands. Mattress began expanding immediately. Did not notice any weird smell of any kind. The only complaint I have, like so many others before me, the mattress keeps my body temperature way too high. A waterproof mattress cover is HIGHLY recommended if you tend to sweat at night. We put this on top of our box spring and it is doing fine as a mattress. You would have to have a platform bed or no box spring to use it as a mattress cover if using it with your old mattress left intact.-it measured the full 8 inches for us.
This is absolutely the best mattress I have ever slept on in my life, hard to believe it comes in a little box.., ya cut it open and "POOF" there it is, no real odor, and didn't take but a few hours to grow full size. and I have the 8", I can only immagine the 12" but that might be almost too high for most platform beds. I'm light too(155) so for a heavier guy, the 12 might be better.No aches, no "dead arm" when I wake..it's just awesome. Do it. Buy it. Now!
For the price, this bed is the bomb-diggity. Super comfy. It did have the funky smell, but so does my grandma, and I still love her... Overall I'm super happy with my purchase. GET THIS BED
Got rid of a $1000 Stearns & Foster spring mattress and box spring set in favor of this inexpensive memory foam mattress. I could not be more satisfied. There is no need to seek a thicker or more expensive mattress if you are in the market for a memory foam mattress. This one will get the job done more than adequately. I kept my old mattress just in case I needed to return this one if it did not seem comfortable. No worries. I am keeping this one. It is firm at first, but you adjust very quickly. I combine this with a memory foam pillow and the combo is perfect. After experiencing some lower back discomfort, it appears to be slowly going away after a few nights on this mattress. I cannot recommend it highly enough. Do not spent over $2k on a pricey Temperpedic mattress. It is not necessary.
Very comfortable, the plastic smell goes away in a few days. No complaints whatsoever.
I was skeptical of ordering a mattress on line but I have to say this bed is fantastic. I needed a soft top but support underneath and this bed delivers. The value is outstanding. I am 5 foot 8 inches and 250 pounds and I am nowhere near bottoming out. I have been sleeping on it for several weeks and I am very pleased.
This is the real deal,I have never slept better! I feel so much better in the morning. and fall rite to sleep, with no tossing and turning. there was no chemical smell at all . and was fully expanded in 4 hours,
Ordered a king size mattress and had it shipped site to store. Took about a week to get to the store and fit no problem in the back seat of my husband's tiny Dodge Stratus. The mattress does smell very chemical-y when you open it and smelled up our bedroom for about a week. But the bed is very comfortable, my husband said his back doesn't hurt anymore. Very good mattress for the price!
This mattress is very comfortable and affordable. I purchased it for a daybed in my home office and have enjoyed naps on it ever since. Make sure you have the mattress in place before you remove the plastic cover. Then cut open the plastic and pull it out from under the mattress. Let it air out for a couple of days before you put linens on the bed. The plastic smell needs to dissipate. The product is a good value for the price. Recommended.
My kids' mattresses were getting worn and needing replacement. The price of these is in between a really cheap spring mattress, which is uncomfortable, and a high-quality spring mattress which will last longer than my kids (hopefully!) will still live here. They are every bit as comfortable as my name-brand memory foam mattress for a fraction of the price.
As a person with new back problems, I am more than pleased to recommend this product. I was looking for a memory foam mattrress and had expected to spend 4 time the cost for a twin size. I was blown away with finding it at WalMart and even more so with the cost. I have had it for a few weeks now and love it. My teenage son has problems sleeping and I was able to afford to buy him a full size Spa Sensations 8" Memory Foam Mattress. He is one happy boy. I have mine on a Hospital Type Bed and it works perfect as I has wanted it to.
Made sure with the manufacturer that it is latex free. So great to find something that is latex free and doesn't cost and arm and leg
The mattress was easy to unpack and to postion. Everyone was right about the smell, but did not last more than a day or two. It did take me about a week to adjust to the bed, after that I sleep like a baby. I was really shocked about how comfortable it is. I think the only downfall it has is that it is warmer then I anticiapted (but will be great this winter). But a small price to pay for comfortability. I did have to get deeper fitted sheets for it, the others I had did not fit.
Overall I am very pleased.
for the money - this is well worth it.
I had a $1k+ Sealy pillow top mattress. I decided to buy this mattress for my 2nd bedroom. This mattress is so good, I ended up switching. AWESOME!
When I purchased the Mainstays - Twin-Over-Twin Wood Bunk Bed, Honey Pine, I also purchased two Spa Sensations 8" Memory Foam Mattress for my daughter. She just loves the comfort they provide, wakes up refreshed and ready to start her day!!! I tried it out for myself one night, now I can't wait till I buy one for my queen bed!!! VERY HAPPY MOM!!!
EXCELENTE!!!! Few months ago i went to a specialize mattress store, very nice, extremely comfortable but.... WOW TOO EXPENSIVE, so after a read some reviews i decide to buy this one at walmart because it was for a guest bed and it wasn't expensive at all., and my surprise.. OHH WHAT A MATTRESS!!! so comfortable, light not too hard not too soft, just like its name "SPA SENSATIONS" your body feels like its in a cloud, i read it has some smell but.. NO IT DOESN'T. Now i will buy a king size for my bed because my husband only want to sleep in the guest bed!! i totally recommend this mattress, is the same than specialized stores for a significant price difference!
We have a vacation rental home and it is very important to have a mattress that pleases everyone (tough to do). This mattress does just that. It offers the support your back needs, but relieves the pressure points. Incredibly comfortable - would definitely purchase this again.
The bed is not too soft or firm. I'm 140lbs, and my hip/lower body sinks to perhaps 4/8 of the matress' depth when laying down. For those 160+ lbs, this matress might be too soft, therefor the 12" model could support better.

Pros: Great price, super comfy matress, no body aches due to great support. Sleeping on the chest is great with this matress because the way it contours to my body. I look forward to sleeping at night!

Con: Has its own magnetic field, keeping me on the bed for too long. I am now late for every event that is early in the morning. Clearly not my fault.

There is some foam smell. I spray air freshener over it and doesn't bother me.
this mattress is very comfortable and is a good quality for the price
We purchased this mattress for our son when he turned 5 to move him out of his toddler bed that he was finally growing out of. I wasn't sure about a memory foam mattress since I hadn't heard much about them and couldn't wrap my brain around not needing a box spring, plus I am not particularly fond of hard mattresses due to some back issues that I have but since baby/toddler mattresses are so firm anyways, we figured it's something that our son would have been used to. We took a chance based off of the reviews on this particular mattress and we were certainly not disappointed. Set up was a breeze! (We also purchased the black metal Spa Sensations frame from Walmart.com to go with the mattress) The mattress came vacuum packed in a box that I was able to carry upstairs myself. Then we just had to open the package, unfold the mattress, then give it a few hours to fully rise! We didn't really experience any odors after about a day and the best part was, our son loved it so much that he wasn't sad about losing his "little bed" anymore! We purchased the mattress in July 2013 and our son hasn't had any problems and still Loves his big bed. I on the other hand have not spent too much time on the mattress as if I were going to sleep on it, but it is comfortable to sit on and springs back to its original shape with ease when I get off of it. My husband thinks it is really comfortable and has slept in it with no complaints. We will be buying another one for our daughter when it is time!
I was looking for a memory foam to be firm, clean and high quality and this is all of that. The price was the best of all online offers. The packaging was very easy to handle. We purchased a queen for our camper trailer and look forward to comfy nights on the road. I am very pleased and may buy another one soon.
Walmart hit it out of the ball park with this one. lets face it. im unable to pay $1,000.00 for a mattress. but this one feels like a $1,000.00 Mattress.
I purchased this mattress for my 13 year old son who says he enjoys it and states it very comfortable after all he asked for it.
We have these mattresses on three of the four daily use beds in our home, and will be replacing the fourth one soon. They are comfortable, supportive and lightweight enough to handle if need be.
I just can't believe this mattress cost only $199.. Feels the same as a $2000 TemperPedic...Really!!
I really didn't expect much from this mattress considering the price in comparison to other memory foam mattresses, however, it is a nicely firm mattress that has been giving me excellent support and a good night's sleep since it arrived.

Although the packaging and product information said that it could take up to 2 days for it to fully reach it normal size after being compacted into the box, mine reached the full 8" depth within 6 hours so I was able to use it the day it arrived It isn't as easy to get into as a coil spring because if you sit on the edge, it compresses and it can sometimes hinder moving to the center of the mattress, but once there my biggest problem is I hate to get out of bed because I am so comfortable.
Great value! Bought it for my teen. She loved it. Its very soft. When you sit on it you sink right in. So if thats what your looking for- you found it at a great price. Easy to set up as well.
Maybe I'm a bit biased because I bought this to replace a 10 year old futon...but I am blown away by the comfort and quality of this mattress. I am so glad that it cost what it did- and having done a lot of research before purchasing, I am floored by how much value I got for my money.

There was little or no off-gassing. I was prepared to air out the room for days as the penance for buying a mattress on a budget, but I was pleasantly surprised by noticing little or no scent. I suppose this mattress is firm, but it certainly sinks in and is perfect for my taste.

From the first time I lay down on it, I found this mattress to be supremely comfortable. All my family members are jealous. I think they may all purchase the same mattress after trying out mine. Compared to IKEA, which I thought would be a sure bet for a budget, nothing came close to the comfort and size (8 inches) that this product offers. When I tried places like BEDS, BEDS, BEDS, they were only able to offer spring mattresses, and those were still more expensive than this and FAR less comfortable, even for a short tryout. I was nervous to make a big purchase without first trying out the product, but took a leap of faith and am glad I did.

I've only had it for about a week, so only time will tell if it continues to exceed my expectations or whether it will have to be replaced within a couple years, but so far, so great.

I really couldn't recommend it more, based on my experience to this point.
Very nice mattress!.. Came out of box and expanded to full size quickly. Easy to maneuver. Always had spring mattress.. this ones beats it in comfort by long shot! No bad smell as others have gotten.. no regrets on this purchase!
We have two Tempurpedic mattresses that we have been using for the last 7 years and gave them both to our kids so that we could go from a Queen to a King size. I bought this mattress because of the reviews we saw on this page. My husband has back pain and so finding a great mattress is important. We didn't have 1000 plus dollars to spend this time so I started to look for alternatives. We thought we would give this mattress a try and it turns out to be a great product. My husband loves it and that says a lot! We have both a firm and plush tempurpedic mattress and I would say this Spa Sensations Memory foam mattress is in between. It isn't as firm as my firm Tempurpedic, but it isn't as plush as my other softer tempurpedic. I prefer more firm mattresses, but for the cost I am very pleased with this mattress.
Bought a full size for a bunk bed. Fits perfectly and seems to be very well made.
We already had a 4in memory foam topper and decided to go ahead and cont. using it since this mattress is a bit firm for us but we like a pretty soft bed. Over all I would def. recommend. Only took about 12hrs and it expanded to the full 8in.
I bought this mattress for my grandson, and he loves it. It arrived quickly, so fast it beat the bed getting here! It had a slight odor but it did go away after only a couple days. The bed is firm, yet soft. It probably would be best suited for someone that doesn't weigh a whole lot, my husband, who's pushing 280, likes it, but he's never slept on it. If you weigh more than 150, you may want to splurge for the 12". The zip off and washable liner is awesome and a wonderful idea. I would definitely recommend this mattress.
VERY Comfy!!!
I love this Bed. It was easy to set up and didn't take very long to start decompressing. It seems it gets more comfortable as the days pass. I have no regrets. I have slept better since I have bought the bed. It is firm when you first get in then it forms to your body. :)
The mattress comes rolled up ,so put it where you need it to be . Once you open the plastic the mattress expands and gets within 2 inches of its full height. It takes about 48 hours to expand all the way. Mattress is firm yet really comfortable.
Mattress was delivered to store ahead of expected arrival, given a couple days to expand, and has been providing great nights' sleep since. Bought a twin for my teenage daughter and she loves it - says she sleeps deep and just doesn't want to move. Might end up getting more for others in the family now. To note, the box it ships in is small enough to fit into normal cars.
strong but soft
Got it in less than a week, opened the box and left it for 48 hrs and it was ready to use.
Good quality and very comfortable !
I was shocked at how comfortable this mattress is to sleep on....And I didn't even have box spring under it!! I had also bought a frame that had springs across it & together they have given me a perfect nights sleep ever since. I highly recommend this mattress. I have a bad back & it's next to impossible to find anything I can get comfortable on. What a deal!
I now have replaced all my old school mattresses with these Spa Sensations. This last purchase replaced the one in our travel trailer. The first one (King) is 3 years old and still feels as good as the first day I bought it.
very good product, very good quality, highly recommended
I purchased two of these mattresses for a set of bunk beds. They set on top of the original 4 inch, rock-hard mattresses that came with the bunks. My goal in purchasing these was to make the grandkids night's sleep more comfortable. I tried one of them out myself and was really surprised just how comfortable it was. They weighed more than I expected and getting one up to the top bunk by myself was a bit tricky but I discovered that pulling it up from one end rather than pushing it up, worked for this senior citizen. The sheets and new mattress pads fit it beautifully. They are going to be pleased when they come to visit this week.
We are very happy with our purchase for a guest bed. It was amazing to see the mattress expand to the full size after seeing it wrapped up in a bag.
I have a bad back and have been sleeping in my recliner for a long period of time. Someone suggested that I get a Memory Foam Mattress and after researching everywhere I found this to be the best. I am here to tell you this is probably the best purchase that I have made in a long time. It contours to my body and hits every point that has not let me get a good nights sleep. It is Wonderful and I would advise anybody with a painful body issue to purchase this mattress and even those that don't have an issue. It's like sleeping on a cloud. I promise if you purchase this mattress, you will never be sorry and it is more than worth the price.
I can't get up because I don't want to! From the first night, I have been very comfortable, quite happy to not get out of bed if I don't have to. This makes a welcome change from waking up in pain and being in pain all day long. My job requires me to sit at a computer for long periods of time. I can manage now for an entire 10-hour shift and be tired, anxious to go back to bed, but not in pain! I could never last more than 2 hours without pain with my last sleeping arrangement.

I can't speak to its being 8 inches because I put my 4-inch topper from my last bed on top of this 8 inches, and that's 12 inches of comfort and support. I put this on a Spa Sensations platform and the height is perfect for me as I'm tall.

If I don't seem terribly enthusiastic with this review, it is because it is 9 p.m. I don't want to talk about my new bed, I want to be in it.
I bought this for my granddaughter and she is very happy with it.
After reading almost every review I took the plunge & bought this mattress; the fact that I could easily return it if I needed to was the deciding factor. I & my husband are so pleased with this mattress. We both had back pain from trying to sleep on our old pillowtop & really didn't want to spend 2k or so on a brand name memory foam mattress. I was apprehensive about buying this because of the less than stellar reviews I had read, but I am so glad I did. It arrived quickly in a box that was easy to get into the house. We had wrestled our old california king out of the waterbed frame & it was very easy to put the new mattress in. You could hear the air rushing in once the plastic packaging was cut off. At first the mattress expanded to about 3/4 of the way to the top of the frame; I kept checking it every half hour or so but it looked the same. I began to think I had made a mistake. Toward evening it still hadn't risen as high as it was supposed to, but I decided to go ahead & make the bed up. We slept on it that first night & were amazed at how comfortable it was. By the next evening it had expanded all the way & we absolutely love this mattress. No more back pain. No more struggling to turn over because you're in too much pain to move. Some reviewers have commented on a strong smell--we barely noticed any smell at all; we pretty much had to bury our noses in it to pick it up. I think some people are more sensitive to odors than others; we had no problem in that regard. This mattress works for us.
This mattress is amazing! I have a friend with same type of mattress. They paid more for theirs. I can tell theirs is a higher quality, but for the price mine Spa Sensations is prefect. It is so comfortable. My back does not hurt any more when I wake up.

It arrive at my door in a box. I opened the box and the mattress was in a tight roll in a plastic bag. I open the bag and let my 5 year old grandson to jump on it to help puff it up. When it was fully fluffed up about 3 to 4 hours it was ready to sleep on.

If you are thinking of purchasing this mattress DO IT and you can thank you later.
I ordered this for my grandson's twin bed. It arrived at my front door. Opened the box and the bag it was in and in a few minutes it was on his bed. Mesured it as soon as I put it on the bed and it was 7.5". Instructions said it may take up to 48 hours to expand, but mine didn't take hardly anytime. Love it and so does my grandson!
This is our second time buying this mattress. First was a queen and is now in our guest room and we bought a second one in King size to go with our new, bigger bed. The first one has held up well to daily use over the last few years and is still in excellent condition which is why we bought another one and highly recommend this!
The mattress only took a few hours to get to its 8" thickness. Bought it for an adult size twin bed. Semi firm feel but the memory foam makes it comfortable. We are planning on getting the Queen size one next.
I've been wanting to buy a memory foam bed for a while, and when I came across the Spa Sensations 8" Memory Foam Mattress on Wal-Mart.com and reading about it on their website, I just had to buy it since the price was Very attractive.

I live in the NYC area of Connecticut and we have a chain store called Bob's Discount Furniture. They sell their Bob-O-Pedic 9" Memory Foam Mattress for $600 [plus Ct. sales tax], plus me either having to go pick it up or pay for delivery, but in either case that is Much less expensive than the brand name TermporPedic that is twice as much in cost.

So I did a Google search for Discount Memory Foam Mattress and Wal-Mart.com came up. I of course clicked on it and read about it and it seemed to be very much the same as the other competing brands out there but the price was $179.00 shipped to my door for a Full Size Mattress. I believe there was a return policy so I figured I had nothing to really loose, so I purchased it.

Not only did it arrive days before it said it was to be delivered, I can honestly say that after sleeping on it for the past 3 weeks, this really was the bargain of the decade for me. I am absolutely pleased with the firmness and support this quality mattress provides, not to mention my back feels great when I wake up, unlike with my old Spring Mattress from Serta. Granted it was more than 12 years old, but it had the eventual gully in the middle of the mattress and no where near the support when it was brand new that

I now have from the Spa Sensations Memory Foam Mattress.

Only time will tell if my new Spa Sensations Memory Foam Mattress will last the test of time, but at this price, I can still buy three of these mattresses over the next 12 years and still only pay less than $600.

Thank You Wal-Mart! This mattress truly lives up to your tag line of "Save Money, Live Better"!!

Highly Recommended and I give this 6 out of 5 Stars because it

Please note that after this mattress comes out of the box, it does take up to 2-3 days for it to become a full 8" in thickness. At first it was only 6" and I thought somebody pulled a fast one on me. Never the less, it was Very comfortable and I slept great!

There is a slight oder for a few days after you take it out of the plastic wrap, but it did not bother me at all. I am Very sensitive to odors and this was nothing bad at all [to me].

Once again! I am absolutely thrilled from my investment in this quality mattress. I sleep great and wake up feeling even better!! :-)
This was my first memory foam mattress and for the price I couldn't be happier. I'm not sure why most people aren't getting a full 8" expansion. Mine expanded in probably less than 24 hours. For now I'm using it directly on the floor and that's working well, but I'll probably want to get a platform soon just so it's easier to get out of bed. Definitely one of my better purchases.
This is my second Spa Sensations Memory Foam Mattress. I bought a 12" twin mattress about 3 years ago for my then 18 month old son. It was the most comfortable mattress in the house. I frequently slept on that one over my very expensive name brand mattress. I am now moving the 12" twin mattress to the guest bedroom so I needed a new one for my now 4.5 year old son. The 8" mattress arrived quickly. The box was a bit beat up but the mattress was in perfect condition. I opened it up around lunch time and put it on the bed frame. By 6PM that night it had already expanded to it's full height. The mattress is firm but very comfortable and I'm sure it will break in a little over time. My son & I both love it. He loves the mattress and I love the price. This is by far the best mattress deal out there. When it comes time to replace my very expensive Queen sized mattress I'll be purchasing the Spa Sensations 10" for myself. Happy Sleeping to all and to all a good night!
This memory foam mattress is comfortable. I don't have a platform bed yet, so its on the floor and its still comfortable to sleep on. I like the price of the memory foam mattress compared to the price of a traditional mattress. I will recommend the Spa Sensation brand as a good value.
I bought this in a king size to replace the much plusher pillow top mattress I had. The older mattress had developed peaks and valleys and was no longer comfortable. My wife and I both love the mattress and find it extremely comfortable. The memory foam is great. Being able to buy the mattress and have it delivered free to my door is quite convenient. It is quite a warm mattress, as others have mentioned. Hopefully it won't be a problem in the summer. I just wish I had gotten the one that's a little thicker base, as it would fit my linens a little better.
This is my 4th Spa Sensations memory foam mattress - yes, I'm that sold on them! They are sooooo comfortable. Combine this with one of the spa sensations bed frames (that do not require a box spring) and you have the perfect bed. I bought my first mattress several years ago and so far it doesn't show wear - no "sinkholes", etc. I would highly, highly, highly recommend this. When I say this is my 4th mattress, I don't mean that I've had to replace them, I've just gotten more of them!
For the amount of money paid this memory foam mattress is just as good as the tempur pedic my mother owns. This is the second one I've bought and I would definitely buy it again. Very comfy.
This Mattress is AMAZING!!!!! I was weary at first but the reviews seemed outstanding. FIRST, it showed up a whole week early. It estimated a 2 week delivery and that time was cut in half! I opened the bad according to the instructions and yes it did have a smell, but it smelt like new foam! I just opened the window in the room with a fan blowing in it and the smell was dull that night and eventually was gone all together by day 2. It immediately expanded to the correct dimensions with no lumps, but we still waited the full 48 hours to use it. It is extremely comfortable. I fall asleeo faster and so does my husband and he doesnt wake up in the middle of the night any more. All around both of our sleep has significantly improved since ordering this matress.
I was skeptical at first because its Walmart and I have had bad experience with furniture in the past however this was a great buy. The measurements are correct which I worried about because of a review I read. THE BOX RECOMMENDS THAT YOU LET THE MATTRESS SIT OUT FOR 48 HOURS PRIOR TO SLEEPING ON IT, so be mindful however I didn't do that... I just set it up before 2pm the day of and was good. It measures out to be pretty close to 8inches which is the size I ordered so I wont complain about minimal measurements AND it fit my new queen bed frame which I bought new from somewhere else.
I was not expecting this mattress to be that great because of the price. I bought it for my son who has back issues and needed a firm mattress. It had a lot of good reviews so I decided to try it before I spent 1800 on another mattress. He loves it, says it is the best mattress he has ever slept on and a couple of his previous mattresses were around $1000. He said it is firm but it molds to your body. I am very impressed with the quality of this mattress. It is actually pretty unbelievable for the price. I would highly recommend this mattress to anyone. We are using it with a box spring so I am
not sure if that makes a difference or not. Good quality, amazing price.
2nd one I've owned .. I love it.
I was in need of a more comfortable bed but I didn't have a lot of money to spend.
I had look at all of the local stores and the cost of a mattress, box spring, bed frame and home delivery really added up to a small fortune ! So I decided to purchase this mattress from Walmart.com and hope for the best, I was pleasently suprised. This is my first Memory Foam mattress , it feels quite different than a mattress with springs in it but I adjusted to it quickly and have been sleeping well.
I wanted to save money so I chose a bed frame that does not require a box spring. Both the mattress and bed frame were shipped quickly to my door for FREE !
I love free shipping :o) Thank you Walmart.com
Had I gone to a local furniture store it would have cost over $50 to get home delivery.
I have only been sleeping on this mattress for about a week , it is very comfortable.
I feel I got a good quality mattress for the price I paid, I do hope it last a long time.
This is the second mattress I've purchased. A great value and a very comfortable sleep for 2 bills. Better than any spring mattress and far cheaper than Tempurpedic or any other brand.
Oh I'm in love with this 8inch memory foam mattress topper, I have been sleeping so comfortable since I added this mattress. However it made my bed extra high I had to purchase a step stool but I truly love the heightens. Soft relaxing and sleeping longer and with less interruptions in my sleep. I highly recommend this mattress.
Ordered this mattress for my son. It arrived in 3 days. Expanded completely in a few hours, and is very comfortable. We will buy again.
Love this, I am going to purchase the twin and full sizes too.
I bought a new brand name mattress 3 years ago and haven't had a good nights sleep since. My daughter bought one of your memory foam mattresses and after sleeping on it one night I was sold and had to buy one for myself. I love it!
If you are looking for slightly firm and still spongy mattress, this is it! Very comfortable! Using it everyday for the last two months. Sound sleep every night and never had my body/back paining. The quality of streusel used is very good. I am fully satisfied. Also easy to order online and delivery is quick. The shipment is packed very well. Once you unroll, it gets ready in 2 hours though I kept it unused for more than 6 hours as I had another bed. I am thinking of buying this more my son too!
I could not be more pleased it arrived at my door...that night and every one since has been "the best I've ever had." Open the box, follow the easy instruction...and it's done!!!!
So I read a ton of reviews for this mattress before I purchased it to make sure I was getting a good deal. I was mainly concerned at how some people mentioned that it wouldn't fully decompress to the full 8 inches. To my surprise I got this within 2 days delivered at home. Ordered on Sunday and by Tuesday fed ex was at my door. Once I opened up the bag the mattress began to decompress immediately. Once it was opened it only took maybe 20 minutes for it to expand to the full 8 inches.

This mattress is so comfortable. I'm a big guy and the firmness is just perfect. Definitely worth every single cent I paid for. I am so happy with this mattress. I sleep so much better and longer and the comfort is amazing. Its firm yet soft as it molds to your body.
We actually have two of these mattresses. They are very comfortable and hold up well.
The spa Sensation 8" memory foam mattress is great, My 21 year old, 6 foot, son loves it.
The compact packaging makes it easy for transport or delivery. My only complaint is - it went on sale right after I ordered it.
There may be better mattresses out there, but I would say I don't think there are any more comfortable. This one is well made and feels great to lay down on. It comes with a five year warranty, so it should last that long. I would recommend this product to a good friend.
After reading lot of reviews I opted out this mattress. It is really worth it. I chose the Queen size which is quite comfortable for 2 people. Mattress expanded to its full size within few hours after opening the package. Really nice product and worth for the bucks.
This bed had made out possible for me to sleep at night again it's comfortable and stays cool
I bought the 8" version of this mattress and it is very comfortable. It is a great improvement over my old inner spring. I would definitely buy it again. Highly recommended.
I would recommend this product to anyone. I've already recommended it to friends and family. I got it for my daughter. It is very comfortable. Also, arrived at the store over a week before the expected date. Great experience ordering this item with Wal-Mart.
Good for the money you pay. This is a comfortable product. Packing was good and delivered on time. I would definitely recommend to my friends.
This is the best mattress i've ever slept on, and the price was unbeatable.
Bought this for my teenage daughter. she wanted a soft "temperpedic" matress like mine. By no means is this equivalent to the original but it is a great buy, soft and cushy and well worth the price. We did not notice the smell that comes with memory foam either And not that i measured but i do belive it was plenty thick in the 8in (i would not attempt the 6in). I will be ordering a second one to replace my other daughter's matress as well.
We purchased a full size for the bottom of a bunk bed we recently got and this mattress is amazing! I was worried with some of the negative reviews and photos but we had no issues. I'v literally been reading these reviews for a year! I removed it from the box, tore of the plastic and it just took shape in less than a minute! It looks amazing! I will be ordering one for our master bedroom.
I got this for an extra room mattress. It is very comfortable. Great for the value
Very comfortable, I sleep better since I purchased this mattress
Great for just starting out . Super comfy at a extremely good price. I will be purchasing another for my spare bedrooms.
I love this mattress it is so comfortable. I love the compact size you can put it in a average size car to haul it home,plumps up to a complete size.
I am enjoying sleeping on my new spa mattress. I wake up refreshed and rejuvated. Thanks for a great product.
I purchased this matress for my 5 yo after a bedbug infestation it arrived on time but my matress and boxspring didnt... perfect matress completely comfortable inflated to right size great firmness we've been sleeping on it together since my bad has not come...best sleep of my life
I SUFFER WITH BACK PAIN AND THE MATTRESS ON MY BED MADE IT WORSE. I'M SO GLAD I PURCHASED THIS MEMORY FOAM MATTRESS AND I AM GETTING GOOD SLEEP, NO MORE STAYING UP ALL NIGHT WITH PAIN WOULD RECOMMEND
I was not sure if I was going to like this mattress, but now I don't sleep well anywhere else.
We absolutely love this mattress! No problems at all with it. We opened it up and let it rise...it is 8 inches and is so comfortable, beyond my expectations!!! We purchased the queen size and have been using it now for about a week, so far no problems.
We just shifted in and needed a brand new comfortable queen size mattress smwhere within 100-200$.ultimately after doing research over websites;we purchased this mattress online and we are happy that we bought it.The mattress is superb;you feel like luxury that no mattress can provide.We are experiencing good and refreshing sleep and the looks are non-traditional mattress type;refreshing and neat.Thanks spa sensations for making such a masterpiece!!!!
Bought this for my 19 year old daughter and she said that it was so comfortable that she slept until noon the next day. We would recommend this product to friends.
This is one of my best purchases.
Very comfortable bed! Great price! Got this mattress for my daughter!
It is an affordable memory form mattress and very comfortable. I just love it. It fits my full size bed frame perfectly.
V good
beats having mattresses and box springs.
Great comfort great on your back
I'm a side sleeper so I definitely can appreciate how memory foam fits into the contours of my side while I sleep. I also love how quiet the mattress is whe you move around. After a long day on my feet, its also comforting for my back and legs. The mattress re-inflates quickly after opening so its ready to sleep on immediately, but had a funny persistent scent to it for a few weeks. Aside from that, I like that it comes with a removable cover that is machine washable. Great price (which you can always expect from Walmart) and I'm very happy with my purchase :)
You must have to wait +48 hrs to use it. Anyway, this mattress is sooo comfortable. Finally I managed to sleep all night long. 5 stars.
9yrs married and we'd never had a NEW mattress, always used a hand me down a family member was trading up for, and once a craigslist buy *shudders.* So we took our tax refund and took a chance on this bed (along with a platform frame). BOY were we lucky! This bed is comfortable, pretty, and makes me mad I have to get up and face the day out of my luxurious bed!

It did have a slight smell, but it's going to since it's been pressure wrapped in plastic. The smell went away after a few days. We unwrapped it and let it set up for about 24hrs and it was ready to go. Super easy to setup and deal with, and amazingly worth it!!
I've been sleeping on an extra firm spring mattress for a while now, this bed is so luxurious and comfortable I never want to get up.
I've read a lot of reviews that say it is too firm, especially if you don't weigh a lot. I am a 120lb female and this mattress provides the perfect amount of give, while also being supportive.
I was hesitant to buy a mattress online, especially one I hadn't tried before, but I'm extremely happy with my purchase.
I recently separated from my husband and had to get a quick mattress for cheap!! We have a tempurpedic which we spent a pretty penny on so I wanted to get something similar but for way cheaper...this mattress is awesome ! It's firm and comfy & hasn't lost its shape! I recommended it to a friend and she purchased and loved it as well
This bed is so comfortable. The moment you lay on it, you won't want to get up. My back feels wonderfully amazing in this bed. I've experienced no tossing or turning, and I sleep straight through the night. It didn't have any smell when I took it out of the box, which was great and it took no time to expand to its full capacity. Buy it, YOU WONT REGRET IT!
Easy to set up with 2 people; was exactly what I expected.
i suffer from lower back pain due to 3 herniated discs. my previous spring mattress only made matters worse over the last 2 years. this memory foam mattress took away my pain after the 2nd night of sleep. i couldn't be happier! i'm ordering another for my mom and a 3rd for my brother in law. my wife has suffered from hip pains the last few years as well. not anymore! amazing what a memory foam mattress can do! excellent value for the money!!
I bought this for the spare, fold up, roll around guest bed that only had this terrible 4 inch mattress. I sneak down to sleep on it when the kids and wife won't let me sleep. It is incredibly comfortable ! You just melt into the top layer with great support from underneath. I always wake refreshed with no aching or pain or stiffness. The wife only laid on it for 30 seconds and said it's too soft but she doesn't know what she is talking about. I HIGHLY recommend this mattress !
The mattress is so comfortable and great. I got got this item for a family member and they just love it.
This mattress is terrific. I am very pleased. I didn't have any problems unpacking it and it fluffed up nicely. My only problem was keeping my grandson off it while it was decompressing. It is comfortable to sleep on and although several reviewers said it smelled like chemicals, I had no problem with that. It just smelled new. Now my other grandson wants one like this for his bed. I wish it had handles on the sides, but that is just my pet peeve.
I have been searching for a memory foam mattress for a long time and finally decided on this one. Very good purchase!! It arrived in two days (with standard shipping) and took just a few hours to expand to 95%. After 24 hours it measures a full 8". Very low odor. I wouldn't even call it an odor. Just a newness type smell. Very comfortable. I debated getting the 6" and am very glad I got the 8". I am 5'10"/215 lbs and it supports me great. I can honestly say I have slept so much better since this mattress. We will be buying more. Walmart's price is the best.
I liked the product a lot. It is very easy on the back. However, memory foam is super foamy and does not provide much back support. I got a sturdier top mattress for back support. The mattress looks great though, and has a washable cover. Great value for money! It is shipped in tightly rolled up and needs 1 day to get it's normal shape.
I was worried about this due to it only being 8", it being cheap, etc. but this bed is absolutely fantastic. It did not smell at all. I opened it on the deck and left it for about 6 hours. Then it put it to use. It was great, it inflated fully and there is no chance I can feel the platform slats underneath. I climb into bed every night amazed at how soft and comfortable it is, yet it is so supportive. I am a stomach and side sleeper and never have any pain.
It was a little hot at first. It can hold body heat if you have cheap cotton sheets. I had to adjust my sheets and pajama combo but now I sleep soundly with a down comforter and am happy as can be.

This seriously is a fantastic purchase. I never write reviews but I just had to for this.
My husband sleeps in a reclining chair due to severe back pain. I bought the 8" Memory Foam Mattress hoping that he may be able to lie down and sleep since he gets very little rest in the chair. He has been sleeping in the bed for a week now with no problem. He still suffers some back pain but it's minimal now. I'd recommend anyone try this product. It's extremely comfortable and well worth the money I paid for it.
I've had the 8" queen mattress for six months now. It is a very firm mattress but I purchased a 3" fiber bed and the combination is just perfect. I did make the bed before the full 72 hours were up because we didn't have anything else to sleep on but it was almost fully expanded within eight hours. There was a pretty strong odor to me but I am very sensitive to smells, it didn't bother my spouse at all. I rotate the mattress once a month because I notice that I sink deeper into it than my spouse and I'm trying to keep the wear on the mattress as even as possible. It still springs back to its original shape wonderfully. My 15 and six year old sons have had the 6" twin mattresses for the same length of time and they're still happy with their "new" beds. I rotate their mattresses once a month and they have fiber bed toppers, also, which I think is helping to keep the mattress itself like new. For the price I paid, I'm very happy with these mattresses and would buy them again in the future.
Super comfortable at a great price!
It shipped fast, was delivered in good condition, and was easy to set up. Slept on it the first night (did not give the recommended 24-48 hrs to decompress) and loved it! I hope it stays this comfortable for a long time.
I've had mine for a long time. It is very firm at first. Lie down on it for awhile and you'll eventually feel it start to conform to your body. And it supports your entire body instead of just certain areas. I've had mine a long time. Probably 5 years or more. The spot where I sleep every night, over the years, has gotten to be very soft and quite comfortable. I love this bed. I have some serious back problems. Back pain is a chronic issue for me. And it has improved dramatically since I started sleeping on this bed. I lay down each night and at first I put my feet up over a pillow to take the pressure off my back but after a few minutes I sink in and can get rid of the pillow. The one thing I don't like about the bed is the cover, stuff like lint sticks to it really badly. Mine is covered in little black pieces of lint from my blankets. Of course, the spot where I don't sleep is still very firm and I try sleeping in that spot on occasion and I can't. It's annoying. But I've become so accustomed to sleeping in that one spot where I sink in that I can't sleep on the other side. My dad offered to give me his brand new pillow top he paid like $1200 for it. I turned him down. Memory foam is the way to go for people with chronic back pain. He doesn't understand, oh well.
I bought this mattress for my son's room. I had to test it out and it is quite comfortable. I sleep on a sleep number bed that I love but this mattress is good and I could sleep on it which is saying a lot because I don't find other mattress comfortable
This matress is excellent value, but is a little hard on the back. Compared to my old water bed it is great, however, if you sleep on your side it's a bit hard, without much "give" in it.

Perhaps the experiece will improve over time.
I tried this mattress just to see if I would like it. My son will be taking it to college in the fall. I'm sure it's a matter of personal preferences, but I like my spring mattress better. I miss the bounce. And it is somewhat hard to turn over or change positions once your body has molded itself to the foam. I get a good night's sleep and haven't had the hip pain that I sometimes wake with on the spring mattress. But since my husband HATES this mattress (he says it feels like he's sleeping on a piece of plywood - it IS firm), we'll be sticking with a traditional mattress. My children LOVE the foam, by the way.
This is a wonderful buy! Very comfortable, sleeps great. I like it so much we are buying another one for the bed in our motorhome. I am not stiff and creaky when I get up in the morning. Texture and feel is a bit different than a regular mattress, so one might need to get used to that.
So Ive had this mattress for about 2 months. If you prefer a more plushy mattress to a firmer one then this would be a great fit. I only wish there was more memory foam thickness as opposed to "fillers" hence the 2nd, 3rd & 4th layers. This is the only reason I gave it a 4 star rating. At first I was skeptical because I was very stiff the first morning I woke up and I wondered if Id made a mistake buying a softer mattress. After about 2 weeks my sleep improved and no longer had lower back pain and stiffness. So maybe my posture was so out of wack that the mattress retrained my sleeping posture after years of sleeping bad mattresses. I would strongly suggest buying a mattress cover (zipped) for this one because it is succeptable to lint buildup. Walmart.com has them, but they were sold out of the king sized ones so I purchased mine from ebay. This is the 8 inch mattress. I measured it and it only expands to about 7in-7.5in give or take after a month which is still a decent height. Overall this has been a good investment. I wouldnt reccomend this type of mattress to use on one of those steel (none boxpspring) setups because of the contouring and it deflates (naturally) when more weight is atop the mattress which is why I bought the 8in one as opposed to a 2in, 3in, 4in etc. I will say that it holds up pretty well with a standard boxspring/bedframe setup. My partner and I are 400+lbs together. If you really want a "true" memory foam mattress that is super plushy then I would suggest a more high-end brand. However this one has worked great for me so far and is an excellent alterative. Happy Sleeping!
The mattress was firmer than I expected, but that is not necessarily a bad thing. All in all, it gives good support and is a vast improvement over the mattress it replaced. I would have liked a little more "give", but the most important thing, bar none, is that it eliminated "pressure points" where my body tried to conform to the mattress rather than the other way around. I don't wake up with sore shoulders or hips. I don't need to see the chiropractor. I would have liked squishy, but that may not have been good for me. The mattress that was delivered *is* good for me. If had a single complaint, it would be that the mattress holds body heat. It starts out warm and gets warmer the longer you lie on it. If you cling to your bed partner in hopes of absorbing body heat, this is the mattress for you, but if you are always too warm no matter what you do, invest in a 100% cotton mattress cover and some high thread-count cotton sheets, because you're going to need them.
The Mattress is sensational. I purchased this for my son returning home from college and he loves it. His words, "It feels like I'm sleeping on clouds." I sat on it, I wouldn't go that far but it is very comfortable. I was skeptical because I believed that a mattress has to be thick to be comfortable, but this proved me wrong. I may buy one for myself, but I'll get a 10 inch or thicker. Just in case. Oh Yeah, It was delivered earlier than expected in a nice sized box. It expanded, like magic as soon as it was taken out of the box and removed from the bag it was encased in. Awesome!!
This is the third spa sensations mattress that I have purchased. I have been more than happy with two of the purchases. I have purchased a 12" twin that was a great, an 8" twin that is just right for my daughter, but I also purchased a 12" queen. The queen was not as wonderful as the twins. BUT we returned it to our local Wal-Mart and they returned our money. We will consider trying again with another queen.
Never had a memory foam mattress before, so my review is from that point of view. Was easy to unpack & assembled, waited 24hours or almost reset before using it. I must say I didn't feel the change until my 2nd night sleeping, still is a little bit hard to turn on it, but I am a heavy person, so maybe that influences, although overall I am pleased with it.
Expanded upto 7" but is soft and comfortable as advertised.
We are happy with the purchase of of this mattress. It was a good value and seems well made. It has a lot of 'give' when you push on it, but seemed a little firm laying on it at first. I imagine it will soften up the more it is used.
The mattress itself feels nice and soft and very comfortable. I just wish it were a little thicker as that foam sinks all the way down to my box spring at certain times. I got the 8" but if the 12" is just as soft I would go for that
My son has been enjoying his new mattress for about a week and says it's the best sleep he's had in a while. A good starting point if you want to leave spring-based mattresses behind but don't want to spend a huge amount of money for a memory foam mattress.
We bought this mattress for our toddler. We wanted a good bed for him, but weren't necessarily looking for a bed to last him through high school. We thought this looked like a good bed and was a good price to last him at least several years. We just have it set on the floor in his room now. So far it's been pretty good. It took a couple days for it to "inflate" (for lack of a better term) from the vacuum packing but it's fine now. It's comfortable and our toddler seems to like sleeping on it so far. Since it's memory foam, it isn't much fun to jump on, which is a feature about memory foam we liked.
Only time will tell if it will hold up, but after a couple of days out of the package, it is perfect.
I thinkn I should of got the bed thicker because the bed cant have a box spring cause it would make the bed way to high. Other than that it is super comfy and looks great.
Excellent shipping service, is a full 8 inches, easy setup, noticed no odor. The matttress is not as firm as I would have liked, seems to be on the spongy side. Does seem to bounce back in to shape. Still getting used to it, time will tell if it holds up. I would definitely buy this over the more expensive foam mattresses available.
Delivered on time with no problems. Set up and settled within a day. This was for my daughter and she loves it. I have slept on it and it is very comfortable. I do not think it is 8 inches in depth but it works for her twin bed.
I had doubts but was surprised to find that this is an excellent mattress. It ranks up with my old posturpedic that cost more than 10 times as much. It was ready to sleep on in less than 2 days. A bit on the firm side but comfortable. Thanks
Bought this for my teenage son. He likes it and said it was a lot comfier than his inner spring mattress. Nice you don't need a box spring. I have ordered two more for my other boys.
This is a great mattress...very comfortable sleeping. the only drawback is that it does get a little warm but that was fixed with a gel topper. I would purchase another one if the need arises.
So far so good and the price is right!
I would say the foam mattress is not as comfortable as a really good mattress but I was not wanting to spend money on a new mattress just yet and this has helped. I tend to feel more comfortable sleeping on a little bit of a firm mattress and this is not firm like a mattress would be but is still comfortable. I would recommend this product for sure!
Bought the mattress for my 10 year old girl. So far we really love it. I'm curious how long it will last. But for now we love the mattress.
First off, I gave this mattress four stars only because it did not puff up to the full 8" as expected. Nevertheless, it's a lot thicker than the futon I was sleeping on previously. The mattress feels hard to the touch, but when you lie down on it, there are no lumps or bumps or anything else to make you feel uncomfortable. If you have a regular sized mattress now, be aware that you will have to buy new sheets and mattress pads to fit the height of this mattress. Overall, my dogs and I are very happy with this mattress.
I bought this thickness because I don't use a box spring. I love it and is just as thick it said to be. Follow the directions and you won't be let down. I heard it's stinky but I didn't have an issue with any smell. I highly recommend this for side and back sleepers. It helped relieve my back pain. If there was an issue, it's that it gets warmer than your average matress. You may not need that extra blanket during rhe winter but you may need to lower the thermostat during the summer.
The mattress is very comfortable. The price was really good. I had it shipped to my house and it arrived on schedule in excellent condition. I will purchase the same mattress for my son's bed.
It expands after being removed from the box and bag and it is similar in size to a mattress with springs, it is not a mattress topper, it is a full size mattress.
Bought this for my 3 year old daughter's new bunk bed. Didn't have a bad smell like many reviews for this product and I am super sensitive to smells. The bed reached full thickness within a few hours. At first, the mattress feels very soft to the touch. After laying down on it, quite a different feel... Very firm. I think I should have gone with the 12" size. I understand it is a bit softer. If you're looking for a nice firm memory foam mattress, I think it's a great buy.
Nice mattress for daily use
Overall pretty good was hoping it would be firmer.
Shipping was faster than stated. Product did expand fully in a matter of a couple of hours. Chemical smell was barely noticeable for a very short time. Mattress was comfortable but I purchased hoping it would be better for my hip pain when sleeping which it was not due to level of firmness. Not the mattresses fault, just fell short of my expectations. Overall I think most customers will be happy purchasing this product at the reasonable price offered.
I've only had the mattress (queen size) for a couple of weeks, so I can't comment on its durability. So far, however, I am impressed. It's thick, comfortable, and reasonably firm. (As I recall, some reviewers have found the mattress to be too firm. I haven't found it to be so.)

The mattress does smell a bit when you first open it up, but the smell dissipates within two days or so.

I ordered using site-to-store. The mattress was delivered to the store quickly, and I was able to haul the box home in the backseat of my Mazda Protege (which is about the size of a Toyota Corolla).
My 12 year old son loves this mattress. I wouldn't say that it is 8" once it has fully expanded. However, it is nice and comfortable. Good value for the price.
Its a decent value product for this price range. Packing was nice and firm and it came on time. Good work walmart ! Appearance wise it is good, no issues with it. Only issue which i had was the 8" memory foam was too soft for me. When i sleep on sides, I feel like i am rolling down the bed. I generally prefer little firmer mattresses. So the suggestion is if you are looking for medium soft mattress, then this is not the one for you !
Ok, Great for guest room. My recent guests told me that it is a comfortable sleep no pressure points, but it was hard for the adult to turn over. She said she felt like she was in mud. The 10 year old loved it and she slept great.
When I asked the adult more questions she said that her back felt great and the turning was hard due to shoulder injury. That she couldn't use the bounce of a regular mattress to help her turn over cause it is memory foam and it conforms to your body.

Mattress is very light to handle and put sheets on so that is another bonus. Even though i cover the mattress with a waterproof mattress cover it is also hypoallergenic and no mites or bed bugs can live in it. I find this great especially for the guest room.
I live in San Francisco. There was an earthquake early this morning. I was sleeping in my memory foam mattress, the first night in it. I was so comfortable in it that I actually slept right through the earthquake... It is really amazing to know that I can sleep soundly and not be disturbed. I was shocked to learn about the earthquake this morning upon awakening.
Ok so me and hubby bought this bed about a month ago and it has been nothing but a great nights sleep after the first night. After we allowed it to inflate for 24 hours we tried it out. It holds body heat very well and made it a bit uncomfortable to sleep. So the next night I suggested that we crack the window and let in the cool air, that worked great. My previous bed had given me all kinds of back issues, after the first night my back pains have completely vanished. I am 300+ lbs and so is my hubby and he has loved it so much he's over slept every day because he doesnt want to get out the bed, he's so comfy. Its the best bed we've ever bought except for the one snafu but i'll take that if its gonna continue to give me such a good nights rest...
Price - OK I guess
Quality - I bought the memory foam for the contouring but i discovered that my wife and I prefer the harder side - so we just flipped the mattress - and now we are happy. I have no complains about the memory foam side - Its just that I have always slept on a firm mattress.
Delivery - Excellant
Durability - Yet to assess -
I bought a queen and king both 8 inches -

Cons: the cover could have been thicker- but i would not pay more for it.

Overall - good value - durability to be assessed.
I am a firm mattress sleeper and have been sleeping on a memory foam for a year but this mattress was much to firm for my taste. Woke up with a backache everyday from it. I added a thinner memory foam topper to it and did just the trick. For me it serves as a good base but that is the extent of it.
We have had this for about 2 weeks and I can tell you my husband does not jump around the bed and get up 20 times in the night anymore! Actually, he sleeps so sound he doesn't move. The only issue with this is he is a little sore from not moving! He is warm blooded so he sinks right in. However, I'm always cold and it takes longer for my body heat to adjust the comfort. But once I'm in, I'm sound asleep! Great mattress for the price, and does compare to the high priced matresses. No need to waste the extra money!
I ordered this mattress for home delivery in southern California. It arrived the very next day via Fedex from City of Industry. The odor from the mattress is very strong. It's been several days and the odor has reduced significantly but it still lingers. I've owned memory foam mattresses before so I do expect the smell to eventually go away completely. The mattress is firm yet still provides a soft cushion feeling. I give it an 8/10 on firmness. Sleeping on this bed with my firm memory foam pillow I'ved used for years gives me horrible neck and shoulder aches. I find that using no pillow or a soft down pillow with this bed works best for me.
I ordered an 8" Spa Sensation but after 48 hrs like instructed to wait, it's only 6". All you 8" customers, I encourage you to measure your mattress. They do sell a 6" but the outside of my box said 8 and I believed that to be correct. But after two wks now, it's still only 6. It's a very good mattress, it's just not what I ordered.
This is a nice foam mattress so far (have had it only a week). I think it's about the best I could have done for the price. It arrived rolled up and squished into a box and was a 2 person lift up the stairs. Once I opened it and ripped the plastic off it unleashed itself rather quickly so make sure you're close to where you want it to be when you do this. Package says to give it 2 days to fully expand but mine was up to full size almost immediately.

It has a classic memory foam layer on top and then a denser foam layer as a base. It comes in a nice soft zippered cover. The pamphlet says that settling and condensing of foam over time (up to 2 inches) is normal, which bothers me because I don't want to have a body crater where I sleep. I don't know what to expect with that since I've only had it a week. Otherwise it's super comfy and truly does not move if someone flops into bed next to you... no transfer of movement or bounce like a regular mattress. And queen size is actually queen size.

I'm happy with it so far and hope it lasts. Again, the settling and condensing of foam remark concerns me but we'll see. Oh, and it SMELLS. I aired it out with a fan running for a day and here a week later it still smells. I know that's to be expected with any foam product so I shouldn't complain, but I can't help but realize how toxic it probably is to breathe for however many hours a night.

I have mine on the floor so I don't know how it would be on a bedframe. Pretty sure these types of mattresses are designed for a platform anyway so floor is fine.
comfy comfy comfy. what a good deal for a memory foam mattress. time will tell how good a mattress it really is, but 1st impression is a impressive one.
The bed arrived earlier than expected and didn't take longer than a few hours to decompress. after that it was beautifully comfortable sleep for me. definitely recommend this bed to anyone who wants a good nights sleep on a budget.
I love this product. I am a side sleeper and used to have a backache when I woke up. After, I've been using this product for a week, I haven't had that problem with my back. For shipping, it was fast, I am very impress.
very comfortable right now, will re rate product after 3-4 months of use, but the price was really good
This is a firm mattress, good support for the back.
I've had my share of back pain and stiffness. And after just more than a year with pillow top mattress, the back start to hurt again.
Now, with this mattress, pain and stiffness has become less.
The mattress is firm, so be warned that your back which may not be accustomed to it could feel sore or uncomfortable. However, since the foam conforms to your body, it definitely lessen the unwanted pressure and load you put on your spine.
Good price, good support.
It was difficult for me to handle being a senior citizen of 70 years, but one I got it in place it inflated just fine. Have not put it to full use yet but will do so as soon as I received the Waterproof mattress pad I ordered a few days later due to arrive on Wednesday.
I enjoy the comfort of this mattress. You need a platform frame for it though, not a metal one either. The few extra bucks is worth it for a wood platform frame.
Arrival time was fast.
Easy easy set up. Opened the box, mattress was not heavy, simple instructions, easy to follow.
Only problem was chemical smell. Opened window, let it air out and smell was gone in about 5 days. Leaving it outside prior to use would have sped up the process. Otherwise, good value at good price.

I waited almost a year and bought it as soon as it went on sale. Nice that I saved a few bucks but now wish I bought it sooner.
I bought a queen-size one in July of 2014. It is my first memory foam mattress. The below are my comments for this product:

Positive:
1. Great price
The price is unbeatable. You cannot find any memory foam mattress cheaper than it.
2. Free delivery
The shipping and delivery are free and fast. If you buy other mattresses at store, $100 at least is required for delivery.
3. A little firm
The mattress is a little firm which is what I expect. I like firm mattress to support my body. It is your choice if your preference is the same as mine.

Negative:
1. Smells very terrible
It smells very terrible. It has some noticeable chemical odor. I place it at a ventilated room for a week to dissipate the smell. But now it still remains some foam odor after long-time dissipation that I am not sure if it is normal. If you buy memory foam mattress at the first time, think about it and try it at store first. I don't know the off-gassing is normal or common. I cannot stand it though. In its instruction, it says the odor is completely harmless and the mattress strictly follows the American standards.
2. Didn't expand well
The mattress is packed and shipped in a vacuum plastic bag. It takes time to expand after you open the packing bag. I have been used it for almost two weeks. But its thickness is still 6.5 inches. The other two dimensions are larger than my frame and box.
I brought this mattress for my teenager because he needed a new bed . The price was very good .I read a lot of the the reviews on this product before I made the purchase and I have to say I'm glad I brought it . My son says the bed is very comfortable. I think I will buy one for myself.
This is my secound one to own, have one and now my son does too.
We are very happy and sleep is a comfortable relaxing experiance now.
Waited for mattress to fully inflate to the 8" thickness but after 2 weeks of waiting it only got to about 7 ". It is a nice mattress , just wish they would be more truthful with the product SIZE !!
The bed performed as described. Great bargain for the quality of the bed.
overall a great mattress....only problem is the smell...not sure how long it will take to go away...very comfortable to sleep on...
We unpacked the mattress and followed the instructions to let it sit for 48 hours. I measured it and it rose to the full 8 inches. It is very comfortable and we are happy with our purchase. We have only had it for a week, so time will only tell if this mattress lasts or not.
got this for our guest room, looks and feels great. We didn't smell any chemicals. Also it raised to 8" as its stated. We've had it for a week now and no problems.
This is an excellent mattress, and when you factor in the great price, it is a deal too good to pass up. The mattress comes vacuum-packed in an inner clear plastic and an outer duffel type sack. You have to cut away the outer bag before you can lay out the mattress to open the inner bag. I did run into a snafu with opening the product, its packed so tight into the outer bag that it was a bit hard cutting it open. I ended up knicking the inner bag and the mattress started decompressing before I was able to get it out of the sack, which made it even harder to cut the outer layer away. Then because it started inflating while I was still cutting, I ended up cutting a hole into the mattress cover itself. It was only about a quarter inch cut which I was able to sew up, so it wasn't a big deal, just be very careful when snipping away that outer bag. Once I got that outer bag off, it was smooth sailing. The inner bag give you enough extra space to cut that away without a problem. The package insert says to allow up to 48 hours for the mattress to completely decompress, but it was ready to use within just a couple of hours. The top most layer was the part that took the longest to fully re-inflate, its so compressed it feels like a hard piece of cardboard or something when you first lay the mattress out, but it does fluff up nicely so don't be alarmed, lol. The insert (and a few of the reviews) also mention a chemical sort of smell to the mattress. It is noticable, but I do believe it would be tolerable for most people as it didn't pose a problem for me. Just a point of reference, I have verrrrrry sensitive sinuses, I can't even be around air fresheners, plug ins, cleaning products, dust, etc. because my sinuses become almost immediately clogged up and stay that way for days afterwards; I didn't have that problem with the smell from the mattress. The smell dissipated probably a day or so after I got the mattress. Once the mattress was ready to use, it did seem a bit firm at first, but I must say it was the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in. I would chose this mattress over any other $1000 or more bed anyday. The two reasons I didn't give the mattress the full five stars is because the packaging issue I had and because I would have liked to see a slightly thicker mattress cover that surrounds the foam layers. Other than those two issues, this is a great product at a great price that I would recommend to everyone!
Nice firm mattress. It does have a smell that disappears after a while as long as you air it and don't put the sheets on immediately. I give it 4 stars because of the smell and the absence of design. I have seen better in other countries, so I was a bit disappointed by the smell and the appearance. But don't be mistaken, other than that it is a great mattress.
I purchased the 8'' versus my sisters 4'' because I wanted a thicker mattress. In my opinion it's a very good mattress for the price. It feels soft, but yet firm.

I would recommend anyone that wants a Spa Sensation Mattress to purchase the 8'' the 4'' is nice but the 8 is nicer.

Cons....... If you are a side sleeper like myself, you may want to purchase a thick pillow or memory foam pillow to support your upper body ( neck ) when sleeping on your side because this mattress is firm and doesn't really ( mold to your contours ). Never-the-less I'm happy with it.
I received the memory foam mattress a couple of days ago and so far it is great. I do notice it retains heat. However, we are currently going through a heat wave so I am not sure if it just seems hotter than usual. It is very comfortable. I don't find it too firm at all as some of the other reviews said. I have the king size. The smell didn't last long and it was fully expanded in a few hours.
Hi,

I bought it for my family and its really good. Though the package was a bit heavy and its tough(35kg) to move it to your upstairs bed room. Mattress strength is very good and it doesnt bend while you are slipping (good foundation) so I didnt feel back pain. After opening the packet it takes around 1hr to expand but fully expanded after 1day. (Thought you can sleep after 6-7hrds easily). I recommend this product truly.

Thanks and Regards
Great value mattress! My wife calls it our cloud, but our old mattress was a brick. To get an idea of its firmness, go to a store that sells tempurped and ask to try there firmest temper mattress. This one compares, comfortable but slightly firm. We both sleep better, back pains reduced and feel more refreshed. Not bad for under $200.
I ordered this mainly because spending another night on our spring mattress was torturous. I wanted to try a memory foam but did not want to invest thousands of dollars. For the price, this bed is wonderful. It has cut down on some of my back pain, but was not the miracle cure some reviews say it was. It is FIRM, and you sink a little when you get in it, but I only notice a slight "cradling" effect. Maybe because it is only 8". Anyway, not disappointed. Best thing is that you can return it if you aren't happy.
I bought this as a temporary bed (for my own), but as a future bed for my son. I found it to be a little too firm to my taste, so I end up buying an extra 4" memory foam topper, but figure out it was another 2" of hard foam and 2" of memory. The Actual mattress is also 4" Inch of very hard foam and 4" of actual memory foam.

After all with topper it feels much better. Not bad for a cheap mattress.
This mattress is a great alternative to the Tempurpedic mattress. I mean, for the money, it's great for the money! It did regain it's shapes in inches after about 36 hours, though it says to give it 24 to 48 hours to regain it's shape.

I'm enjoying the mattress but will eventually give it to my son (who's abot 120 soaking wet), and take the one I gave him (6") and put it in the empty/guest room. I will then purchase a 13" mattres for me and my hubby. But all in all, I'm very happy with my selection and plan to select another one in the near future. I would definitely recommend this product!
My husband and I do recommend this product. The very first morning after sleeping on this memory foam was unlike any other. No more back pain, stiff neck and shoulders. And I actually slept all night. This memory foam mattress has been one of the best purchases we have made.
Purchased this for my teen daughter and she loves it. It's soft, but at the same firm. It does retain heat, so if you tend to sweat while sleeping, you may want to reconsider purchasing this type of mattress. The only complaint I have is it only measures 7.5" and 8".
Mattress expanded easily upon cutting the packing materials. It is firm but fills in the nooks and crannies of your body so it is very comfortable. It is a great value. Reasonable price.
My husband loves it, but I would have liked it a little bit less firm. I had to put a topper on my side only.

Other than that, great quality, great price, great shipping. The box arrived opened and delivered without signature to our door, but nothing was missing.

There was a strong smell at the beginning but now, it's almost gone.
Great product for the money. I got this as my main mattress and also got a steel smart base bed to use instead of a box spring. It is very, very soft and comfortable. I'd say too comfortable for me and my little one. I am use to a more firmer mattress that has more support. My body melts into this one if I can say that. It molds to the shape of my body. Its very soft, but overall very nice. I do recommend it. Oh I also bought a waterproof mattress cover to go with it. This is helpful if you eat or drink in bed or have a little one like I do.
For the price i think it's quiet good. It's a a bit firm and that is actually good. I always get back pain with soft sponge ones.

Also i had ordered for a store pick-up which was superfast. I was able to fit the box in the back seat of my Honda Civic not the boot. But i guess with the box removed it could fit in the boot too.

Overall i'm very happy with this purchase.
I needed a new mattress and liked the idea that this one was delivered in a box that I could carry up my stairs by myself. The little video with the guy carrying the box up as easily as if it were a laundry basket is a bit misleading - the box is heavy and awkward for one person to move. It's supposed to be 50 pounds and I can easily maneuver my just-under-50 pound suitcase around the airport, but that's on wheels :) Still, I got the box up my stairs myself, and wouldn't have been able to do that with a regular mattress. I opened it and, per other reviews, let it air for a day before putting it on my existing box frame. There was a faint smell for a bit but I wouldn't call it chemical or really even noticeable. First night, loved it. About a month later, still love it. Waking up with no stiffness or weird aches is a wonderful thing. I fully intended for this to be a temporary replacement before moving this whole bed into a guest room and getting a more expensive set for my own bed, but I'm happy to keep this for a while. I was a bit concerned after reading some reviews that said the mattress could get really warm, but we've been through a few hot streaks here this July and not once has the bed added to the heat, if anything sleeping on it feels cooler than the old conventional innerspring mattress I had before.
Good matress
love this mattress
I really like this product, I suffer from back aches and this mattress really helps
Its a good mattress and for the price it's a good value. I know some of the people on here are complaining about the fact that the mattress is really firm. This mattress has a bottom and a top if the mattress is not right side up its extremely firm. It does have a synthetic smell when you first open the package but the smell goes away after a day or two.
I brought this mattress for my son he loves it. I and take naps on it all the time it's great.
I got this mattress after doing a ton of research on all kinds of mattresses from all across the board. I was on a tight budget so this was a solid option. It came in the mail in 3 days which was nice. Hauling the bag up my stairs was kind of a pain because it's pretty heavy. It took about two days to fully inflate but it's not completely even which is the main reason I give it four stars instead of five. The sides are definitely not 8" thick, they kind of taper off to about 6" but this isn't a huge issue for me since I have a four inch memory foam pad on top of it. Overall, it's a good memory foam mattress for the price. I didn't want to spend over $1,000 for a mattress when I wasn't sure if memory foam was going to be right for me so I'm really happy I went with this mattress.
This is a great mattress and a great value- but reasons for not giving it 5 stars overall are as follows: ever expanded to full thickness of 8 " after over a week. Probably 4-5" overall and only 3" on one end. That being said, I simply called Walmart customer service and replacement on the way.. And they did not request return of original.. Thank goodness as I would never have been able to fit it in my little car. My sister who was visiting and is like the "princess and the pea" loved sleeping on it, so I can only imagine the actual 8" will be better!! I paired it with the cal king flex frame for only $97.00 so great value for a cal king guest bed!! At only 319 total!! Love the fact as much natural products s possible we're used in construction and cover is removable for washing, but I do have a washable cover on it as I would. To like to have to remove the zippered cover.
I was going to give this product 5 stars. But after some consideration I decided to knock a star, only because the chemical smell didn't go away for a couple of weeks, and I aired it out several times meanwhile. (It warns that it will smell for a couple days, but that wasn't true for mine.)
But otherwise, I love it! I have back pain, and it's really helped to sleep on something this soft that also offers support on my back. If you're willing to put up with the initial smell, this product will eventually win back that fifth star.
My daughter is using this bed on the lower level of the bunk bed. She loves it. I plan on purchasing one for myself.
I have it for a week now and it's not causing any trouble. It takes atleast 24-72 hrs to be completely 8". So don't expect it to be 8" in a second. It's nice overall. I would say value for money.
1. This can't be compared to tempurpedic unless you havent slept on tempurpedic.
2. This bed is too firm
3. This bed may not suit for those who are stomach sleepers.
4. Cost is less and yes, we get what we paid for.
This bed is very firm, not at all what I expected. I expected to "sink in" to the bed, but it feels more like a piece of plywood. I give it 3 stars because I love the price and my daughter seems happy enough with it, but, if you are looking for the true memory foam feel, this is not the bed for you.
This mattress is priced well and you get what you pay for. The smell was very strong but it went away after 48 hours which is typical for any foam mattress. It did expand to the full 8" however the foam is a bit on the soft side and it creates an indent between 1.5" to 2" when all 100 lbs of me lays on the mattress. But it works fine for my 2 year old, so this would be a great mattress for kids.
I purchased the 8" mattress and it did not quite reach 8" so I would recomend if you want a certain thickness of this mattress get one that is about 2 inches thicker because it will not expand to the full thickness you ordered.
Its probably the memory faom it self not sure? But it does come from china and it is supposed to be unwrapped within 72 hrs, Kinda inpossible if it is shipped from china.
Overall good for the price and I will sleep fine on it just wish it expanded to full 8" I will just add a filler of 2" underneath or put a pillow top of 2" on top. why do things come up short and cosumer never gets any bonus. I bet the factory is cutting material back figuring its to difficult to return and we would just live with it.
Maybe true but will effect business in the future if products keep getting made cheaper and the price goes up or stays the same....
My product arrived within 2-3 days, it's appearance was great, it was comfortable and the smell of what I was guessing was the tea tree oil went away somewhat after about a week. However I was looking for a certain thickness and although it was supposed to be 8" it only inflated to about 5.5-6" and the smell was still there.... faintly though. So I returned the item and purchased the 12" instead, which did the same thing, it inflated to 10.5-11" stead of 12" but it was better so I just kept that one.
i bought the 8" thick california king to fit in a waterbed frame ( part of a matched bedroom set i wanted to keep ) .. the frame was 8" deep so i wanted a mattress to bring it up to level, i read others saying it may not be quite there, but i figured that a 10" may be way too much over my frame height and i didnt want that .. anyway, the mattress arrived VERY quickly, 2 days with the free ship option, no complaints there .. but now 3 weeks later the mattress is about 1/3rd decompressed and only in spots .. it seems to be slowly expanding up to near 8" in some places but still more than 1/2 of it is about 6" ... so theres a problem with that if you need the correct height like i did and its critical to you .. im betting within several more weeks it will be mostly straightened out .. but thats a long time to put up with something that just isnt quite right out of the box you spent a hunk of change on .. i did unpack it immediately after delivery to so thats not the problem .. so summary -- dont expect an 8" mattress .. expect a 6" mattress that will not be even for quite awhile and 'may' (probably) eventually flatten out to the 8" range .. as i said, at this point 3 weeks into it mine is nowhere near flat and 8" all over, but it is fairly comfortable i will give it that .. and im giving it a chance .. its like watching the grass grow haha ...
I have a slipped disk/pinched nerve in my lower back and it really has helped tremendously... when I had enough support. That being said it is getting noticeably worn in the places I've slept. So after 14 months I've slept on both sides, rotated the mattress and slept on both THOSE sides, too, and my back support is almost gone. :( For the price, it looks great and maybe if you're under 175 lbs or so it will last longer? I don't know.
I bought this mattress for my son and my husband and I. My son and husband love it, and my husband stopped having back pain. I personally think it is too firm and now I have back aches and have become very stiff. This is a good matress if you like very firm matresses, but if you need alittle cushion you might want to try something else.
This mattress is a little too firm for me. As my kids say "it's like sleeping on the floor". But I understand some people like firm mattresses and for the price, it can't be beat.
Seemed very cheap, not much support, not dense at all like most memory foam mattresses I've purchased. Very one pensive so I guess you get what you pay for.
I have had the mattress for a couple of weeks now, but didn't sleep on it for the full first week as it still had not "risen". Unfortunately, it still hasn't risen fully, but we are sleeping on it. I find it very stiff and not as comfortable as I had hoped it would be. There is a slight smell to it, which is not horrible, but it lingers. I definately don't sleep with my head under the covers any longer. Overall, this mattress is not what I had hoped it would be and I would not purchase another one in the future, nor would I recommend it to anyone else.
well I have to say that when it arrived to my home and I allowed it to fully expand to what it was supposed to expand to I was kind of disappointed because of the fact that the pictures that are shown online are a lot more different than the mattress I received when I got it delivered so that kind of upset me that it didn't look nothing like the picture that is shows online but it's comfortable.
I bought this because it was so much cheaper than any other that I found, and I desparately needed a new mattress. Because I have back problems and other health problems, I thought memory foam would be a good choice.

My opinion of the value of this mattress, after several weeks, is still unformed. It does still have an odor, I still find myself waking at night to get more comfortable and it does cause me to become overheated. On the plus side, I fall asleep more quickly than before, as I sink into it and it is more comfortable than my old one at a very reasonable price !
i am disappointed. i thought there would be quite a differnce from my old mattress, but found no improvement. it is a lovely mattress but i wish i had ordered the 12 inch one since this it not 8 inches in depth and at 86 years of age makes getting into bed a bit more difficult. it seems to be well made and was packaged well. i wish there was a way to turn in a two day old mattress and get the 12 inch one in returm for some more extra money.
So though this mattress is very comfortable I have had mine for about 2 weeks and the one corner still hasn't expanded all the way and it looks like it is actually separating on the one side. Im not thrilled about this and just havent yet had any time to call the company. Comfy yes but appearance wise no! If this is what the finished product is supposed to look like Im very disappointed
Great value but, the mattress is well short of 8" thick and is not very firm.
This mattress is not very comfortable, and the manufacturer's odor of it seems like it will never go away. I aired it out for 10 days straight, with all the windows open & fans blowing on it before I was able t sleep on it, I've been sleeping o it for 5 nights and it still smells, and is uncomfortable as well.
id like to see more reviews after owning it for a year or more. its soft squishy and smashed now. Its so uncofortable my neck and back hurts. I only weight 135 lbs so i doubt its me! $200 down the drain. Yes its awesome the first few months............................after that it goes downhill fast.
The surface of the mattress was uneven. The thickness of mattress is not consistent and is tapering towards the corner.
gave mattress time allotted it is a seven inch mattress adjust add and price
I purchased the King size version of this mattress last February (2014). I read all the reviews and purchased based on those. The mattress is beautiful. It folded out and plumped up perfectly. It just doesn't work for me. I am a stomach sleeper and I wake up feeling like my back is broken. I know that it is just because I sleep on my stomach because my bed partners has no complaints. It's just not firm enough for stomach sleepers, IMO.
My son has a Spa Sensation 10" Memory Foam Mattress and this is why we bought one, but apparently the 8" wasn't thick enough for the comfort we were looking for. If there was a way to return this mattress we would. Once unwrapped it's nonreturnable.
Mattress didn't expand fully as did our first one. Had to buy additional topper at Walmart store
in Sebring, Fl. to make it comfortable. First mattress we bought in Oklahoma was MUCH more
comfortable. The new one didn't match our old one at all. Disappointed.
When I ordered this mattress, I read all the rave reviews about it, which made me purchase it. Unbeknownst to me, it was much firmer than I cared for.. I kept waiting for it to 'soften up', which it never did. It does not make you sink up in it, but rather lay on top of it, but being that it is so firm (yet not as hard as a traditional mattress with springs) I am somewhat disappointed in it. When I ordered it, it didnt have the 'Firm/Soft' key to show what comfort level it was. I wish I could exchange it for a softer mattress, but it's too late now. I have had it for 3 months now, well past the return policy limit. DO YOUR HOMEWORK, AND PAY ATTENTION TO THE SOFTNESS 'KEY' BEFORE BUYING THIS.
I would recommend this mattress based on my original purchase for myself, but not so sure about this new 8" mattress. I purchased this same mattress for my husband and myself in the 10" Queen size about 8 months ago and we love our mattress. We decided to purchase the 8" Full size for another bedroom and the mattress has only expanded to 5 inches in 3 days. The instructions say the mattress should expand within 48 hours. I am concerned because we have a guest coming in 5 days to sleep on this mattress and at this point it only looks like a 5 inch mattress pad... help.

The mattress is also $20 less than when I ordered a week ago!
if i were to purchase a memory foam matress again,i would buy the 10 in. that way you would get 8 inches of mattress. i did not touch it for 48 hours after setting it up,but only rose 6 in. and the one side is only 4 and3/4in.
Matress is to soft, need form material.
Maybe 5" thick. It seems firm and good enough for the temporary use that it will provide. I'm just very disappointed that it is not as described.
This mattress never expanded to more than 6 inches instead of the 8 inches expected. As a result it is not as comfortable as I had hoped. The price was reasonable and I thought it was worth giving it a try despite reading several reviews with the same complaint. Sorry now I didn't go for the 12 inch mattress at least then I could have gotten the depth I expected
Did NOT expand to 8" more like 5. I wake up sore and only had this for one month. Spend more and get a real mattress.
I'm still waiting to be 8inches. It's been over 3weeks already. And still it's only 4-5inches. So I'm not satisfied. I paid for an 8inch. Oh we'll.
It was easy to set up, no odor. The only problem is that it only expanded to 6 ins after 48 hrs wait.
So now the King size bed looks odd with such a low mattress. It is too heavy and hard to re-wrap for return so will keep and I guess spend more for a 4 ins one to put on top.
This was supposed to be memory foam, but when I layed on it, it did not seem to mold to my body at all - very hard. I woke up with a lot of back and body pain. Also, it retained my body heat and radiated it back so I became every hot laying on it. Pretty disappointed with it after reading all the good reviews. I'm age 67. My daughter - age 37 also tried laying on it and said it was way too hard for her. We are both just average weight.
I read all the reviews before our purchase and thought this would be a fantastic find. Not so much. It took about 5 days for the mattress to 'mostly' puff up to 8 inches. 2 corners are only at about 3". So, we had to put those at the foot of the bed or it feels like you are sleeping with your feet above your head. The smell finally left after a few days, and it takes a while to get used to. If you set it straight on box springs it is very firm. At first we just set it on top of our old mattress, but it is really 'squishy'. It has been almost 2 weeks and just aren't sure it is going to work out for us. The best idea, go to where you can check out the merchandise before you buy it. If we could have done that with this mattress, we probably wouldn't have purchased it. $200 we could have spent on a good mattress is now lost.
Not that great, sinks in in the middle. Not *8" thick either. Would take it back but not worth the hassle. Will do for my 11 year old.
The description says 8" but it is more like 6"-6.5"s .Nice but is also cut crooked on a angle .You get what you pay for
It's been unpacked and on the frame for 8 days, with an air purifier running next to it, and it's still smells bad. It's supposed to be 8" thick but seems to have stopped expanding at 6". My son (16) doesn't notice the smell, but I can smell it upstairs sometimes, and I could never sleep on it that way. He says it is very comfortable, WAY better than the cheap innerspring mattress we had. I guess I'll call customer service and see what's next.
This mattress was listed as being 9 inches thick. They lied! The mattress is smashed flat and rolled for shipping. The directions say it will "bounce back" to full thickness after 48 hours. It did not bounce back or fluff up. It is still very flat!
Because I was very pleased with my purchase of a queen-size Spa Sensations mattress a few months ago, I recently ordered three more. I only opened up the new Cal King---but it is way too soft---much softer than my original queen. So, I am stuck with a too-soft Cal King because I assume I cannot return it because it's been opened....and the unopened twin and second queen are going back. How can this happen?
I am not new to memory foam mattresses or this particular brand. I had lurched one online 2 yrs ago for my son, & am still very pleased with his. Mine on the other hand, has been a sad disappointment. Followed instructions, allowed mattress 3 full days to expand. The width & length are fine. But it never bulked up to 8 inches in thickness, it measures 5 inches thick!!! I can feel the hard box spring through it :(. Would like to return if I can figure how to stuff it back in box for shipping. So disappointed :(
I have a walk-up apartment, so a queen size mattress will not fit up my stairs. Saw this mattress for sale on line. After reading positive reviews, I decided to give it a shot. Mattress seems sturdy, but after removing it from its packaging.... WHEW!!! The chemical odor this thing emits is something else, let me tell you. Manual instructs to give 48 hours in well ventilated room to air out. I couldn't even be in the same room with this thing for a week. I purchased a month ago and it still reeks. If you can sleep with a gas mask on, go for it.
I purchased this mattress for the pain I was having in my lower back. I tried this mattress out for one week but couldn't handle the hardness of the foam. I had to sleep on two comforter blankets to get even a little give. I had to take it back. It is a very heavy mattress and bulky to move. I paid a few dollars more for a Restonic mattress and ended up with immediate relief in my back. I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS ITEM. YOU MIGHT AS WELL BE SLEEPING ON A CONCRETE FLOOR. Save your money!!!!
My husband and I purchased this mattress. Within a couple of weeks we were waking up with severe back pain. We opted to get a replacement box spring and had the same results. Mind you we are not the smallest people ( me at 165 and him at 200 ) but I expected to sleeping comfort for more than a couple of weeks. The bed us so uncomfortable that we rarely sleep on it anymore. The floor is just more comfortable.
At this time, I give this product a poor rating. I followed directions on set up and after almost 2 weeks there is no place the mattress measures 8" in height. Measuring around the whole mattress, most places measure at 6" or 6.5" and at a very few locations it measures 7". This mattress comes in a 6" or 8" height and I paid to purchase for the 8". I have contacted customer services who offered to exchange it and that is being processed. I will happily change my review if the new one is truly an 8" mattress.
Traditional spring mattress and memory foam mattress differ in its firmness rating. One should re-examine their comfort level again before jumping the gun. My wife and I purchased this 'firm' memory foam mattress but found it to be too plush and not enough lower back support. We end up returning the mattress, not because of the quality of this product, but the unfamiliarity of the firmness scale of this product. We return it back to the store, but it was quite challenging due to the size of the decompressed mattress.

Test at a store before you buy or risk the hassel of self return.
THE WORST BACK PAIN I EVER EXPERIENCED AND I HAVE USED MANY MATTRESS. THIS IS THE WORST YET? WAKE UP WITH BACK PAIN EVERY MORNING. TAKING IT BACK. FOR SURE.
I ordered this mattress to convert my waterbed (cal king) to a regular bed. The mattress only
expanded to 6" instead of 8". Because of the bed frame, I really needed the full 8" mattress. The
mattress is too large to return so I will just have to live with it. On a postive note, I had purchaced a Full size Slumber 1-8"mattress in a box and it did expand to the full 8" size. my son loves sleeping on that mattress.
I have had this mattress for a few days short of a month. The corners have expanded to about 4" and the biggest part of the mattress is about 6", definitely not 8" . Prior I have purchased three memory foam mattresses and they all expanded as advertised except this one. I don't know whats wrong with this one but it is going back to Wal-Mart tomorrow.
I purchased this mattress in October, 2013. It lasted about 6 months until it started sagging in multiple places. It is a piece of imported junk I paid nearly $300 for at the time. It is not even worth the $229 it costs now. Do yourself a favor and spend a few more dollars on an American made Serta Deluxe Memory foam mattress!
I opened the package immediately after receiving it and placed it on a flat area. After five days the mattress expanded to only six inches (not eight inches) with one inch valleys in several areas.
Received it two days ago. Let it sit flat for 48 hours as per instructions. Has only expanded to about 4-5 inches and that too very unevenly. The corners are only 3 inches!! The mattress is so uneven that some parts are 5 inches and some 3.
This mattress was advertised as being firm and comfortable. However it was soft and lumpy and has gotten worse with use. I am dumping it for an innerspring asap!
was initially attracted to purchase this bed because of the price and its a memory bed! What could go wrong? The first week was great. It was soft and the smell didn't bother me that much. 2 weeks into it, I started getting stiff necks. I thought it was my pillow so I bought one of those fancy memory foam pillows which helped. After a month, I started getting back and shoulder pains. I thought it was just me but my BF started to get stiff necks as well. After a couple months, the pain persisted and the memory foam seemed to have lost its quality. It is definitely a lot of softer on the area where I normally slept and it lost its "support" and is a little sunked in where I normally sleep. So I try to shift around the bed to get the newer "firmer" side. 6 months later, I have horrible neck and back pains. My massage therapist said she'd never had anyone with such tight neck and shoulders. Bottom line, this bed is good for the value but horrible in quality. I recommend that you invest in a better bed. You'll save money in the long run. (Note: I'm a young and very healthy 30 year old so age is not the factor for back pains.)
I'm very disappointed to have to write this review. The 8 inch memory foam mattress has yet to be more than 4 inches thick at its thickest point after being out of the box for a week and a half. Because of all the positive reviews, I'm thinking that maybe mine is a fluke or defective somehow. Regardless, I'll be returning it in the next couple of days. :(
0 only 6inch
I measure it ! Only 5 " not impressed at all! I would not recommend it.
I bought something like this from the Walmart store a few years ago, and loved it. Must have been a different brand. It has been almost a week and I'm still waiting for the memory foam to decompress (which is supposed to take 48 hours.) It feels like cardboard. In fact, if I decide not to bother tying it to the top of my Corolla to return to the store, I will probably end up turning it upside down since the regular foam part is softer.
Mattress arrived quickly and spent two days decompressing and airing out, as recommended. It looked fine and the cover is soft. That's really all the positive I can say. It is hard and unforgiving; I've never woken up sore before and now I can hardly walk at all some mornings. I've never had a memory foam before and kept thinking I'd get used to it, but it is truly awful. Don't listen to the PR - when the woman in the video says that it might feel "a little firm" when you first lay down on it, it's absolutely true. When the ads say it molds to your body, that's also unarguable (and uncomfortable for moving during the night), but when anybody tells you that it just takes time to adjust, don't believe them! I've spent a lot more money on it (including the cooling pad and a mattress topper to soften it, and then another mattress pad to contain all of those) than if I had just bought the real mattress to begin with....

Having said that, I don't know that this brand is better or worse than any other. I can tell you without hesitation that the 8" version is way too thin. I can feel all of the springs and rods in my foundation. Although I have a queen size bed to myself, after just over 90 days of use, I can't even roll to the other side because of my body's impression in the foam. It's just too much work to dig myself out and over the middle bar! I'm also about four inches below my nightstand now.

Truly try one of these out before you buy it.... You'll be shocked!
I returned the product. It was very uncomfortable to sleep on
My third spa sensations foam mattress. Past experience was a great product but I am dissapoin ted in mattress I bought this week. I have a king size 12 inch thick, a full and twin size 10 inch thick spa sensation mattress and they all went beyond my expectations. Just bought a queen 8 inch thick and there is definitely something wrong. Never really inflated. One whole side is still really compressed and concave. I can feel the individual foam layers as the bottom end is somewhat turned in on itself. The center fold where it was folded into the box is lumpy and can still see and feel the entire fold/seam. Now have tl find way to stuff big mattress back into box so i can return it. So dissappointed.
i ordered one of the 4 years ago and really liked it. i moved to hawaii, and ordered the exact same bed. this time, it is very lumpy, sections inflated to different sizes and it is very uncomfortable, i have had the bed for over 2 weeks, and the problem got progressively worse not better.
Very cheap quality and its 6 inches not 8....
I ordered a 8" twin size and after taking it out realized they sent me a 6" inch Full size! Now I have to go through the ordeal of returning it!! Very upset about the whole experience
thought it would at least be a supportive mattress. it is just foam, nothing more...
I am probably rating "Memory Foam" rather than the Spa Sensations. The product for horrible for me. Even my wife who never ever complained about back pain woke up with terrible pain.
No as expected
I purchased the full size 8 in mattress. I let it sit out for more than four days, but it never expanded. After reading so many reviews from others who waited for weeks for it to decompress to no avail, I decided to return it. My friend has the twin 8 in and it's perfect, so maybe it has to do with the size. The price is great, but I don't have $200+ to spare for something that did not completely do as advertised. :T
I decided to purchase this based on all the good reviews, I was in desperate need of a mattress, I had a twin size that was still ok but really wanted to upgrade to a queen. I have a bad back so I wanted something soft yet supportive.
When it first arrived it was WONDERFUL like sleeping on a cloud. It did help with my back pain it was great. At first it would feel really firm then your body would sink in a little and then it would be perfect.
Now after having it for less than a year it has become a torture device. When I lay on it now its good for about 30 seconds and then it is like I am laying on my steel foundation with the foam only being about 2 inches between my body and the foundation/platform. NOT GOOD. My hips hurt, my legs hurt and I wake up with my back KILLING me. There is nothing I can do to bring it back. I am on the heavy side at 195 lbs not sure if the mattress can't handle overweight people or what but it has become enemy #1. I used to love the idea of going to bed now I hate having to go to bed. There is no support on the sides anymore at all. It is comparable to sitting on a thin piece of foam on top of concrete. I wish I had kept my twin mattress. :(
I CAN NOT RECOMMEND THIS MATTRESS - STAY AWAY!!
**Note there may be parts of the mattress that NEVER reaches the 8" specified it does state this on the box when you open it so be wary of that!
The 8 inch is not really 8 inches thick. If laying on your side, it compressed all the way down at the hip area and was very uncomfortable. It still has an odor after a week. It is going in the garbage.
This pad is not nearly 8" thick nor is it like the pictured display on the website. I ordered it online which was a mistake. I am going to return the product to the store as soon as possible.
I was very excited about this mattress having seen all the great reviews but from the start saw issues - two of the corners did not fully expand and stayed at about 6 inches. Now, only a little over a year the mattress started sagging and now i wake up with back pain every day. Perhaps the foam that was used was lower density and more prone to compression issues.

Tried filing a warranty claim with Spa Sensations but they required VISIBLE sagging - well duh, it's foam so you don't see any sagging unless you lay on it. Perhaps they had a bad batch but i cannot recommend this unless the quality issues have been fixed.
If you like firm/uncomfortable mattresses this is a fit for you. I hate it! This mattress had no give to it, its hard. Slept on it two nights in a row tossed & turned all night, couldn't get comfortable, woke up with a sore neck. Glad i kept my old mattress. If its one thing I learned from this its that you should always lay, touch and try before you buy a mattress.
I bought a king size mattress just over a year ago. Unfortunately it has started to sag in the middle. My and my wife have started waking up with back pain for the last few months. I would not buy this brand again.
Numbness in my feet and hip then my hands after 5 minutes. Do not order this horribly cheap made mattress. $150 in the trash.
The mattress without a spring, does not support adult weight as well, thus it is not as comfortable as I expected it to be.
For two days I had to ignore a slight smell, after that the smell gradually went away and I felt I made an excellent decision. It's only $200, it's my first foam mattress and my body really likes how the bed conforms to my weight. I'm falling asleep quicker and feeling better in the morning. I get the sense that I'm going to be sleeping on it for years because I don't see how it's going wear out. Before the purchase I wondered about whether I should get the 12" but I have absolutely no regrets about the comfort of this bed.

If you know you're going to buy this product, here's what to expect: the box is almost shoulder high and as wide as a laptop with a flattened screen. It's kind of heavy, but the effort to place the flattened foam on the bed took less than a minute. Once you use scissors to cut into the plastic sealing, it will quickly expand a couple inches. It'll take overnight until it rises to 8".

I slept in it the same night, but I recommend not placing any bedding on the mattress for the first night or two because of the smell. Don't worry about the smell, it's not intense, it's kind of like being in a rubber factory and it gradually goes away after two days. Just keep the windows open before you leave for work. If it's convenient, open it on the floor, let it rise for a couple hours, then lean it against a wall in a well-ventilated room for a day or two, then move it where you want it to go.

It's day 12 and the smell is gone. Not only is the foam mattress helping me sleep better, I spent half the amount I usually do for a mattress and I believe it will last for years longer than my previous spring mattress.
This mattress is wonderful. I purchased the full size for my son. He has a slatted bed and we are using mattress without boxspring. He is only 12 but 5' 10" and 130 lbs. His accelerated growth has left him with back, hip, knee and ankle problems. He complained every morning of aches after sleeping on his innerspring mattress (which was only a few months old and cost more than twice the price of this mattress). Now he's sleeping better and has less pain. He loves it! I snuck in there for a cat nap one day and I hate to admit it but I like it more than my very expensive name brand memory foam set. It is softer at edge, but once lying down the body's weight is displaced and the mattress feels just soft enough while remaining supportive.
Way better than I expected! I sleep much better than before I had it!
I have been having the best sleep in my life !!! I don't wake up with a sore back, just nice and restful !!!!
Extremely comfortable & at an awesome value!! I have the twin & I absolutely love it!!
I ordered this for my 5 year old son....we really loved it....delivery was very fast and easy...thanks walmart....n spa sensations.
My husband and I bought this memory foam mattress to replace the mattress on our boat. We stay the whole weekend every weekend on the boat so we wanted something comfortable. My husband and I could not be happier with how comfortable this bed is and I get better sleep on it then our house bed
Fabulous. Its fabulous. I finally found the treasure. I can stop the search finally. I am shaking my head in disbelief since I still cannot believe how great it is for the cost. My boyfriend is being a jerkface and now is crying because I kicked him out of the bed and he has to sleep on the couch because he steals my blankets.
It may surprise some, but you can get a comfortable, quality mattress for a fairly inexpensive price. We replaced our old mattress that we had put in our guest room with the 8" version and couldn't be happier. It is sitting on a frame with the old box spring to give it some height. It is very comfortable. My only concern, and I really have no reason to believe this as my guest have said it is perfect, but I wonder how well it would hold up if it was used everyday. Again, I have no reason to doubt its durability, but most mattress reviews occur shortly after purchase, not a couple of years down the road. But as a guest room mattress that would get maybe 20-30 nights on it a year, I fully expect it to last and be comfortable indefinitely.
I bought this mattress for my 11 year old son and was suspicious when it arrived in a box. Imagine our surprise to find out after it sat for a day on the bed, it was really comfortable. More than our king size mattress that we paid $1200 for. I will be investing in something like this to replace ours. Well worth the money and we'll see over time how it holds up, but so far so good.
Excellent product for the price.
The total shipment arrived in time to set it up in my granddaughter's room. Xmas gift. Very pleased with my purchase.
This product delivers on every promise we saw. It was more than comfortable, we did not experience the heat regulation problem we have heard about, it was fully expanded in less than a day, and there really was no smell. I have been telling everyone I can to buy one.
I need a firm mattress for a good nights sleep and always shyed away from any kind of foam. What a mistake! Best mattress ever....and affordable!!!
My daughter loves it - very comfy.
I love this bed just what I was looking for
I slept on my bed for about a week now. I absolutely love it. It does help to have a bed spring at the bottom. I got one for 20 dollars on Craigslist. I spent 250.00 total on my bed, I am very happy with my purchase. No need to spend extra money and don't be fooled by salespeople or pay interest and finance charges. I learned the hard way. Live within your means.
I knew Walmart has a 90-day return policy, so that is why I was okay with trying a mattress I never even tested. I'm glad I tried! We've only had the mattress for a couple weeks now, but it's been amazing! We went from a queen to a king, so obviously the size difference is great... but the memory foam is just so comfortable! I was kind of confused by people who said it was too firm. I always sleep horrible on firm mattresses, but this is definitely not firm! I am not a big person, either (5'2", 105 lbs), so I wouldn't be swayed away just because people say it's firm. Give it a try! If you hate it (for some CRAZY reason), then just take it back to Walmart! You won't regret this purchase!
Live in a small but charming Sierra Foothills "cabin" I was hopeful that this was the real deal. After 4 hours the edges of the 8" full had expanded to 10" the center of the bed was a little lower however 6 hours later I had a 10" bed! When I wake up all I need to do is fold my covers over and my bed is made! No more twisted bedding from tossing and turning all night and my hips are no longer sore. My cat seems to give it 4 paws up as well.
Bought this mattress a couple weeks ago and let it air out for a few days before putting on box spring. Pleased there was no more odor.
The first night I slept on it, I was in so much pain.... I thought maybe I would have to put my old pillow top mattress back on and just forget it. But I felt convinced that memory foam was the answer to my terrible back-aches, so I read on-line how the best memory foam mattresses are constructed, and concluded I needed a softer grade foam on top. ( 3-inches recommended) So I went back to Walmart and bought two softer 1 1/2inch high memory foam toppers and a high-loft mattress pad, and gave that combination a try.
Had the BEST night's sleep ever!! Felt perfect on my side, my back, and even on my stomach, which usually causes problems. I love this mattress now, and even though I have added to the cost by buying 2 queen toppers, it's still WAY less expensive than buying a name brand mattress. Glad I didn't give up. I couldn't be happier or more rested.
This mattress is awesome for the price and convenience. Ships compact and expands like those dinosaurs you stick in a glass of water. It comes vacuum packed so you look like you are struggling to carry a comforter up the stairs then when hitting the air it opens into a very comfortable mattress that curves to the body and does not leave sore spots when you sleep deep like a futon will tend to do. Like it.
Fit the trundle bed perfectly
Easy to follow instructions
The kids love it but I wouldn't recommend it for a large adult for every day use.
Mattress is comfy, but its 3 weeks and the mattress still has a odor.
This review is a comparison of the Spa Sensations 8" and the Signature Sleep 8" memory foam mattresses:

We bought the Signature Sleep Memoir 8" in a queen for my 14-yr-old son three months ago - it is VERY FIRM (he would have preferred even firmer, but it is quite firm). I am 110 lbs. and can sit on the edge without it compressing much at all. When i lie on it, it takes the pressure off my hips and shoulders but otherwise has very little give. It feels hard in a way, yet i took an hour's nap on it and awoke in the same position (back) feeling comfortable and rested.

A month later, i had planned to buy the same mattress in a twin for our youngest son who's 10. Despite having a bed, he has been sleeping on the floor for years - just where he ends up. So he is used to a firm surface! However, Walmart was out of stock on the Sig Sleep 8", so we decided to try the Spa Sensations, which also has great ratings.

Like the Signature Sleep 8", the Spa Sensations 8" is described as 'firm.' It is, but i would consider it a medium-firm, and it is notably softer than the Signature Sleep. When I sit on the edge of this mattress, it squishes down 4-5 inches. It is much softer to move around on as well. One difference though - we have it on a bunkie board instead of a solid platform, so that could be contributing to the softer feel, but it would still be softer than the Signature.

The Spa Sensations has a 5-yr warranty; Signature has a 1-yr. warranty. But, i don't really think that means much in the world of mattress warranties. I think the Signature will probably last longer and be the better value. However, my 10-yr-old loves the Spa Sensations and truthfully he will probably outgrow it before we need to replace it, so we are keeping it.

I will add that the Signature Sleep Memoir 8" also comfortably supports my older teenage boys (both 6 ft. tall and around 160 lbs.), and we are getting one in a twin x-long for my college-age son for when he is home. (The Spa Sensations 8" is not sufficient for their weight - compresses too much and i think if they slept on it all night it would leave body impressions.) Also, I spoke with a representative from Signature Sleep because we were considering the 10" for my 18-yr-old son; she confirmed that the 8" is firmer than the 10" - so if you want a FIRM mattress and want something thicker, go up to the 12".

My advice if you are undecided: go firmer. You can always soften a mattress that is too firm with a mattress topper, but it is impossible to make a too cushy mattress be more supportive. The nature of memory foam is to soften over time, so it will only get softer.
The only reasons I gave this product 4 stars is because if you get too close to your partner/spouse, you'll sink down and almost roll onto him/her if he/she weighs more than you, and the bottom side is slick against by bed skirt, which srems to be causing the mattress to slip and slide a little bit. Other than these, this mattress is excellent! My husband, who would snore as soon as his eyes closed, hasn't snored since we've been sleeping on it, which is over a week now. I'm loving that! I have a pulled muscle or something going on with my back and hip (the docs and xrays say scoliosis), and my back has hurt me every night since early on last year. It got so bad in the last 6 months, I had to go for physical therapy, which alleviated the pain for only a few hours. I had to sleep on a heating pad every night. I'd wake up with my back, neck, and head hurting. Now, I don't use the heating pad, and I've only awaken once with a headache. I can move around on/in the bed with no pain in my back. Before, I would moan and groan every time I rolled over. This mattress has been a huge blessing in my life. I also plan on getting my kids one each because they're inexpensive. I have gone and will go with the 8 in, and I'm glad I did because any thicker and my sheets wouldn't fit. It's true it isn't quite 8 in but it worked out good that way. I still get the support, like someone is holding me up while I sleep...as long as I don't get too close to the hubby. By the way, even when I do get too close, it doesn't cause me any pain still. I'm still somewhat comfy. Anyway, be sure to take off the plastic and give it time to expand before you lay on it. I'd recommend it to anyone. I'm very pleased to be able to get a truly good sleep again.
Where on the description does it mention 2" memory foam, 2" quality normal foam and 4" rubbish normal foam?!?! It only says "High-density foam base layer adds support". No good, we would never of bought it had we known this. We'll never buy anything to do with beds online again... do yourselves a favor, stick with real bed outlets.
This mattress is so nice to lay on. But I quickly realized something was up. My first night sleeping on it... after it had aired out for a day was strange... my legs and arms started going numb... no matter what position i laid it. If it wasn't for the numbing effect I'd keep this mattress and rate it a 5! But i barely slept due to this. I asks my roommate to sleep in it (incase i was just insane) but he felt the same numbing feeling after about 30-50 minutes.

It had a funky smell after opening but after a 24 hours it was gone completely. It's white so it can get dirty easily so open it on your bed. You'll need a platform bed or the foundation bed frame... wood slats wouldn't do. A full size bed for 189 is a steal!

This is not a plush bed..it's more like a firm bed but still body forming, so it's still very comfy, no pressure points! I'm 115 lb. and my roommate is about 170 lb. and we bought laid comfortably together on the bed without feeling the floor beneath it. But I think if your a person weighing more then 270 lb.. you might consider buying the 12in?

I have to pack this this up and return it! It's just not for me. I'm going to try a pillow top now. It'll be a few days before i can return it... so i'll give this bed another chance and review again!
NOT 8" more like 6" I see this in a few reviews. Its is Comfortable , but not what I expected .
I rate it a B. FAST Shipping !
This mattress is semi-firm and fairly comfortable. It arrived quickly and unfolded within an hour with no strong odors really. It is not however, a real memory foam mattress. It is an 8" mattress with about 1-2" of low quality memory foam with the remainder just regular foam. Like I say, it is comfortable but if you have tried other higher quality memory foam products as I have, you will notice the difference. That said, it is a fairly good value and it works for now. You always get what you pay for in life!
It has been two weeks and it still has not fully inflated. And I do not think it will get any better, in fact its getting worse as the middle of my queen mattress is noticeably dented in after sleeping on it for a week. I can tell because when I sleep a bit off center it feels uneven, and it is straining my back. I weigh 190lbs. Initially firmness was nice but wearing down quickly.
I had purchased a memory foam mattress from Walmart around 2004. I loved it, was firm but yet didn't cause any pressure point issues in my hips being I am a side sleeper. I just got a replacement as a gift about 4 months ago. It is a Spa Sensations 8-Inch. It wasn't firm like the old one was but I gave it a try anyway. After 4 months, my upper and lower back are killing me and I just can't get comfortable. The mattress is more like just plain foam, I can actually grab the side and squeeze it almost flat which needless to say provides minimal support. I am disappointed in this brand and am hoping to find one like I used to have from Walmart. I know it did cost around $200 back then so if anyone recalls the brand they used to carry, let me know. If you like the softer mattress, then this is for you
I bought this mattress for the price, but was dissatisfied with the height of the mattress. Seemed to be smaller than I thought. I do enjoy the memory foam as I am sleeping well at night. I would give it a 5 for Fair. It's a good buy on a budget, but I think in the near future I will buy a stronger, better mattress.
I received 2 Spa Sensations 8" memory foam mattress for a daybed in my guest room/office 11 days ago and have not put sheets on them to air and still has a strong oder. As for comfort it's OK. Should have pre-order warning of long lingering oder.
I have been use it for nearly a month, it still smell bad.
I have had a regular mattess with a memory foam topper for years. I've tried several toppers and decided on a full memory foam mattress. I was expecting the matters to have the same attributes as the topper but even after the mattress fully expanded it was not soft. I do not sink it, it feels like laying on a table. I thought after a few weeks I'd get used to it but after not sleeping well for weeks I had to get a memory foam topper anyway. This product is not what I expected, it's firmer than a standard mattess, I do not sink it at all. I do not recommend this product at all.
This matress is very easy to cary up stairs easily set up. The price is great. It is not very good for sleeping on. There is no movement or spring to it.It just feels dead.
Followed instructions - but mattress did not inflate full 8" nor evenly. The center is higher than the rest of the mattress and you feel as though you will roll off.
Followed the instructions, waited the allotted time, bed is 6in like customers said, paired it with the bed frame spa sensation, it is totally uncomfortable. But who had the time to figure out how this goes back, so I am stuck until I get the mattress that is beneficial for the well being of my back.
Initially, this bed was sufficient, even excellent as a memory foam bed. HOWEVER- After 4 years of use, the bed sags where my wife and I sleep. It no longer provides me the necessary support for a good night's sleep.

I have arthritis throughout my back(hips, lower back, thoracic back) and require support throughout the night. At 4 years, this bed no longer delivers the support I need. I wake up every few hours in pain, and very seldom am able to sleep throughout the night without waking up in pain.

I'm now looking for a new mattress, and am using The Mattress Underground d o t c o m (no spaces) to research my next purchase. I don't believe the density of the memory foam layer could possibly be 4lb density, as a wal mart rep stated in the faq's. More likely, the memory foam layer is 3lb or 2.5lb density(or at least was at the time I purchased in '09).

Nice at first, but does not wear well.
I had for a year and now its killing my back never again...........
The mattress never expanded. Had to return.
I bought this Mattress in Oct 2010 and in little over 3 years, the Mattress has gone lumpy and saggy. I started having severe back pain due to this Mattress. This is one of the garbage Mattress. Please save your money and do yourself and your body a favor of going in with some name brand.
No rigidity. The mattress completely sinks in when I sleep on it.
Two pieces broken in one box and edges chipped. Will Wallmart send trucker to return?
Mattress (twin) came vacuum packed in a small
box. It never expanded to 8 inches. Maybe was
6.5-7 inches at most and very hard. It was so
flat that I was able to fold it in half and
put in my Impala trunk, transfer to a shopping
basket and return to the store. I would not
buy this product.
My mattress has not expanded had to sleep in my living room for two days now not happy
This was my second Spa Sensations Memory Foam mattress purchase, the previous one being a 6 inch one. My wife made this purchase. I must say I am very disappointed in the quality.

This mattress is hardly firm at all and will let you sink in to the bottom, to the point where it feels like you're lying in a big piece of sponge. You can pinch the mattress easily with your two fingers, which demonstrates the lack of a minimum amount of firmness required for a memory foam mattress.

The mattress itself is heavier than my old 6 inches foam mattress by the same company, but I have had 5 terrible sleepless nights with this and I am all set to return it back to Walmart. Please think twice before you buy this one; returning it is not quite that easy, unless you hire a uHaul truck/van and drop it off yourself.
I had been sleeping on a camping style air mattress on top of a box springs which I found to be comfortable if I kept it firm. However they seemed to keep rupturing and having to be replaced so when I was back on the site to buy another I saw and ordered this matress as it had excellent reviews, was very reasonably priced, and could either be picked up at the store in a car or delivered free. Although it feels somewhat softer than what I kept my air matress, I feel well supported, I sleep very well on it, and feel good when I get up in the morning. Wish I had purchased sooner.
OK, forget what anyone else says about this mattress, i waited a couple weeks to see the results, i love every night more than the last, I don't get why people spend 1000$ plus to get a temp or whatever. i love this bed so much, i can get 5 hours sleep and it feels like 10. i feel great after sleeping on this wonderful bed i would rate this far more than 5 stars!
Got this for my first apartment. I love it. It (full size) is flexible enough for us to get into our families Honda Odyssey when it is time to move, something I can't say about a regular mattress.
I sleep well on this mattress. Not the best mattress, but for the money is well worth it.
I bought this because I was previously sleeping on a futon that was almost literally just vinyl covered board. I read the reviews for this item and though that it would probably work out for the short term. Let me just say that after I ordered this, it was here in 3 days! The first night it was comfortable because it was a huge upgrade from the futon. But now (two weeks later) I see that this is a temporary bed and I am saving to get a higher quality mattress. My back hurts a little bit, and i still wake up in the night tossing a few times but not nearly as much as I did on the futon. For the price, this is an excellent choice, but don't plan on it being long term.
I opened my mattress on 5/28/14. Today is 6/10/14. The mattress is still not to the 8". It barely makes 7". I had ordered a spa sensation theratouch in 2008. It still is a very good firm mattress. Before i ordered this last mattress I contacted the company to see if this was the same mattress and they wrote back that it was. IT IS NOT. So I am very disappointed in this mattress. It is softer that my first mattress and has not reached the 8" mark as advertised.
I normally dont write reviews but this mattress experience is so bad I thought i would write my nightmare experience so that prospective buyers benefits before buying this...

I bought this mattress over a year ago..I bought this after reading good reviews from other buyers..Initially it was ok..but over a period this mattress became so soft,everyday I get up with lot of back pain.. When I sleep, in few minutes I feel the back pain and will sweat a lot after sometime...

May be its not indented for a long use I guess...

I am throwing out this mattress..

I regret buying this mattress I would certainly NOT recommend this product..
I purchased this 8" memory foam mattress roughly 1 year ago and I must say it was the worst purchase I have ever made for my health. To give you perspective on my setup, I bought the spa sensations bed frame for this mattress and also put an entire layer of plywood on top of the frame in order to create a hard, even surface for the mattress to lay on. Also, I am 6' 1" and weight roughly 155 pounds. The mattress expanded properly and shows roughly an 8 inch width as marketed. About a month or two after the purchase the mattress started to become far too soft and created impressions about 2 inches to 3 inches deep near my lower back area where most of the weight is, far too much to provide any support for my lower back. I've dealt with the pain for several months now because I don't use my mattress much due to travelling for work, but now I can no longer stand it. I wake up every morning with absolutely aweful pain in my lower back. I was sick for two weeks straight a few months ago and was forced to sleep on the floor after the first two days of constant use because of the pain in my back. I wish I had acted sooner so I could return the mattress, but now I know not to skimp out on a quality mattress. If you need either a "plush" style or "firm" mattress this will most likely not work for you after at most a few months.
Allow 4-5 days for mattress to fully decompress. I flipped it about the third day. Works great for a teenager. Regular bed sheets fit it great!
For years, my husband and I have slept on our old spring mattress. The springs and coils were worn out, offering no support or comfort. If anything, there were many sleepless nights and cause for back and neck aches! Upon doing research for almost 18 months, we've decided we wanted a foam mattress. I sleep like a dream at night now with my new mattress. Plus to mention the fact I have fibromyalgia and I feel it has helped as I am less achey with the right support system in all the proper places. My concern was how my existing sheets would fit on this new mattress. My sheets fit better and STAY on the bed instead of ripping off the edges. Whatever my concerns were, they are easily put to rest with this purchase. I highly reccommend it; especially considering the competition, you can't beat this deal price-wise or quality wise!
This memory foam mattress is a real bargain. It supports almost as well as the more expensive brands. You won't be sorry you purchased it.
I am coming from a cheap foam mattress from Ikea and this is SOOOOO much better. It is thick and firm and very easy to move. I got the full (it's just me in the bed) and I love it. It does need to be aired out for the chemical smell, but that leaves in a few hours.
Best mattress I have ever slept on.
I love this mattress! The first night was not so great. I woke up with a backache. I had been using a pillowtop mattress, so this new mattress was much firmer. But after the first night, it kept getting better and better. I have a king size and I picked it up myself and brought it home. My 11 year old neighbor boy helped me put it on the boxsping and it only took us a few minutes.
Happy with this purchase
Haven't opened box i need to paint first sorry. Free shipping came 3 days. BIG WOW.
This is a great buy !!! for an affordable price. I am 100% satisfied with the product . I purchased this for my mom who is an orthopedic she finds it be so comfortable. It's not too firm and not too soft it's in between which is excellent for her. She is very happy sleeping on it. It gives her very comfort. I am very Happy with this purchase. Thanks walmart for making this product for affordable price.
This mattress was everything I hoped it would be! So comfortable! The only problem is my son likes it just as much as me and doesn't want to sleep in his bed anymore.
I was looking for a mattress for our RV to replace the OEM junk. I went off of the reviews as well as being able to return it if I did not like it. We just got back after a week long trip and this is a great mattress, it is 99% as good as our home one we got from Costco for $500. You will not be disappointed with this mattress.
It's like sleeping on a cloud
I needed an entire bed and was short on money. This worked great. Soft but comfortable. The cover is nice. Someone on here suggested cotton knit sheets because it is pretty squishy. I got those and it was a good idea. A+ to good old Wal-Mart.
I love the feel of the mattress. My parents have a temperpedic mattress and that thing is amazing. This mattress definitely comes pretty close to that product. Only complaint I have about this mattress that is a bit thin for me. I needed to get a box frame to prop my bed up a little. Oh and the smell that everyone complains is not too bad and it slowly goes away. Other than the height and smell, I love this mattress.
I was a bit skeptical about sleeping on a traditional spring mattress. Rest assured(pun intended) this is a good mattress. I have been using it for 2 weeks now and i have never had a better nights sleep.

The only thing that bothers me is that it doesn't have great edge support, if you like to sit on the edge of your bed. But that is to be expected.
I tossed my old hard mattress and used this on top of my old box spring. I let it air out for a few days to lose the smell. The foam is great. My wife does not wake up every time I move. Very comfortable. So much cheaper and better then a standard mattress. It is a little warmer, but I'm sure I'll like that in the winter. I'll never go back.
Bought 2 of these for my boys who left for college. They were inexpensive but good quality. Both boys are very impressed with the comfort of the mattress as well as the quality.
After comparing with other similar products, we purchased this mattress for our son, who is 6'3" and weights 270 lbs., whenever he visits us from another state. The queen sofabed we had was a backbreaker for him. Anyway, we can see why it is highly rated, as it is comfortable yet firm, and the bacteria-fighting contents are a plus, too. He has yet to try it, but no doubt his former aches and pains will disappear.
Very comfy
We bought two of these for our boys' (age 3 and 6) twin beds. They are very comfortable! I have slept in their beds several times since we set them up, and these mattresses are much more comfortable than our pillow top. We opened the packaging and let them air out for about 3 days before the boys slept on them. There was a mild smell when we first opened them, but it was gone after a couple of days. Great value, especially for a kid's bed!
Great mattress at a great price
What a great mattress! Looks awesome! Feels Awesome! Looks and feels much more expensive than the price I paid for it! So glad I bought it. I was concerned at first that it would not be thick enough but I bought it anyways because we really needed one and the thicker mattresses were out of stock. I even left it in the box for a week thinking what if its not thick enough and I would need to return it...once you open it you cant put it back in the box as it obviously comes densely packed and it opens up once it is unboxed to its full size. There are complaints here that the mattress does not open up to the full 6" but mine its a little shy of 6" and it still has 24hr more until the recommendation 48hrs expires from the time I got it out of the box. One little note to add I believe that the mattress would have opened up to its full height even faster if it wasn't for the cold room. Our heater is not efficient enough and that room is extremely cold-memory foam expands better in warmer temperatures. So, bottom line Go ahead and buy it! You won't regret it! I am glad I went for it and didn't shell out hundreds of dollars more on a different mattress. I am now waiting and saving up enough money to buy twin size for my kids as well:) BTY the mattress is wrapped in a soft good looking white cover that is zipped. Didn't check as yet how hard it is to remove it for washing but I intend to use a mattress cover over it anyways.
idk what makes this mattress so much more comfortable but it is
Super soft . Love this bed
Guess I was a bit use to my lesser foam mattress that I gave to my son. But I needed a new bed. Its not like my 4 in foam mattess that I ordered from here but it will do. How it sleep? I really can't say its better than nothing. Sorry, I thought my review would be better than this as well but it just wasn't for me.
Pretty good for the price
Very good product and good value
I ordered an 8" Queen size memory foam mattress and it was delivered on time. I Followed the instructions and let it expand out for atleast 24 hours before sleeping on it. By the next day it seemed to have expanded fully but the left sided corners of the bed only seemed to have expanded to about 6.5-7 inches as compared to the right side which rounded out at 8 inches.

I was a little disappointed due to the uneven expansion on the left side to be honest but by and large its only about an inch differential and doesn't really affect the main purpose of the product which is for comfortable sleep. So far so good in terms of comfort. It contours perfectly to my body when i lay down and expands back to shape when i get off.

I recommend it but try and allow it maybe 48 hours for full expansion so you don't have uneven sides or corners.
The matress is fine! My guest's thought it was very comfortable. Only negative thing would be I had to wait almost 30 minutes at the store for someone to help me at the site to store desk. Took a very long time, the lady seemed ticked at me for tearing her away from something, then took forever to drag my item to me from the back where it clearly states on the package to use 2 people. This part would be a deterant in the future for a walmart site to store pick up.
Good Product
However, don't expect the product could last long. Also, it is not firm enough. The 10" mattress could be better. Anyway, I am moving again once my son graduates from high school so I don't expect to keep this product for over two years.
My old IKEA foam mattress lasted for only 3 years. Hope this one last longer.
Nice
it`s ok for the price you pay
This is the best sleep I have had in over 5 yrs. I have back & joint problems & have a very hard time sleeping. With in 3 day after getting this Mattress I am not hurting hardly at all. This is great.
Optional
Did not expand to the full 8 inches it advertises.
Bought this product for my mother who was having problems with her mattress, so I thought this would do the trick... She told me its quite firm, and not too comfortable. For the price, I would have thought this product would have done the trick, but unfortunately, its not. I would not recommend this product
comfortable, but you get what you pay for. does not feel as good as a posturpedic, but does not cost nearly as much. is a bit too firm for memory foam, because there is only a thin layer of memory foam on top of a harder foam base. how you fix this is go and spend another $100-$200 on a pure memory foam mattress pad (or a 3 inch down mattress pad, which i did). then it is very close to a sealy, which would have still been more than the combined cost of both. just sleeping on this alone is like putting a 2 inch foam mat on the floor. but it is decent for under $200.
It looks me value for money. It's very early stage to comment the product. I received in good conidtion and it is medium soft. The Quality of the bed cover is very bad
I expected an 8" mattress, but it never expanded to more that 6 1/2". I set it up and let it air out for 3 days but it never met its promised depth. It is still a great mattress for the money.
Gosh, I was so excited about this mattress...
I was aware by previous review that in some cases this product doesn't expand completely. That's the only reason why I gave it a 3 star. It's very uneven. I notice in some areas that it expanded the whole 8 inches. But other areas it probably just expanded 4-6 inches. I'm a little disappointed, but it's really soft on my back. Almost cradles me to sleep. I'm planning to buy a pillow topper and hopefully this expands completely.

Also there is a smell to it, but it goes away.
We had read the reviews on this mattress over and over, Before we went ahead and bought this
People talked about how firm it is not true and it does not make a true 8" which is a big downer
Not an 8" but a 7"
The product doesn't fully expand for 48 hours. It's been over 48 hours for me and it still isn't 8 inches...
Never rose above 6 in. Allowed 72+ hours. Contacted the manufacture, had to leave a message 2x with no return phone call. I think in this case, I got what I paid for!
the mattres is very hard
This bed is very soft! I wake up and can hardly move because my back hurts so bad. You just sink into it and it wraps around you, making it very hard to move. Don't get this one maybe the 12" is better.
My old TempurPedic had 2 layers. 3" memory foam and 5" base foam. Lasted 10 years.

This one only has 2" memory foam. Expanded it seems to measure about 7 inches. I was not able to sleep on it. I was surprised by this.
I bought a 2" Techno Scout memory foam topper and added that to it. I can sleep on it now, but I'm sinking in too deep, making my pillow too thick. Also, none of our fitted sheets work right. Now we have to go buy different sheets and pillows. Still cheaper than a TempurPedic. I guess now we'll see how long it lasts.
I have had this mattress a few months now, and it is still very firm. I have even set it on top of another 4" mattress to see if it made a difference, but no, it is very hard and uncomfortable. The appearance is nice, but the comfort level is lacking big time.
Three years ago I purchased an 8" Walmart foam mattress which was great. Of course now three years later because it was so inexpensive it now needs replacing and that doesn't bother me...for the low price I can replace every three years, no problem, because I cannot afford a grand for the top end labels. What bothers me is that the new 8" I just ordered is not the same quality as the one I ordered three years ago. Walmart must have changed their vendor because this Spa Sensations is junk!! I can feel my bed frame through the mattress!!! Call me Princess and the Pea!! Still an outrage!!!! I didn't want to go through the hassle of returning an unwieldy mattress so I had to go to Home Depot and buy plywood to place between my mattress and the bed frame!!! What a pain!!! If I were you I would not buy this 8" mattress. Maybe the 10" or 12" is more comfortable.
The little box it came in was ripped and had a big hole in it. The mattress is folded and then vacuum sealed. Have to be careful you don't cut into it when opening the box.can't use it immediately have to let it expand and take full shape in a few days
Very disappointed also has chemical smell. Returned the king size mattress and even store employee told me they bought 2 single ones and were very disappointed and would not recommend it.so
I bought this as a replacement for the terrible mattress that came with my camper. When I got it, everything seemed great. It decompressed to the full 8" within a day, only had a slight odor and appeared to be well made. However, when I slept on it, my opinion quickly changed. The mattress was much too firm for me. I sleep on my back and prefer a medium to firm mattress, but this was too hard for me. I didn't sleep well at all and returned it the very next morning.
Smell never went away. Did not expand to full 8 inches. Does not look as full and plump as it does in picture. Picture online is deceiving. Got my money back. Would make a decent mattress topper.
I put bed in a guest room to give it time to expand, it has been sitting there for a week and still has not inflated to the 8inches as promised.
It takes time for me to really know the impact, however, when I get in bed on my knees it doesn't hurt. Maybe, if the product was 8 inches I would recommend it and knowing over a period of time how it makes me feel.
At 11:00 was the 72 hour mark & it is NOT going to get any taller, but there is an inch missing, so if I had known this I would have ordered the 10" & maybe got 8". Everyone says the smell is so bad, NO its NOT that bad, its just the green tea. It was delivered late in the evening @ 5:30, so I knew I had to wait until the next morning to put it on my mattress that is too firm. Its heavy & expands pretty fast. I slept on it that night, great feel. My only worry is its going to have indentions bad where I sleep. I have slept on it 2 nights & its great but, not like the puffiness in the beginning.(just 2 nights) Its packed in where I sleep & the sheets are getting looser, so there goes the 7". I had a 4 inch that lasted over a year by turning it around & yes, even sleeping on the back side of it. People want what they pay for & you just do NOT get it with this. My fear is its going to sink into where you sleep, if after 2 nights it does this! It gives support right now, but kind a plush. I just wish I had purchased the 10" for $80.00 more. But, it was all I could do to get this one set up! They suck the air out of these & set up for a long time & you do NOT get the full effect of what it says! So, if you want 8" get the 10". If you want the 10" get the 12" because these are not going to go to the size they claim. I will get another coil in & plush the next time. Where I can see it & feel it & measure it. This one is the full length & even lapses over my main mattress & the full width. But, the bottom line is I wanted an 8" & that's NOT what I got, so it should NOT cost that much! I will have to keep it & turn it etc. It does sleep comfortable for now! But, from experience & the 2 nights on it, this will NOT last long & its on a firm mattress base with box springs under that, yes, its high up! If you want just this alone do not get it,it will NOT hold up without something under it like box springs which I also have. Or a mattress. If you want a stand alone one, do NOT get one of these! The floor would be the ONLY solution!
bad
I ordered two mattresses and only opened one. It is not 8 inches high and am waiting thinking it may 'puff up'. If not I plan to return them.
It's been a couple of weeks now that I'm using the mattress, but already started having back pain ! Planning to return
When I first got it I was so happy.I was sleeping on the floor.then after about two months I started seeing
Lumps in the mattress I don't know why.then about two months later the frame started breaking.now I'm
Back on the floor again.I do weight 370 pounds and my boy friend add another few hundred ,but it is for
King it could hold 2400 pounds. We are no were near this weight.I been calling them they send a new frame,but think I'm lieing about the mattress. Its not worth the trouble.
The mattress showed up looking like a big sleeping bag. It might be nice to take camping but what you see in the picture is not what youre getting
If you like to sleep on the hard floor or marble slab then this mattress is for you!! I didn't want to beleive all the negative reviews on this product. I wish I had now. After the first night I had a back ache, then I added a 4" memory foam topper and that seem to make it softer. But sadly after a week I could take no more pain. After releasing the mattress from the box, it is impossible to get it back in the box. the longer it sits out the harder it gets! The odor is very low, I had to lay on the mattress to smell anything. Thank you walmart for your no hassle return policy!! After folding it in half, and using rope to tie it , I put it in my truck and took it back to the store where they had to use a flat bed to cart it into the store.
Do not waste your money unless you like sleeping on a brick biggest mistake I've ever made about a bed ugh now I'm out 300 and can't sleep great
We unpacked this mattress three days ago, and it is only 4 to 5 inches, and in some places only 2 or 3 inches! It was advertised as being 8 inches. I called the manufacturer, and they said to wait another week, which we are forced to do. I guess the jury is still out on this one, but I am not optimistic. I don't want to go through the trouble of returning it, but I may have to do that. One pljus is that when you call Spa Sensations, you get a human being to talk to, and they are responsive with your comments/questions.
My mattress has been sitting on the box springs to decompress and so far I am only getting 4-5 inches in some spots and that is it! So far not happy with this purchase. I will give it a couple more days and then calling the company to get a replacement or my money back!
My wife and I after letting it set up for two days on our box springs, tried to sleep on it for 2 nights. Both nights we sank over half way into the mattress and had to crawl up out of it to get out of bed.
It took a while to fluff up and smelled funny. We are returning it, as it is not what we thought it would be. It was just as described, however they fail to mention the unpleasant smell that it emits and the side effects that come with them.
I have aired the mattress for several days, but find in vain. the terrible odor is too much to be get rid of. besides, it's too soft, when lied down, it sank a lot. making people feel no support ,especially, in the waist.the cover is very thin, you even can see the foam through the cover!
it's a terrible experience in Walmart who i love so much.
other items i bought are OK except this one.
I regret buying this mattress if there is anyway I can return it and buy another mattress I definetly would do it even if I have to pay more.
I bought a real 4" memory foam topper just son't waste your money on a CHEAP KNOCK OFF!
I expected memory foam when I ordered this mattress. The mattress does not reflect memory foam. It is very hard with no give. I might as well have been sleeping on the floor. I dreaded going to bed every night. After one week of giving it a try, my husband and I weighed our options and decided to order a memory foam mattress topper for our "memory foam" mattress. It is better now, but still not great like all the other reviews. Unless you like a hard bed, do not order this product!
Memory foam mattress. I got the 8 inch but it did not go up to 8 inches at all, the middle is 7 inches my side it is only 5 inches and on my husband side it is 6 inches. So i feel like i am going to roll right off the bed. For 1 week I was calling the customer service 800 number leaving messages. No one will call me back, so I am not very happy about buying this memory foam mattress.
Bought this for my daughter who went away to college.. She imformed me it's like sleeping on rocks! I feel terrible I sent her such a poor quality mattress that she has to live with now.. Very disappointed"
I would love to review this product but it never arrived. I ended up getting another mattress. I selected the site to store option and it never arrived. If you order this product get it shipped directly to your home. I wish I had.
It is a comfortable mattress with a good price for memory foam. I'm not sure that the 8" mattress was necessary. The 6" would probably be fine for most people. I remember the advertisement showing three different kinds of foam with the 8" mattress but I have only been able to distinguish two. So you shouldn't buy this if you are hoping for that middle layer. It just appears to have 2" more of the base layer.
This 8" mattress replaced a 12" Spa Sensations mattress that was impossibly firm....rather like lying on a carpetted board. The 8" Spa Sensations has less dense memory foam, 2.5 lb vs 5 lb for the 12", so I expected it to be less firm than the 12" model, and it is; however, although it is less firm than the 12" model, it is still very firm.
I considered returning the mattress and give up on memory foam mattress, but I found that the addition of a 2" x 2.5 lb density memory foam mattress pad and a Canopy High Top mattress topper improved the softness to a degree that is now acceptable.
Too soon to tell. So far my daughter likes it. Won't know how it hold up so soon.
Might be better used for a mattress topper only! Frame and bed in a bag are okay
Its hard as a rock.
I purchased this a month ago. It smells bad and hard to sleep on. Don't let the ads fool you. I am not satisfied with walmart at all.
I THOUGHT I WAS ORDERING A MATTRESS NOT A CURLED UP IN A BOX FOAM HEAP ! WHEN I WENT TO PICK UP THE "MATTRESS" I WAS AMAZED IT WAS IN A 1AND1/2 FT. X 1AND1/2 X 40" BOX ! I DON'T CALL THAT A MATTRESS ! THE PICTURE YOU SHOW IS A FULL MATTRESS, NOT A ROLLED UP LAYERS OF FOAM ! I'M NOT ANGRY ! I JUST THOUGHT YOU OUGHT TO MAKE IT MORE APPARENT WHAT YOU ARE GETTING! WHEN I SAW THE ASSOCIATE PULL THE BOX FROM UNDER THE COUNTER I THOUGHT IT WAS FOR SOMEONE ELSE, SURELY NOT MY MATTRESS THAT I HAD ORDERED!! THANKS FOR THE IMMEDIATE REFUND BACK TO MY ACCOUNT ! AGAIN. NOT ANGRY!! PROBABLY MY MIS-UNDERSTANDING !
This mattress would be fine for a guest bed that only gets occasional use. We bought it and it was comfortable for a few months. Now it has been a full year and we have had to replace it because it is horribly uncomfortable with two big dips in it where we laid. Not a good value in my mind if it only lasts a few months. There is a 10 year warranty, I'm curious if the manufacturer will stand behind their product.
Bought the queen size for our son and he loves it! Money well spent. He is 16 and sleeping like a baby!
Don't let the price fool you. This is a good mattress. I have a high end memory foam mattress and this one is comparable at a fraction of the price.
I purchased it with $239.Now the price has reduce to $209. Can I get back the amount ?
Bought this mattress for our trailer that we are living in while we remodel our house. On the old mattress I would toss and turn all night and then wake up with sore knees. My husband would wake up with a sore back. Since sleeping on the Spa Sensations 8" Memory Foam Mattress (2 weeks now) have slept the whole night thru and wake up feeling great. Was easy to pick-up at the store and was ready to sleep on in a couple of hours. Never had any odor problem. The first night it was a little warn, solved by taking off some of our covers. For the price I think this is great product. Would recommend this mattress.
I ordered these mattresses for my kids for our new house. I ordered it in advance since my kids needed a bed to sleep in; the promised shipping date was may 7th but we did not receive them. my kids have been sleeping on the floor and Im extremely disappointed with this purchase. its been a huge inconvenience for my family and we wont be ordering anymore of the many items we need for our new home from this website.
Have been sleeping on this mattress for 3 weeks now and still love it. I was told they are warm and it is a little but our roon is in the lower level and its fine. I would have to say it is very firm so far and thats also perfect for us. So if a firm mattress that is a little warmer to sleep on is ok with you this is the one to buy. I have to say I now sleep better than I have in many years;) We should have purchased this sooner. We had no problem with it coming to full height either as some said ours is 8" all around and I even put it upside down for 12 hours before I noticed it was upside down!
Comfortable and arrived sooner than promised...great price
hi i buy queen size spa memory mattress in oct 10 and is not 8 in ch is 7 inch and is not memory foam mattress is just foam mattress with memory foam topper 1.5 inch and rewivew they put good one on top of the list is over priced mattress i use to be have real memory foam and i know how momory foam mattress feels thanks.
Did not meet the expectations.
The mattress is great and came in fine. Of course it would have been better if the rest of the bed had not been lost in transit.
The product looks good on the website but when it arrives you will feel sorry.
The mattress is fantastic and extremely comfortable. Amazing packaging hard to believe the 8" thick King Sized mattress fit in that small box.
I've had it (king size) for a couple of weeks and have slept like a rock every night. Can't beat this mattress at this price.
This was a gift for a daughter. She loves it.
The price was right. I was able to bring it home in the back of my van with all the seats in place. It was a full 8 inches high within 12 hours of taking it out of the packaging. Slept on it one night and I am a believer. I have a Magic Loft mattress cover over it which adds just a bit more cushion as I like a softer bed. It's not the prettiest mattress I've owned but I am the only one that will ever see it. Overall, I couldn't be happier.
I bought this bed about 2 months ago. For the first couple weeks it was a little too firm for me. But now it's broke in a little and I have to say for the first time in a long time I am sleeping through the night. I wake up in the same spot I fell asleep in which is amazing becuase I normally am all over the place. All in all I really love my new bed!
I was skeptical at first because I'm not on the skinny side but after reading all the reviews I decided to give it a try and I did and it was the best purchase that I have ever done. It did have a smell to it but after 24 hours it was gone. The next day I felt refreshed and no back pains. Great product I have recommended this to anyone looking for a great solution to regular mattresses.
Love, love, love it. Bought this to use in our summer home. We have the name brand mattress at home which cost 10 times as much and so far I can't tell the difference between the two.
Love the product. For the price was hoping for a cover that was waterproof, but still a great item.
I've had this for over two weeks now on top of my platform which I reviewed before.

-I can't feel my husband move AT ALL!
-It helps his back out so much!
-It feels real nice! As if I had bought an expensive one!

Downside: It has smelled like an overload of tootsie rolls(and I usually like tootsie rolls) for these two weeks and we've given up on getting rid of the smell :( Other than that, it is perfect, no lies.
We purchased a queen size for my college seniors new apartment. We also purchased the Slumber 1 queen/king frame. It took us almost as long to unpack the shrink wrapped mattress than it did for the mattress to expand. It took about two hours for it to fully expand and I was expecting an odor. There was none. It was everything I was expecting. The frame took all of 10 minutes to put together and for about $300 she has a brand new comfy bed. There's tons of storage area iunder the bed because the frame raises it 14" from the floor. Thank you Walmart.
Great mattress, reasonable price, 2nd one I've bought!
I bought this mattress in queen a few weeks ago. The 8" mattress is plenty deep and very comfortable. I use it on a metal frame without a boxspring and the height is just right. The bed is not too soft, but you do sink into it, eliminating painful pressure points.
I previously had a 2 in memory foam topper on my last bed, and my boyfriend and I upgraded to a queen. I couldn't afford a normal box spring, and this one looked good online.
Once I got it home, let it set up a few days on the living room floor, and slept on it the first night, OMG!
This is a great and amazing bed! We used to have back pains getting up in the morning, now no pain at all except getting out (we never want to!).

Great product!
I love my mattress. I have had it about 2 1/2 months. The only thing that I was not happy about is that it never seemed to get to the full eight inches. Other than that it sleeps great. Thinking about getting another one to put on top of the one I already have.
Excellent!!!! When you first see the package you wonder if it would live up to expectation..it sure has. Bought it for my four year old daughter who loves it. Other family members have tested it and love it. They are gonna buy instead of spending hundreds to thousands of dollars on a mattress. I highly recommend this product.
Bought this item for me and my boyfriend to sleep on w/ my platform bed frame and it is really comfortable. You get a really good nights sleep on it.
I was looking for inexpensive option for a replacement bed in our extra bedroom. I watch sports in there all the time so wanted something comfortable to lay on. I shopped at some local mattress shops but they seemed high to me. I remembered seeing a bed in a box in the local Walmart store. We went to check it out and they did not have a twin. The manager helped me look up this bed on line. I went home ordered this bed right away. Great price..great bed. It arrived in about a week in a relatively small box and weighed less than 50 pounds. We opened the box in the living room and within two to three hours it had expanded out close to it designed size. I love this bed.....
This mattress was a dream come true after having the same beat up mattress for a few years.
It isn't too stiff, but this is memory foam so it's not meant to offer that cushy-ness a softer mattress may. I love that I can get up from bed and my husband won't even feel it! Our back discomforts went away immediately!
Make sure you open it in another room atleast one day before you intend to use it...Cause it is STINKY!
Bought a mattress like this for my daughter 4 years ago and when my son needed a new mattress for his bed I bought him one. I told my husband that as soon as we need a new mattress we are going to get one a well.
This was so convenient, came in a box, unfolded perfectly. Great product, great price.
I purchased it almost 3 weeks ago and I was little hesitant after seeing few reviews. But, I feel very much comfortable and it is not too soft or too hard. It is medium soft and I feel less back pain. I would suggest this bed to my friends.
When it first arrived I thought there is no way this is a mattress, and didn't believe that it would ever be 8inches thick, or that the chemical smell would ever leave it. Two days later it was 8inches think, and a month later, and with a little febreeze, the smell is completely gone.
It's like sleeping on a marshmallow. I love my new mattress, I get jealous if anyone lies down on it. I sleep very few hours a day but I feel so rested now. This mattress has really changed my life. I feel like I can do a lot more, because I have more energy. If there is a possible buyer out there, just do it, it's great, you don't have to spend an arm and a leg on expensive name brands. This is mattress is more than bargain at this price!
Short version:
Very Firm.
Needs to air out for DAYS to get rid of the chemical smell.
I'm happy with it.

Long version:

First, I'm glad I read the other reviews first. If you're not looking for a VERY FIRM mattress, then DO NOT BUY, this product. If, however, like me, you like a firm mattress, which will distribute your weight evenly and eliminate pressure points, then this thing is perfect. I really like it.
The only disclaimer I'd give. I let it air out in my backyard, covered by a tarp at night for 3 days before bring it inside, and then another 2 days before actually laying on it. This seemed to get rid of most of the odor. You will want to let it air out for a significant period of time, because in the beginning, it has a pretty strong chemical smell.
Still, once that's done, I like it.
Now I'm only hoping it will hold up well, and I'll be able to make the same statement 2 years from now. We'll see.
I recently purchased this 8" Memory Foam Mattress after almost a year of shopping around. I looked at all kinds and compared them all. Some as expensive as $2500. Then by accident i found this one while looking for something else on the Walmart website. I had looked at and considered buying a Tempur-Pedic, but it was almost $2000 for a basic one. I had purchased a Murray platform bed a week before. So i ordered this mattress in a queen size for $199 along with a Beauty Rest mattress pad for $31. It came in a few days and was very easy and fun to install. The first night i slept all the way through and woke up refreshed without any aches and pains. I have not slept this good in years. And it's only gotten better. I highly recommend this to anyone looking for a great night's sleep and to anyone with back or joint problems. I am thinking of buying another one but this time 12" which Walmart has at $419 for queen size. Great product, Great Comfort and Great Value!!!
Great mattress and great price. My daughter just bought the same style mattress but a NAME brand, and it was just a full size, and paid WAY more for it, and ours is just as comfortable!! Will probably be buying another one soon for my son!!
meets expectations, as per other previous review it does smell little funny but if you have it all covered up with bed sheet it is just fine. Everyone who slept there had complimented on it. U just dont feel like getting up when u sleep on it...thats the bad side of it :)
I have very bad hip and back pain, I thought i try this product, I just added it on top of my other mattress, I love this item, help reduce my pain and conforms to my body, then goes back to shape.
I love this bed. I have tried my parents Temper-pedic mattress. This mattress compares directly to that one. I did not notice a single difference. Why people are spending so much more money, I do not know. Very satisfied. I recommend. I did not have an issue with the smell. It went away within a couple hours. A++++
I was very suprised by the comfort of this product. I sleep very well on this mattress and for the money it is hands down a great product. I would give it a very high rating!
I purchased this product based upon the price and the reviews of others who purchased this product previous to me. I am soooooooooooooooo happy with this product and would recommend to everyone I know.
Happy ZZZZs to all my fellow product owners, and to you who are considering purchasing this mattress, all I have to say is do it, do it, do it!

Thank You Walmart!! You continue to make me Happy!
This was best mattress I have slept on, great buy would tell friends and family to buy one. Excellent product.
BOUGHT FOR MY SON AND AFTER SLEEPING ON A REGULAR MATTRESS HE SAID WITH THIS ONE HE FINALLY IS GETTING GOOD QUALITY SLEEP.
I can say nothing but good things about this mattress; from the ease of delivery and price compared to those that are $1000s. My son has a bad back and has had nothing but restful sleep since receiving this mattress. Has no complaints of being too hot or too firm. For the price, you can't go wrong. If I need to replace any mattresses, I would definitely purchase this item, again.
I was skeptical at first. After 2 wks, I love it. No smell that some had mentioned. It took 2 1/2 days to fully expand. Very comfortable. I cannot really say if it helps my back (maybe give it more time), but the wife says hers feels better. I placed it right on top of the existing queen box spring and it works fine. It is about an inch bigger than the box spring on all four sides, but it does not seem to effect anything. I highly recommend for the price.
For those who are experiencing a foam mattress for the first time, it takes a day or two to get used to.. but after the first week I began to hate getting out of bed! It's so comfortable. :)
We put this mattress on "Easy Steel Bed Frame, Black" product. Together they make a very good, reasonably priced guest bed. I am very satisfied. I think the mattress is rather firm than soft.
I am using this mattress since 4 months and never had any complaints on this.
This is firm and value for the money. Never had back pains sleeping on this.
I fully recommend this product, after seeing this mattress at my place, few of my friend brought this and they are satisfied with the product.
I don't smell any odor from this mattress.
I LOVE it! I was able to sleep on it the first night, it only took about 2 hours to completely fluff up, there was no "weird smell" as i have read in some of the other reviews. It is super comfortable, and inexpensive. I cant wait to buy one for my daughter.
I probably read about every review on this bed before i decided to buy it. I am so glad we decided on getting it. It only took about 3 days i think to receive it, which i was expecting more than a week so that was a plus. It is quite heavy, we got a king and i think it weighed 78 lbs. I read reviews on here saying that it stinks really bad when opened and takes days to go away. I dont know if we got lucky or what, but it did have a slight smell to it when it was first opened but i could only smell it if i was laying on it, and the smell went away after a couple hours. I also read that it takes 48 or more hours to fully expand. Ours only took about a day. I was worried about it being too firm, i like soft mattresses, and it is firm but you sink into it and its so comfortable. The first night we slept in it, i woke up the next morning in the same position i fell asleep in, its that comfy. I love this bed and am so glad we got it! I would definitely reccommend it to everyone!
this mattress leans more towards the firm side yet not to firm... u wont sink into it and end up in the center but its extremely comfortable... great price for a great product.
This mattress is very comfortable and a very good bargain.
I never expected this comfort for 200 bucks. It's worth it. I suggested my brother and he loved it too.
Comes in a 40"x 15"x 15" box, so it can fit into a small car easily. Had a "good" bed before this, but I woke up with back pain all the time. I have yet to have a bad night on this mattress, and I got it on sale, so an even better deal!
I needed a new mattress but did not want to spend a lot of money. My previous mattress I spent over $2,000 for the mattress and box springs and it was a great disappointment. I had looked at a memory foam mattress at Ikea and liked the way it felt. I saw this one on Walmart.com and it was $50 less and free shipping to the store. I was skeptical when it arrived but within a few hours it was the right size (I measured). There was not any smell and I am sensitive to smells so I was concerned from previous reviews. The next night we put it on our box springs. I have had the best sleep in years. Even when my previous mattress was new it did not compare to this one. I highly recommend this. Great sleep!!
This bed is incredible, it provides great support, I sleep soundly all night, I don't wake up sore, this bed can definitely be competitive with much more expensive models, I dont know what all the low ratings are talking about, this mattress hasn't caused any of those problems they were talking about, so I wouldnt even consider those ratings.
This is a really comfortable mattress...you don't even need a bed frame, it's that comfortable. And the price is great!
They even deliver it at my front door! Highly recommended!
This mattress met or exceeded all of my expectations. Great price, great for my back, firm yet soft and comfortable, isolates the sleeper from the movement of your partner and worked great with my $129.00 Ikea platform bed and the inexpensive slats. So for around $380.00, I got a bed just as comfortable, maybe more comfortable than my $2600.00 (mattress set w/accessories only) sleep number bed.

Used Site to store shipping which is very convenient for me and the packaging is very compact and makes it easy for just about anyone to move around.

Lastly, it expanded to full hight in less than 3 hours and there was no noticeable odor at all.
Unbeatable bang for the buck! A definite must buy for those needing a great price on a great mattress.
Not only is it conveniently packed & delivered, but this bed is just plain awesome! I can't begin to explain the feeling of sinking down into the foam while falling asleep. It's great!

Two small downfalls: the smell. I've had this mattress for at least two weeks now & it still smells like chemicals from the factory. Plus, be careful when you buy a bed frame or sheets, just because it's called a full doesn't mean it will fit a full size bed frame or full size sheets easily.

Overall, I wouldn't trade it for any other mattress!
The Spa Sensations memory foam mattress provided support and comfort in all the right areas for a perfect night's sleep. I awoke feeling refreshed and rested.
We use this mattress on a guest trundle bed. It is very comfortable. It is reasonably priced and was shipped to the store early. We have had no problems with it.
Very, Very happy w/ this product. It is so comfortable I can't believe people would pay so much more when they can buy this product at such a great price!
I absoulutely love this mattress. I have not had any back or neck pain since I've been sleeping on this it meshes with my body..it does have that funny smell which lasted about a week but it's officially gone and I don't want to get up in the morning:)
Highly recommend...husband and I believe it is the best sleep we have had since we were kids! So comfortable...able to sleep in positions we never could before...like, on our backs. Fall to sleep sooo quickly too!
It was hard to believe that the mattress that fit in the box would get to 8" thick or be substantial enough to sleep on, but it did and is. Very comfortable night sleep and there's no bounce like traditional mattresses when moving on bed.
I bought this for my 19-yr-old son. After a week of sleeping on it I asked him how he liked it and he said, "It's pretty amazing". He loves it! $199.00 well spent. For that price, I would imagine it won't last as long as the $2k mattresses but if you don't have that kind of money to spend, give this one a try!
I am about 250lbs and my wife is not small. this bed gives us both the comfort and support we expected.
EXCELLENT, CONSIDERING REPLACING ALL OUR BEDS WITH THESE MATRESSES AS NEEFED.
I bought this bed really not expecting much for the price but it is AMAZING!!! I bought it as a christmas gift for me and hubby and with this bed I have had the best nights sleep I have had in years. It is very comfy and dense without being to firm. Great bed at a great price!!!
This mattress is wonderful.After searching other stores and reading complaints from all brands of mattresses i decided to give this one a try.The positive feedback from so many is what made me look at this particular one.Everything said about this is true.It grew to a full 8 inches.I have two mattress toppers from my old bed on it also.We do not toss and turn anymore.You pretty much wake up in the same spot you laid down in,and the sheets and covers stay intact.I would recommend this and purchase another when i need to.wonderful!
I have never slept better. The price was outstanding. It was delivered in 2 days which was so important as I was moving from a furnished apartment and needed a place to sleep immediately.
I have already recommended it to several friends and family members. I never knew that Walmart could deliver such a great product and in record time. Now I am looking at other Walmart products for my home.
This mattress is great, i picked it up three days ago, the box it came in was able to fit in the back seat of my small car. i opened it and let it sit in my garage for a day because the reviews said it gives off an odor. We slept on it last night and OMG!! It felt great.my fiance is upset because he purchased one for 1400 dollars for our other home about 6mths ago and this one sleeps the same if not better. we have been talking about this mattress all morning. My back feels much better.
Everyone should buy this mattress. When my husband and I first opened it, there was no smell, just a perfect comfy mattress. I'm happy I bought this mattress and plan on buying more in the future as gifts.
Great comfort and price. LOVE IT!
Bought this for my 4 year old grand daughter and she just loves it. Took a few days to poof up but no smell as some had stated. Great mattress!!
I LOVE this mattress!! I will NEVER own another spring mattress!!
Our old mattress was a pillow top queen and after a good long life, it was time for a replacement. I knew I did NOT want another pillow top, I gave serious thought to memory foam mattress. After looking at the "big" names and experiencing sticker shock, I moved my search to Wal-Mart. Here I found several different thicknesses. Ultimately, we decided on this 8" due to the fact that I thought the 12" would be too thick to fit under our footboard (there is a small ledge).

We selected site to store shipping so that was free and the mattress arrived with 7 days. I told my husband to pick up the mattress and he took the big truck because he thought it was going to be a huge box. It actually comes in a box that would have fit in my car. The biggest problem we had was finding a clear expanse of floor for the mattress to lay on while it expands. The expansion only took about 24 hours (it was actually done with 12 but we wanted to give it a whole day). There was no odor and the fabric cover is nice to have. It fit perfectly over our existing box frame.

Now, about the comfortability factor. I LOVE IT! My husband and I are both tosser/turners and now we cannot tell when the other is moving. Also, I am not noticing a build up of body heat as the mattress conforms to my shape. I am mostly a side sleeper and was experiencing a lot of shoulder and back pain with our old mattress. With this one, I still have some back pain (but that is due to age and is not as severe as it once was). Also, I find myself sleeping on my back more and am totally comfortable.

I am completely satisfied with this product and have recommended to friends and family. Oh, after the mattress full expanded, I found out that the 12" would have fit but not going to return as I am satisfied with the one I have.
After seeing many Foam-type Memory Matresses, I am glad I selected this one. It arrived small enough and expanded almost immediately to use without any odor. It is very comfortable being firm and moldable to your body at the same time. A long time ago I even had a waterbed and this is so much more benefical. Shipping to my home was very prompt and even better when you get a Roll-back price !!
We own a queen size and wanted a full for our other bed. Very comfortable and no one has complained about a bad night sleeping on it.
This product his awesome. It is unbelievable for the price and we would recommend it for every bed. We put this in our daughter's room, who has trouble sleeping, and this solved the problem.
People always thought that to get a good memory foam mattress, you have to spend a fortune. Not necessary. This mattress feels just the same as those you would've spend thousands for. It's very comfortable. Of coz, some people might feel it's soft or some might feel it's hard. I think it's all depend on each individual's preception. But bottomline, you would not feel any back or neck pain after waking up. One warning though, memory foam mattress does tend to absorb body heat. So it could feel somewhat hot to sleep on. But during winter, it's perfect. :)
I'm a light sleeper,but after i got this memory foam mattress,i've slept more solid than ever.great product-great buy.
I have not had as good of a nights sleep since I was a kid.Am going to buy one for my son.
This mattress is wonderful! I travel alot volunteering in many cities, and needed something that I could take with me that wasn't an inflatable. This has worked out perfect and would recommend it to anyone. The smell is only strong for the first day. I let it air out for a day before putting on my sheets and the smell is barely noticable.
I was surprised by the packaging but once it was opened it quickly turned into a mattress.

Very comfortable and a great deal.

Well worth the money.
This product was everything it said it was. It is even a little bit longer than the standard mattress giving a full fit to the bed frame. I loved everthing about. (Don't worry the sheets still fit nicely.)
The only improvement I would suggest to the makers is the mattress cover thats on it when it arrives. It could be much better quality.
Great mattress!! So comfy!!!
This mattress is so comfortable. It was extremely easy to set up. Once I removed the vacuumed sealed cover, I immediately placed on top of my laguna platform bed that I purchase the month before.

The mattress fully expanded within a couple of hours. There was a bit of an odor from the memory foam that lingered for about two weeks, but it wasn't a significant smell at all. I waited 24 hours before I slept on it to give the mattress significant time to fully expand, and I have been in love ever since.

The only problem was the mattress placed on rollback a week after I purchased it, but for the comfort it was an absolute steal.
Mattress is very comfortable. Took maximum of 2 hours or so to fully rise to it's potential. Conforms to your body. Great, simple mattress for kids, or guest room. The price is not too shabby as well.
the mattress does have a smell at first so will need to be aired out and it does take longer than 2 hours to inflate to full size. the cover is cheaply made but other than that it's a great mattress. everyone on here said it's firm but I don't think it's firm at all but I tend to like a firmer mattress. I have been sleeping on it for a week and I have to say I notice a difference in my sleeping! I am more rested in the morning and my back and joints feel great. I use to toss and turn all the time with my old mattress and I don't do it as much now. I am going to by one for my mom and I would recommend this to anyone that wants a nice mattress with out the crazy price...
WOW! I honestly didn't expect to luv this mattress as much as I do! When I took it out of the box it was in a funny shape since part of it is rolled up when it's packed and I didn't think it was going to puff up flat but it did. It came out perfectly! It only took a few hours, 2-3 I'd say. This mattress is nice and firm, folds to my body but still really nice and firm. Luv luv luv it!
This mattress is AMAZING!! My husband has not been able to sleep in almost 2 years on our traditional spring mattress. We purchased this one 2 weeks ago and he's been sleeping like a baby since. It did have a slight odor when we opened it but nothing unbearable. It's the most comfortable bed we've ever owned! I'd recommend this bed to anybody looking to buy a new one. We researched memory foam beds for quite some time before we bought one. We even went to Bob's Discount Furniture and tried out the version they sell and found no difference between the two except the walmart one had a MUCH better price! We wouldn't trade this mattress for anything. LOVE IT!!
I purchased this [queen size] mattress when I became pregnant because I previously did not have a conventional bed.

I paired it with a basic metal bed frame and, in lieu of a box spring, two large plywood boards.

I love it! It gave me all the firmness and support I needed throughout my pregnancy, but is cushy enough that I don't feel like I'm just laying across a solid surface now that I'm my pre-pregnancy size. It conforms to your body wonderfully, and I couldn't ask for anything better!

I'm sure higher-end memory foam mattresses are fantastic, but for myself I could never justify paying the price difference when something so reasonably priced is SO wonderful.
I brought this home and opened the package and put it on my steel frame and by the next night was ready for my company to have a good nights rest. Everyone that has slept on it just loves it..maybe someday I will get to try it out.
The mattress arrives in a convenient long rectangular box that easily fits into the back seat of any car. Upon opening it and watching it expand it's truly amazing and is covered in it's own nicely tailored zippered shell. It took less than a day to reach it's full 8" depth however. . .be forewarned, like ALL memory foam products it has that chemical smell. It didn't dissipate enough that I could comfortably sleep on it for over a week. Now that it's aired out though I'm still in awe of the quality of the product -- and the sleep I'm getting on it! I plan to replace my guest room twin mattresses with this product as well.
had a buddy come over who owns a temper-pedic mattress and i said "hey just got a new mattress, go lay on it and tell me how much you think i spent on it." so he went in and tried it, came out and said "$2,700, i have a tempur-pedic too, but yours is softer." i said, "try $200 at walmart." enough said. its a great mattress
Bought it on sale it is my first memory foam bed and i love it no more back pain. Recommended
I previously had a full size regular spring mattress that was nearly 20 years old! This mattress allows for a great night's sleep and no more aches or pains! We purchased the King Size and use it with the
Slumber 1 Smart Base Steel Bed Frame,
Queen/King. A great value! Paid less for both pieces than you would normally pay for just a mattress and it is more than comfortable for someone who has a history of lower back issues.
I have a top of the line tempurpedic mattess at home and am at a job site for the next 6 months. When I got to the corp housing - they have a mattress that I've been told is a futon! after about 3 weeks of worsening pain in my back and neck --and horrible sleep, I had to do something. I was unsure about buying a memory foam mattress on line - especially at this price point. I was worried about returning it if not right, etc. so I figured walmart would let me return it no prob if needed. I ordered on a thursday afternoon and paid the 35.00 for rush delivery out of desperation. I was supposed to get it the following tuesday but it arrived the next day! even better, my pain is decreasing everyday and after 6 days, I think it is the best mattress out there for this price. My boyfriend bought a queen 12 inch mem foam mattress at sam's club for 500.00 and this one feels even better than that because it is the perfect firmness - not too squishy. smell is gone in a day and expands last inch by second day. I slept on it after about 8 hours and i couldn't be more pleased.
My wife has been having neck and back problems. What a help this has been. She sleeps much better and it has really helped her neck and back. Leave it out for a day or so and let it expand and air out.
It is extremely comfortable and form-fitting. Definitely recommend it.
This I awesome, I have an Icoil mattress I love and I added this Memory Foam 8" mattress on top of the other! I LOVE It! it is so comfortable you don't want to get out of bed in the A.M.! and the price was awesome! Great buy!
i loved the small package it came in, easy for me to handle. the bed is easy to handle out of package and takes shape immediately. had a joyous sleep. very comfortable. i love this bed. works for my back too. wake up refreshed and un-stiff. nice feeling. would recommend this bed to anyone who likes a nice mattress with a bit of support. (love this memory foam material.) very happy with this product.. :)
No odor! No motion! No hurting! Great sleep! Can't wait to go to bed!
It only took the mattress a few hours to expand to 8 inches. Did not notice any plastic odor as others mentioned. It was very firm the first few days, but softened to a very comfortable level after that. I have noticed a substantial improvement in my sleep quality. I got this mattress because I was waking up tired, sore, stiff and achy and suspected my old mattress was the problem With this new mattress I sleep fully and don't feel sleepy, tired, achy, sore and stiiff when I get up. In fact, I wake up earlier and get up sooner. I'm too awake and rested now when I wake up to lay around like I used to with the old mattress.

I highly recommend this mattres on its own merits. For the price it is a value that can't be beat.
Love it,just wish I had bought the 12inch instead. But will buy the topper.
I wish we would have purchased this mattress for our home. We have it in our RV and what a GREAT nights sleep. Easy to unwrap and watch it do it's thing. No smell, no muss , no fuss....just put on a mattress cover and sheets and you are good to go. One of our best buys....
I love this bed, the price is great and the quality is awesome.
We have a Tempurpedic at home on our King size bed and it is wonderful. I wanted a new mattress for our RV, but didn't want to spend a fortune for it. I happened upon this mattress while shopping for some school clothes for my daughters online.

Ordered it on Monday night, received it with free shipping on Thursday.

It was amazingly comfortable, especially for the price. It's not quite the quality of the Tempurpedic, but it was 10% of the cost.

Several of my friends have already ordered one for their RV.
Unbeliveable!!! Slept on the same mattress for 25 years. I didn't know what I was missing. My neck feels 100% better. Great value!!
Great value! Very comfortable. Exactly as described.
This mattress is everything it's described to be. It is being used by a 17 year old who was insistent someone "crack" her back several times a day from sleeping on an inner-spring mattress. From the first night she slept on it, she has had nothing but wonderful things to say about it. An inner spring mattress will eventually sag in the center (or where you lay the most), so your back is bent in an unnatural position. This mattress conforms to your body and gives the support needed. It has been money well spent!
Best buy for the money! Very comfortable!! We have previously bought mattresses for 3 times the money and they do not last. We are very pleased with this product. Follow the directions and air out for 48 hours, as it has an off-gas when it comes out of the package. The thickness also expands if let set for 48 hours without getting on it.
To my surprise, this mattress exceeds all my expectations. When I opened the package I expected an odor, but there was none, not even the faint smell others have mentioned. Within a few hours it expanded to the full 8 inches and I slept on it the first night. It is very comfortable, not to firm or to soft and it offers ample support for my back. The only thing that separates this mattress from those costing hundreds more is the mattress cover. You can't go wrong with this mattress.
My husband and I both have back problems and we completely love this mattress. After the first night of sleeping on it the next morning my husband got up and was able to bend over and touch his toes!
This mattress is a great value, very confortable, slept like a baby.
This mattress is very comfortable, easy to set up and only took a few hours to reach full length. I had no funny smells lingering as others stated. It selled for a few min. but not even a bad sell.
A memory foam mattress for less tan $200?

Hard to imagine it would actually be good, but after a week sleeping on it - it's incredibly comfortable. Had it shipped to the store and took it home, set up was a breeze. I've been using it just on the floor (without the platform) and I feel well rested every morning. Everyone who tries the bed totally agrees with me, it's a steal!
My husband & I read the reviews before purchasing this mattress and we were pleased. OMG, we were so excited to get our new mattress. We woke up late the next morning after sleeping on this mattress (lol). I have no more back or neck pains, such a relief. When you lay into this mattress you automatically fal asleep (well atleast I do, lol). We are very pleased with our purchase!!
This is the second matress that I have purchased, the first one was for my Motorhome and now I have purchased one for my house. I am completely satisfied with both purchases. There was only a hint of odor from the second one and that went away the third day. I would recommend this mattress highly. It is very comfortable and has the just right firmness that my wife and i both like.
When I first got this in, it was vacuum packed and looked only an inch thick and was thinking this would not be very comfortable. Once I cut open the plastic and removed it, it began expanding. I put it on top of my futon and it was fully expanded by then. I've had it for about 3 weeks now and it is so very comfortable and just as comfortable as spending nearly a grande on a decent mattress. Forms very well on your body whether you sleep on your side or on your back. It sure has made my back feel better. I definitely recommend to anyone who wants to spend only a few buck for some excellent comfort
Our old bed was terrible, it fell apart and my husband had a hole where his head went so it would sink in during the night. We spent a long time looking for a new bed, mostly because we didnt want to spend over $300. We actually had one in mind and were ready to go get it the next day when on a whim I checked WalMart. After talking this one over we picked this one. For the same price as the regular queen bed (no box spring) that we were going to get we got a king bed that gives us way more room, and it was delivered to our house. It isnt a thick bed, being only 8 inches, but when I lay on it I could be flying high above the clouds. We are both on the bigger side and we dont sink all the way through... I dont even think we sink in half way. There is only one downside and its that once you sink in it takes a small amount of effort to climb out of the dip that you are in. But the dip is made just for you, so if you are asleep you dont wake up sore just because you didnt roll over in the night.
Feels great. It does take about a day or two to fully inflate, but feels the same. Works great for me to have a soft but still firm mattress since I have back problems. The foam really contours to my body and gives me a great sleep at night. The mattress does tend to stay warm during the warmer weather, but it's not noticeable apart from a regular mattress. Also very affordable price, especially during tax free weekend, also got free shipping. Delivery was quick, only took about three to four days. I also ordered the matching foldout frame which was easy to install. All in all very happy with this purchase and my back feels great.
So I have received my mattress today after ordering it only 2 days ago. Very quick shipping. I took it out of the box and let it start to grow to actual size. It was about 4-5 inches when it first came out of the box, but it is now almost 7. The manual says give it 48 hours, so I'm sure by tomorrow it will be the full 8 inches.

So I laid on the mattress, mind you, this is the first time I have ever laid on a memory foam mattress, and I felt like I was floating on a cloud. I fell asleep within 10 minutes watching television. I was very surprised because I usually never take a nap in the middle of the day. I just woke up and thought I'd come write the review and let everyone that you will not regret this purchase at all! I was going to get the 12 inch one, but honestly it doesn't matter the thickness, because you will only sink down so much. If your on the fence, don't hesitate! :D
Our mattress was pretty worn out and we decided after trying one in a store that we wanted a memory foam. However, the prices were outrageous so when I found this the price was definitely the first thing to catch my eye. Especially for a king size, we have a great dane, a boston terrier, and a cat. Needless to say the size was a must. After reading some great reviews we went for it and I'm definitely glad we did! It sleeps like a $1000 mattress. I read some things about the smell, we didn't really have any problems. It did have a slight smell when first unwrapped but went away within a few hours and could on be smelled up close. Overall it's an AMAZING value and I would recommend it to anyone!
When I was looking for a mattress for my new apartment I was really apprehensive about purchasing this mattress because even though it had a lot of good reviews there were some really bad ones but I must say this is a superb mattress!! It is SO comfortable. It was so easy to move in and install and for only $189 it was a steal! I had a tempurpedic mattress previously and this is definitely comparable when it comes to quality and comfort, but way less of the cost! I definitely recommend it!
This is by far the best bed I've ever slept on. I've only ever used traditional spring mattresses. If you're looking for an affordable upgrade to your current mattress, this is it!
Really thick and comfortable. good for the price.
Great mattress and great price. We like memory foam type mattresses, so we are used to sleeping on them. This is a great size for our guest room. It plumped up to 8 inches well, and even with lots of use has held up great. I'll be ordering another one soon for the trundle bed.
Better than what I expected.
absolutly amazed at how comfy and great this bed is. Bought it as a tempary fix untill i could afford better. Might just use this one forever. It is really firm but after a few miutes you sink in. Cant go wrong for the price. Will prob by for my kids as well.
I got this mattress for my 5' 10" teenage son who is always complaining of back pain. He is in LOVE with this mattress! He says he doesn't even want to get out of bed in the morning! We are very pleased with this mattress and the price was right.
My wife and I purchased this King size with the intention of cutting it in half to make a pair of custom twin mattresses for our gently used camper. It cut easily with an electric knife and turned out fantastic. Saved money compared to purchasing a pair of twin memory foam mattresses also. We have enough left over foam to stuff a number of pillows and cushions too. Haven't slept all night on them yet, but just laying on them is comfortable indeed. Thanks Walmart. A wonderful product at a great price.
For the price I really didn't expect it to be such a comfortable mattress it is a joy to sleep again.
This mattress comes in an easily manageable box. It's easy to unwrap and set up. There is very little odor associated with the vaccum sealing and any that was present quickly disappeared after one day. Took about a day to become full sized. LOVE this mattress for the quality when you look at the price. REALLY great value for money. My 16 yr old son has this in his bedroom and he no longer complains of back aches so I am very happy with it.
We have enjoyed this new mattress. We bought it about 3 month ago. We've recommended to several friends. Seems to be very durable and will hold up. Our old standard mattress had dips and was in terrible shape regardless of our efforts to flip and rotate. This purchased has solved body aches and pains due to a poor mattress.
Great price for the mattress. I got two- one for each child. They love it. The only thing I did not like was the fact that I ordered two mattresses at the same time and they shipped at the same time but were delivered to Walmart two different days. Being a parent makes it a tough decision as to who gets the mattress first.
Very comfortable, no lumps. Comes with 20-year warrantee. Arrives rolled up in a sort of duffel bag that tears away.
i bought this mattress for my son and daughter-in-law who were having problems with their pillow top. we picked the mattress up, opened it to allow it to expand and to air out the new foam smell, but we found that their was little if any smell, so once it expanded, we put it on the bed and they report it is an excellent buy.
i was looking for a bed and i seen this one, and let me tell you i am VERY glad i bought this bed sleep like a rock now. love it.dave
My doctor suggested a foam mattress to help my back and hip problems. After years of searching for something affordable, I found this. Along with new frame, ergonomic pillows, and a heated mattress pad, I may have found the solution. My sleeping area is rather cool so I let this mattress expand for 4 days. Worked out well. Foam versus springs takes a little getting used to, but is well worth the effort. A good choice for me. Hope it lasts.
This is my 3rd one of these, they all have been great.
A great alternative to the thousand dollar memory foam mattress. :)
And the smell didn't bother me or my husband. We sleep SO MUCH BETTER now.

:)
We normally buy VERY expensive mattresses. We don't spend thousands and thousands of dollars on mattresses, but we don't skimp. I have slept on pillow tops, firm, plush, european pillow top, sleep number...you name it.

I did not have high hopes for this mattress. It's thin for us at 8" when you compare it to our other HUGE mattresses with pillow top's.

But it was for my 5 year old son who sleeps with me about 95% of the time. It couldn't hurt for the maybe 2-3 times a month he sleeps in his room and at a price FAR BELOW any other memory foam mattress, why not?

LOVE IT! We actually both slept on his little twin sized mattress last night because we were so excited about how confy it is.

Yes, it's supportive (firm). You're not sleeping on flimsy foam. Why anyone would want a squishy mattress, is beyond me.

My mother tried the mattress out also and now we are all getting the 12" Spa Sensations bed's for ourselves. I cannot wait.

Thank you for having such an amazing bed at such a great price.
Moving to a new place so got this mattress because of the great reviews and price.
Easy to order and easy to pickup from store. Got a Queen size 8" and the box was small enough to fit into the back seat of my Honda Civic Ex Coupe. The box said 62 pounds, but it seems lighter than that. It was light enough for me to throw over my shoulder and carry it up 2 stairs. The bed itself is very comfortable. No smell when I first open the box. Don't know how long it took to fully decompress, but I returned the next day and the bed was ready to be slept on. I have used it only for the last 2 weeks. I have it right on the floor. So far so good. Not sure about the heat problem, because it is winter and I keep my place around 65F. We will see during summer. Hope this last at least 3 years.
This my favorite mattress, and the best one I have ever used. I learned about it on the website of Walmart. The rating information helped us to choose it. We just put the mattress on the floor. I am over-weighted, but the mattress supports me well. Till now, we have not found any negative experience.
I bought the 8" and a 6" for my girls bedrooms. They absolutely love their mattresses. Great support and Im thinking of getting one for my room now too. Didnt notice any smell when opening and they were completely inflated within an hour.
My son loves his mattress, he sleeps like a baby!!!!!
This was my first memory foam mattress and it is by far the best mattress I've ever slept on. Previously I was sleeping on a spring mattress and after I got rid of it, I was sleeping on a futon with a 2 inch foam topper. I always had pain in my shoulders and hips. The first night I slept on the spa sensations, it felt like I was in heaven. The morning afterwards - I woke up with no pain in my shoulders and hips. I also like the fact that it doesn't smell too strong. My toddler loves sleeping on it too. I've had this mattress for close to two months now and the smell is (of course) completely gone. This mattress is AWESOME! :-)
Oh YES!!! Got it home, unpacked it, put new sheets on it, Best Sleep of my life!! Totally worth it. Yes there is a smell, but that will pass over time. Excellent Purchase!
Love the mattress. Comfortable
I wasn't expecting much, but hey, it impressed me and my roommate who helped me moving in and setting up everything. It is an 8' mattress, don't expect a thick massive foam mattress but since its 8' i use it by itself on top of a platform bed frame and works perfect for me. great price and so far (3 weeks) i haven't had any problems with it, bed still perfect and my body feels no pains, what can happens with changes in mattresses. i am loving it. all you want from a memory foam mattress!
taking it out of the box was quite exciting too... my roommate couldn't believe there was a queen mattress in there!!! haha
I bought this for my 13 yr old son and he loves it!
This matteress is so much better than I had expected. After back surgery, I have had so many issues with pressure points and things like waking up with numb arms. Or worse the inability to sleep more than 2 hours at a time due to pain. The very first night I slept on this matteress, I slept all night. I woke up with out pain or numbness. I would say this is very much worth it'sd cost ( if not worth more than it's cost.) I continue to have great nights of sleep and wake up able to move pain free or very close to it every morning.

Appearence wise, It's not the most attractive thing in the world, but hey, that's why we have prtetty sheet sets right? I'm glad I thought to start out with a new sheet set. Not as high of a thread count as I'm use to. But not to bad in quality.
I just received the mattress yesterday. It came in a box just like it said. It's just a bit heavy for a woman to move and unwrap. Everything was just fine and had no problems with anything. I didn't even notice a smell like I had read about but i'm sure if I had really put my nose to it just right I may have noticed a little bit. The mattress was thinner to start with but in an hour or two it looked as if it was the full 8 inches. I slept on it last night and I couldn't believe how much better I felt this morning. If I sleep that good every night I won't be able to say enough good about it. Walmart is a great store and I shop there a lot and if I get something that I don't like I don't worry about returning it for they have treated me fair in the past.
I had a King-sized pillowtop bed that was around 4 years old or so, it was wonderful at first, and about 6 months later, not so much. It wasn't horrible to sleep on, but it did have valleys in it where we slept, and that wasn't good... I saw the 4" version of this foam mattress and read the reviews, I was impressed, then I read the reviews on the 8", and I figured I'd go with the 8" King and keep my box springs. I'm glad I did because it works good! The way I figure it, I saved a LOT of money by not buying a 'real' bed and getting this foam mattress, I'd do it again too. (I've had it for two weeks so far) I LOVE this thing, but I will say, it's not that much different then a pillowtop, which is a good thing, I loved that pillowtop when it was new, it was the best bed I've ever slept on. You can't really go wrong with this foam mattress, I'd venture to say that this is a better deal over the 4" due to I'd be afraid the 4" would not be thick enough, so with just a little more you can add 4" more and get the 8".
(I had considered maybe buying the 8" AND the 4", I had read a review of a guy that mentions he was going to, but in all honesty, I am more than sure that is overkill, the 8" is plenty)
I am 58 years old and I weigh 190 lbs, so if you weigh more, your mileage may vary...

Don't be afraid of these things, they are well worth their price and comfort.
No more aches and pains, and I did have them before...
Shipping was super fast! The bed was mostly inflated in 15 minutes and completely within 2 hours. The first night it was a little hard to get used to because it is so firm. After that we have slept wonderful on it. I have back, neck and shoulder problems but since we have had this bed, I'm not so sore in the mornings. I'm not rolling over all night because my shoulders are sore, so I'm getting a lot more restful sleep. We were a little worried about getting an 8 inch instead of 10 inch but it seems to be just fine. Haven't noticed it causing night sweats like I was also worried about. We would definitely recommend this bed to everyone we know!!
This bed has been my best purchase in a very long time!! For someone who frequently has pain in my back and the tendency to wake many times in the night, this bed has done wonders! Only thing I would have done differently would have been to spend the extra cash and got a 12 inch rather than the 8.
It is a joy to sleep on and it makes me feel better rested than ever before.
Looks nice and is really comfortable.
It was so nice to be able to shop at home and not run up and down the highway looking for a memory foam mattress,it was what we expected it to be and could not ask for a better value. It was easy to go pick up and bring home. It also came into the store site much earlier than promised an we were very happy about that. So next time I need something like this item I wll check with Walmart site to store first...
I've had the mattress for a couple of weeks and it exceeds my expectations.
I couldn't fit a boxspring through the stairway and this mattress arrived small enough to fit. It took a day or so to expand but it is comfortable and I have a good nights sleep.
LOVE IT
I bought this for my daughter, a new homeowner, to go along with the box bed I also purchased. Both the mattress and box bed were perfect choices for a young person starting out. She picked them out and she is very happy with her choice. She states the memory foam mattress is very comfortable. Placed on a box bed eliminated the cost of a box spring mattress.
this mattress is great. useing it on an adjustable bed. site to store shipping was fast.
This mattress was a great buy. I was leery of purchasing the 8 inch because others said that it looked odd on the frame. I do not know what other mattresses they may have in the room... The mattress height is exactly that of the regular innerspring on the bed right next to it. The box arrived much quicker than expected. I carried upstairs myself, opened the box and hoisted the bag up on the built-in bunk. It opened and unrolled easily. We waited the 48 hours as instructed. Then I covered the mattress with a quilted waterproof cover. There was no smell. For this price we will replace the other 6 mattresses in the house!
My site-to-store shipment came in two weeks ago. I'm very pleased with the mattress. It had a slight smell for a couple of nights, but is not noticeable anymore.

I recommended the full size to my sister for my niece's first bed. The full size is 15-inches wider than a twin and 5-inches narrower than a queen size. The price jump for the queen wasn't worth it to me and the twin's only $20 less. Definitely worth the price.
Mattress expanded to full size. It is very comfortable. I have had my back fused and this mattress is so comfortable, I sleep better than ever.
The first night was a little rough with my fiance' wanting to sleep in the middle but I believe it was because it hadn't been sitting out of the plastic for long enough. Since the second night it has been a great mattress, We LOVE it. As others have said it does smell a little when you first take it out (kind of chemical like) but we just sprayed it down with fabreeze and put a fan on it, after about an hour the smell was gone.
I've had this for about 2 weeks and I LOVE IT! Can't beat the price anywhere at all.....I got 8" as 10" was more than I could afford!!

I highly recommend this bed!
Absolutely the best thing I have bought in a long while I ordered one to use as a mattress in a fold out couch.. I ordered the wrong size for the couch so I asked my mother if she wanted to try it out. She loved it . and I really liked the way it felt too, so I ordered another one for my queen size bed ...have had it for six months and can't wait to hit the hay every night sleep like a baby and the price was perfect ,I got the 8 in , didn't know they had a 12 in I am thinking of getting a 12 in queen and using the 8 for the original couch mattress GREAT DEAL
Very firm but comfortable mattress. It was easy to unroll and plumped up to 8 inches as expected.
Liked it so much I bought a second one for our guest room. If you like a temperapedic or memory foam style mattress this is a steal. I've had my first one for almost eight years now, my husband & I sleep on it every night and it's held it shape and firmness perfectly. I would definitely recommend this product.
I'm the type of person that does a lot of research before I buy anything online and this bed was no difference! I got it and laid it out of a bed to rise up in the morning and that night we slept on it. The next morning for the first time in over two years I woke up not in pain! The bed was so comfortable and didn't smell at all. I shopped around for the best price and it was definitely at Walmart. Great bed overall and I would recommend it to everyone!
This is the third Spa Sensations mattress I have purchased as I furnish our lake house. You cannot beat them for the price. I think they rival the comfort of my very expensive Tempurpedic!
I bought this for my son's apartment, he just left to go to college. We stayed w/him a couple of days and since it's a twin size we took turn sleeping on it. We meaning my husband, daughter, & my self. My Son is the only one sleeping on now and he loves it. he says it's like sleeping on a cloud. We all had the same experience, fell asleep fast and woke up rested. I can't wait to get buy a Queen size for ourselves.. i just have to wait for a good sale(two kids in college, $$ it tight) but i promise i will buy me a queen size mattress for sure!
TO MY SURPRISE BEST COMFORT.GREAT ON MY BACK,WAY THE FOAM GOES BACK TO IT'S FORM.IT'S AMAZING,FIRST TIME TRYING MEMORY FOAM.
My review is short, and simply the best. The Bed arrived in a very timely mannor, in great condition. Opens and expands as stated. We purchased the 8" version from this Manufacturer and are delighted! My Wife sleeps sounder than ever. I've had the most comfortable nights sleep in years! You'll never regret this purchase. We added the matching Pillows providing Wonderful support and comfort; (for those with back and neck issues, you'll definetly feel a difference). Enjoy It!
I bought 3 of these for my 3 kids as their old mattresses were just that OLD OLD OLD I got these foam based mattresses in hopes my kids would get better deeper rest and be more ready for school each day well in the last 2 weeks these mattresses have proven themselves to be exactly what my kids needed to get a sound nights sleep and get up and be ready for a day at school
This is my second memory foam mattress. Have one for almost two years on my adjustable bed at home and just purchased this one for my adjustable bed at my vacation home, I missed it THAT much! Some reviews mentioned an odor, I am highly allergic to many odors but did not detect any with this mattress. It is soo comfortable and great for relieving all those little aches and pains. Price is right too, an excellent buy for the small cost. I highly recommend it to everyone.
I have a more expensive brand in my bedroom and bought this for my spare room for less than half the price. To say the least, I have been sleeping in my spare room. I love this mattress. Why are the other mattresses so much more expensive? Not quality because I have both and this one is better.
From the reviews I have read, I was concerned about the smell. There was no smell. It just perfect. My son loves it. I had spent a fortune on my mattress. I wish I had purchase this instead.
I bought this for my daughter after she was diagnosed with a long list of allergies. I've been told that the dust mites cannot live in foam, but being the sceptic that I am, I put on an allergen cover anyway. This matress is not pillowy, so if that's what you are looking for you might want a topper.. but it is nice and firm, it DOES conform to your body and I'm glad we purchased it. As soon as my son is potty trained, I will get one for him as well. A regular fitted sheet fits the 8" perfectly, and the fleecy cover that comes on the matress keeps it from budging. You do not need a box spring with this if you are using a platform bed, or the Smart Base that it is intended for. If you wanted to put it into a bunk bed, you could cut a sheet of plywood to fit, and drop it into the frame to give this matress the support it needs. Overall, I'm quite pleased with this purchase.
Great value and very comfortable. No more back pain. So nice to get a great, king size mattress for less than $300 and have it be so comfortable.
I love it. Mattress is very comfortable. Great product for the price.
When you buy an inexpensive mattress you don't expect much - at least I didn't. I was very pleasantly surprised. This is a very comfortable mattress at an extremely good price. I bought it for my daughter, and she says the memory foam sleeps wonderfully.
We recently purchased this Mattress and WOW! We don't toss and turn at night, I'm not up off and on all night. I don't even know when by fiancee gets out of bed. Before our bodies would ache in the morning, heck most of the time and now we wake up feeling more refreshed! It was a great value and by far exceeded our expectations. We would recomend this product to anyone looking for a great value and a good nights sleep!
Quick delivery, worth the ten bucks! Did not smell as much as previous memory foam mattress. Did fit sheets very well. Daughter loves it. Says it is so comfy that she could just sleep all the time on it...

Overall we are both pleased with it. When it arrived, I left it opened up in the living room, with the ceiling fan on during the day, and set it up that night. Maybe that is why we did not notice any odor.
DB.
When looking for a new mattress i was looking for only a few things. Price, size and how soon i could get it. I wasn't trying to spend too much being on a budget. This was price right and been the best night sleep since i brought the bed home.
So glad we talked about this bed its the best thing we have ever bought in a bed!!!
We are very pleased with this mattress purchase.

We bought two of these for our kids' bunk beds.
They work well with the slats of the bed.

The mattress is comfortable for mom or dad to sleep on too.
My family has commented on how soft the mattress is.
This is a great product and value for your money . I have been using it for couple of weeks now and really gud .
For the cost of the mattress i didn't really expect it to be that good but i'm glad i was wrong. I recieved the mattress three days early so i had it back at my house and set up by 10;00 A.M. I layed on it about noon and took a 40 min. nap. My back felt better when i got up so i was excited about sleeping on it that night. When i layed down for the night i don't think i was awake longer than 10 min. i woke up and it felt like i had been asleep for 12 hours but it had only been 3. the next morning my back felt great, i have terrible lower back pain and it's constant but i can hardly feel it now. The smell from the mattress wasn't that bad and it's gone after a day. I looked at 5 different web sites to find the best deal and i'm glad i went with wal-mart.
We have the 8" Spa sensations mattress and find it quite comfortable. Now that I have it, I would probably opt for the 10" or 12" but the mattress we have is just fine.
Daughter, 13, loves it. Hoping it will get her through college. Time will tell. Excellent value for the money!
after years of sleeping on a mattress with broken springs, this is almost heaven! I had to get used to the fact that there was no 'bounce' like a spring gives. otherwise, sound sleep!! in fact, I'm considering getting a twin size mattress for my son. I used the online ordering with 'site to store' pick up. I was quoted 14 day MINIMUM delivery time. it arrived in 5 or 6 days!
We bought this bed in the full size for our daughter's room when she comes home to visit. She's a tiny little thing and we figured it was an inexpensive way to upgrade her mattress. She loves it. My husband and I have both tried it out--when I had a cold so I wouldn't "share" my germs, he has tried it out recovering from a back problem just to see if there was an improvement since our mattress was getting older. We are big people too and we love it so much we are planning on buying a king size for our room.
I had some reservations about ordering a mattress on line especially after I read a few reviews and some said it could be returned and others no. So I emailed Walmart customer service and they said yes it could be returned. So we went ahead and ordered it and it is AWESOME. I have a $1700 Sterns and Foster mattress and this is every bit as comfortable as it. I cannot believe how nice this mattress it!!!! Also, some of the reviews mentioned a strong new smell. It was practically gone in an hour but I did open the windows and this is summer. Heat tends to disapate smell faster so maybe that was a contributing factor. I am very sensitive to odors and can't be around new carpet or furniture for days and I detected no odor after 2-3 hours. It did take a day to reach full height but was within an inch in a couple hours. I am planning on purchasing two more of these, one for the extra bunk in my sons room and as a replacement mattress for the bed in the guest room because I am so impressed with the quality and firmness of this mattress. I did not experience the sinking sensation of most memory foam mattresses however I did purchase a waterproof cover which is cloth not plastic, also on walmart.com for $14 for this mattress and it is quilted so maybe that made the difference??? I do not care for the sinking sensation and was quite please with the firm support.
Very comfortable, a lot easier to deal with than a spring mattress. Comes rolled up in a box, w/i 24 hours mattress is full size.
I can sleep so well now!
So worthy the money I spent. I will probably buy me another one :)
We opened the box today. We noticed no bad odor. Our 12 year old son was very happy with the mattress. We are happy as well.
GREAT VALUE AT $250 FOR 8"KING SIZE. I ALREADY HAD A SERTA 2" MEMORY FOAM TOPPER FOR MY OLD SPRING MATTRESS AND JUST ADDED TO MY NEW FOAM MATTRESS, AND IT IS AWESOME!!
I bought the Spa Sensations 8" Memory Foam Mattress for my son & daughter and they LOVE it! They said it was the most comfortable mattress that they have ever slept on. I am very pleased that they enjoy their new beds so much! Worth every penny!
I was not sure this mattress would be comfortable but gave it a shot. It is wonderful!
I will give 5 stars on this product. I wish you would make it thicker like 12" to 13" thick it would be perfect for me. I hope you can let the mattress company make them thicker.
This mattress is quite firm and surprisingly comfortable. A queen size fits on top of my fold out bed perfectly but a bit wider than my RV queen bed platform but since its squeezeable it fit in between the fixed end units fine.
Well worth the value and no smell as some experienced. Fully "inflates" within a few hours at normal room temperature. Sure beats spending thousands on a tempurpedic.
I think this mattress is amazing! It didn't have any weird smells or anything like the other ones say. I have had it for two weeks now and my back never hurts. I am so glad i bought it!
I bought this mattress for my 2 year old in a full size. i was looking for something not too plush and a little firm as suggested for toddlers. It was unbelievable to get a memory foam mattress for full size at this rate. I have owned it for over a month now and it works great. she sleeps really well on it and i have placed it on the floor, so the height of 8" (which i was skeptical about initially thinking its too less" )actually works great. Even i nap with her sometimes on it and it bears our weight just fine. It is a great buy.
what can i say... buy it... for the money its great. a 8" memory foam mattress for under $300.
Got this o replace my husband regula hospital bed matress. Works great even with the movement of the head and foot of the bed. Little wider tha the hospital bed frame so I moved the bed away from the wall do the excess hangs over on the wall side so getting in and out is easier. Placed a small piecee of dood next to the wheels on the bed so it would not get pushed over He is quite happy
I found this mattress on Walmart and looked at the great reviews for it, I am not disappointed. A little firm but it just lets your body sink in and envelop you. I would recommend this mattress to others and am shocked at the . I will see how long it will last over the years and if the longevity is as good as the price.
It's perfect. Love the firmness and softness of this mattress. Wake up rested in the morning, no more backaches.
I ordered several of these. They feel great and blow up quick. I did not notice an odor as some of the other posters noted.
I had to move for into a smaller bedroom for a while, so I needed a twin bed, but couldn't afford to buy a bed, thought I'd be sleeping on the floor or the couch. I have a king tempurpedic and a queen select comfort, so I am a bit spoiled.
I searched everywhere and found this one online. I was sceptical, but the reviews were so good, I thought I'd try it. I thought a memory foam bed that was 8" should be OK.
I am happy I got this bed. It's a little too firm for me, but it's OK. I'm hoping it will soften up some. I may put a foam topper on it. Most people like a firmer bed, so it will be good for you if you do.
It was delivered in 3 days and it "opened" up in 24 hours to it's full size.
I bought this bed to replace the POJ mattress in my daughter's dorm room. She said it has been a 100% improvement and her back is not aching all the time now. She sheepishly admits to sleeping in too late on occasion! ;-)
I bought this mattress for my picky 10yr old whom says all mattress are not comfortable, and she always woke up with back pains and such. We went through a lot of mattress. Guess what she loves this mattress, I am going to get one for my king size bed also, its that comfortable. Great product!
Needed new matressess for our teenage boys and these worked out perfect for our budget. They are better than we expected for the price.
A great mattress for my grand son 4 years ols, we already have purchased another Spa Sensation for my grand daughter 6 years. We feel that their bodies will obtain the necessary support from sleeping in a Memory Foam Mattress. Both are very happy with the mattress. A lot of comfort, excellent quality of material, up to know very safisfactory purchase.

We will gladly recomend the purchase to anyone.
Bought this for our camper...wow!! We love it and are now getting one for the house. Who would have known you could get a really comfortable memory foam mattress for this ridiculously cheap price. Thanks Wal-Mart.
Very comfortable, no smell some have reported. Sets up easily, just follow directions. Would definately purchase another.
I DIDN'T EXPECT MUCH OF THE PRODUCT BECAUSE YOU KNOW WHAT THEY SAY " YOU GET WHAT YOU PAID FOR". WELL NOT THIS TIME. THIS MATTRESS IS JUST LIKE THE REAL TEMPURPEDIC I SLEPT IN FOR ALMOST 4 YRS! I GOT THE 8" ONE, AND WISHED i HAD BOUGHT THE 12" ONE BECAUSE IT WOULD BE HIGHER. I BOUGHT A PLATFORM BED TO GO WITH IT FROM WALMART AS WELL, FOR BOTH MATTRESS AND BED I SPENT $400 INCLUDED TAX AND EVERYTHING. THIS IS A GREAT ALTERNATIVE TO OWNING A "TEMPURPEDIC". I LET IT SIT FOR 3 FULL DAYS BEFORE I USED IT, READING THE REVIEWS ON HERE, I THOUGHT THAT WAS THE BEST THING TO DO, AND LET ME TELL YOU, THIS BED IS JUST AWESOME!!!! I HAVE RECOMMENDED IT TO MY COWORKERS AND FRIENDS ALREADY AND WOULD DEFINITELY BUY ANOTHER ONE AND WON'T HESITATE IN DOING SO!
super fast delivery, compressed - easy to manipulate even for one person, very comfortable - lighter weight person. Met and superseded expectations. Definitely recommend.
I think it is a great mattress. I tried it at my son's and wanted one for myself.
Easy to install as long as you let it breathe for 24 hours. Bought for bunk beds and they fit great. Very comfortable.
but 8'' and + only
I got one 3 years ago and since its so good I decided to buy one for my baby who just left her crib onto a full size bed. You wont find a cheaper mattress that meets all expectations like this one. trust me, its comfortable, durable, and a good price. I had it shipped from site to store and it was in less time that walmart had informed me.. i love it and my baby now sleeps all thru the night!
This memory foam mattress was for my daughter who is in college. She loves it and we ordered online and had it shipped to the Walmart store in her town for free where we picked it up. Free shipping and good price and helpful people!
I purchased this bed on a whim because it was on sale and it was King size. We LOVE it! Very comfortable!
This is an excellent memory foam mattress. Just open the box take it out of the plastic and go. It is super comfortable. Highly recommended
We got the mattress for our daughters new bed. She loves sleeping on her bed!
This is by far the most comfortable matress i have ever purchased. For the first time in a decade, i can comfortably sleep on my back!
I got the queen size 8", put it on the Spa Sensations Steel Smart Base Bed Frame, oh its terrific. A little low but who cares, when you lay on it you are in love. I had my dad help, and my mom was in the room. I warned them other reviews said it may smell and need aired out. As soon as it was opened it inflated to over 6" and my mom is a sensitive smell, she said she didn't smell anything, I laid on it and closed my eyes, my mom got beside me on the other side, I didn't notice till I opened my eyes, no movement she made disturbed me. Its fantastic 100%. I just got free standard delivery, both delivered within 4 days....... Spa Sensational
We bought this mattress when we moved to avoid sleeping on the floor after our air mattress failed us. It was cheap and perfect! We absolutely love this mattress. It is very comfortable, soft but still firm and we sleep much better now! I can absolutely recommend this mattress. It is just as good today as it was the day we bought it! We looked at other mattresses before we found this one, but most of them cost twice as much and the quality was worse! So I am extremely happy we found a memory foam mattress at WalMart!! :) A really great buy!! Enjoy!
Well I am much happier with this product than I am maneuvering this survey on mobile! It is impossible to find a California king mattress to fit a waterbed frame that is more affordable than this! Even the air mattresses cost more! We will see if my love affair with this mattress continues over time, as that depends on how well IT holds up over time! It is much firmer than I expected and that is good for my bad back! I have used air mattresses b4 this and they never last and always develop leaks! I at the very least will no longer have that worry! I only wish I had found this product b4 I wasted all that money on air mattresses that never fit well tp begin with! So far a perfect product! Hope I don't fail to agree with this over time! Ask me again in a year Wallmart if you want a true review of quality. I hope you have the faith in your product to do so!
I started out with the 4" mattress top memory foam. Worked great for a few years, I wanted the full experience and went with the 8" foam. What a bargain for a queen size and it's better than the expensive foam you'd see in show rooms. I love how it's packaged in an air tight bag for 2 reasons. 1. You know it's not in a truck with other mattresses that may have bed bugs from when they take out your old beds and give your new. 2. It's not one big bulky mattress. you unroll it onto your bed, puncture the plastic, and the foam slowly rises to the 8". It's not saggy once it's reshaped from packaging. It supports your body weight perfectly without sagging or feeling the box spring. I bought 2 more of these for my kids' beds! 5 stars from all of us!!
I bought this for my 9-year-old daughter who has been complaining about her mattress for a year. She said she hasn't slept so well in a long time. She loves it! It's super comfortable. My husband and I are purchasing the larger size for ourselves. When I replace my other children's mattresses, it will be with this. Arrived early, as described, and in excellent condition. Simple to set up.
I am very pleased with this mattress. At first I thought it was a little firm, but then realized I had it upside down! Once I flipped it over, it is extremely comfortable. Very satisfied.
This Mattress lived up to all my expectations. I highly recommend it. My back and neck have never felt better. True,there was an odor when you first open the packaging but within two days it was gone. Nice mattress for the price.
Hey, wow. The price was good and the mattress is a great deal. We bought it to replace the cheap inner spring mattress that came in our small camper. Its the best $176 I ever spent. I like the firmness level of the top layer and my wife likes it a little softer so we put the previous 3in memory foam on top of it. I would recommend this for a home bed, kids bed, or for a really good treat for guests as a guest bed mattress. If you want more quality and mattress then definitely go for a bigger height then 8 inches, but if you do pick this one, you will be happy enough with it and the price. Originally planned to buy an almost double the cost one at costco and glad I got this one instead for the camper. I don't give an excellent review easily but this one surprised me with a good deal.
I got this mattress for my son and he loves it. I must admit I didn't think it was going to be that great. I spent a lot more on my mattress and feels pretty close to the same. Excellent price.
I am a heavy set lady and I had been reading the reviews on this product for awhile. I was looking for comfort but not to expensive. And I was quite impressed with the item when it arrived. I received it within days and it did not have an odor as people had said. The first night I slept on it I slept like a baby and have ever since I had some back pain and leg pain prior to me buying this item. But now I do not hurt when i get up and sleep more restful than before. Some people say its to soft others say its to hard. For me it seems to be just right if it wasn't I would still be feeling achy when i get up. Am looking forward to see how it does in a couple of months and then in a year. Good mattress for the price.
We bought this bed because we got tired of purchasing new matress and box spring sets all the time. We've had it over 6 months now and it is still as nice as the first day we got it. Very soft and comfortable but just firm enough! Great buy, deffinately recommend to heavier couples.
We just bought this in Queen size, to replace our old mattress & boxspring. Oh my goodness, I don't know why we didn't do this sooner. It comes in a really small box (considering it's a queen size mattress), you open it up and you can litterally hear it inflating full of air. It DOES have a smell to it, I let mine air out for 24 hours in the living room before moving it to the bedroom and putting sheets on it. It is a dream to sleep on, I have back problems, and this makes me wake up feeling wonderful. I would definately recommend this.
After months of searching for a new mattress, I decided to order this one. I am very impressed! I've had it for one month now and I've been sleeping very well. When I first got it, it came in a folded up in a box. I unwrapped it and set it up alone. It wasn't too difficult to manage. I gave it 24 hours to decompress and it rose to its full height in less time. It fits a little snug in my bedframe but its not really an issue. I'm someone who has low back and neck issues and I've been feeling great since sleeping on this mattress. I do a lot of hiking and after a long day with a heavy pack, I know I'll feel better in the morning because of this awesome mattress. I was a little worried and skeptical at first but I'm so very happy I got it. I don't think you can find such a good mattress for such a good value anywhere else. AND they even shipped it to Alaska FOR FREE and it was delivered three days after ordering! AMAZING!
As soon as I lay down on this mattress, I was fast asleep. I love it.
I bought for 229 but its 179 now.
Its too good a price.

I have used it for 3-4 months now and I sleep very well. Memory Foam is the best.
About the quality & life...can't say much now. Warranty is only for 5 years...I hope to have no trouble till that time.
funny how it comes in such a small box & funnier once you cut the plastic off to let it inflate! It took no time at all & barely 24 hrs for the faint smell (whatever it is - probably bad for you tho) to dissipate.
I thought 8" was not going to be enough - wrong! it is plenty. I did get a new frame for it too & tho it says it's for foam beds I am still going to get some plywood to put between the frame & bed b/c the frame is slotted. I understand that will wreck a foam mattress no matter how closely the wires are to each other.
Even my dog who likes to sleep on the rug next to bed is now sleeping on bed with me & the cats! lol
Even if it lasts only 2 or 3 years (i suspect longer) it's a darn great investment & best night's sleep i've had in quite some time. Very comfortable & I don't get hot on it (though toasty if i sleep with a blanket). Perfect In my humble opinion. Price is excellent too. Oh it's a queen size. & it did inflate to full 8 inches too. :)
is the first time i had a good night sleep in a while and now i have to make myself get out of it
Very comfortable. Great price. Unrolled and was ready to use very quickly. The instructions said to wait 48 hrs so we did, but it seemed ready to go after just an hour or so. It did not stink bad at all, like other reviews commented on. The sheets that we had shipped stunk worse.
I will be buying another one of these for my son! This is a very comfortable mattress. There was a slight smell when we opened it on the first day, but we were easily able to sleep on it that night. Smell was gone after a few hours. I would highly recommend this to anyone looking for a reasonable alternative to a regular inner spring bed.
Totally worth it!
Besides the good price, the product is also in good quality. First, it is really a memory foam mattress. Second, I was worried about its smell when I read some reviews. But the smell is really hard to notice after 48 hours. Third, it ships really fast (just a week).
Good value. Way more comfortable then springs.
Got the bed for both kids and they love it! Great price and comfortable as well.
The mattress arrived a few days earlier than I expected, and was easy to set up. It feels great to sleep on. I'm really happy with it.
Purchased this Queen size mattress for my son who said he needed a soft bed. I was not sure if this would work but he loves it. After I saw the mattress and the cost I paid, I feel this is a great mattress for one person, or college student. My son loves the bed and has had it for about a month and still says it is great.
I have slot of health problems.one being suggestive disk disease the 8" is the best. We had a 4" Costco had a back ache and pain. I would highly recommend.
I bought this in a 6in and 8in and love them both. The price is great and they are very comfortable. I bought this for a 3yr old and 10 yr old. Compared to my high priced memory foam these are amazing and would recommend to anyone looking for a great mattress at an amazing price. Could not be happier.
When you open the box and roll it out give at least a few hours for it to expand completely preferably overnight to get it to its complete fullness
Best mattres for the money, good firm, better than most top brands total recomendation
My husband and I got the king size, and we LOVE it! The smell was quite a bit overpowering at first. The smell is still lingering a little. (It's only been about a week since we got it.) We let it air out a little bit before putting sheets on it to sleep on it, but we slept on it the first night we took it out of the box. Our old mattress was giving us both back pain. This foam one is so much more comfortable. My husband's back pain in the morning is completely gone, but mine is still there. It's not as bad as it was on our old mattress, and I'm not as stiff in the morning. Neither one of us toss and turn as much as we used to either! All in all I would say this is a great buy, and you can't beat that price for a king!
I have a slide out bed for my 3 yrs old son and the Mattress fits perfectly! My son loves the bed and he finally can sleeps through the night. The best part is he and his sister won't be jumping on the bed anymore.
I bought this mattress to use in our RV trailer to replace an old coil-spring mattress. It fit our needs perfectly in terms of size (King Size) and in price. I had priced having a foam mattress custom cut to fit the exact dimensions of our RV bedroom and the cost would have been in excess of $1,000. I also looked at other king sized memory foam mattresses and the costs were also around $1,000. So getting a king size memory foam mattress for under $300 was great!

Also, the mattress was delivered very quickly, like less than 10 days. I placed the unopened mattress in the RV bedroom, opened the package and let the mattress expand for a day. As the instructions stated, the mattress off-gassed but that completely dissapated in a couple of days.

All in all this was the perfect mattress at an exceptional price. And after taking the RV out for a couple of trips and sleeping on the mattress, I plan to buy a Full Size memory foam mattress for our teenage son.
I really like this mattress. It's very comfy, I don't wake up sore, and I don't want to get out of bed in the morning. I didn't think I would like this mattress as much as I do, I had heard that memory foam was hard and hot, but I don't get any of that, it's perfect! I only bought this because I didn't have a lot of money to spend and I needed something to sleep on, and I am so glad I chose this.
lets be realistic you need to get a new bed at least every 5 yrs. i had a serta top of the line said "guaranteed for 10 years" ahh haha no. after 4 years i needed a new bed. this foam mat. is great, grade a. the price is incredible if i had to buy this bed every 2 years, it STILL would be better then me paying 1200 for a bed that will last 5 years and towards the last yr its pretty rough. my night sleep was better then my serta pillow top. i completely recommend this bed to everyone. WHY SPEND MORE WHEN YOU DONT HAVE TO? be a smart shopper. only spend what you "HAVE" to.
Other than the mattress being longer than advertised, I have nothing but great praise for it. I haven't slept this good in years and am very happy I made this purchase.
You can sit on the edge without sinking. The bed is very firm which I like, No need for box spring or anything. I use the 10" platform and it looks and feels good. If you want a soft, pillow like bed this is NOT for you
I had shopped around for 8" memory foam mattress. Walmart had the best price and same mattress for a lot less money. It was easy I ordered my mattress on line and had it shipped to site to store without any shipping costs.
I received my email & text message when it arrived at the store. The Walmart associates were very efficient & I was out the door in a few minutes with my purchase. The mattress I love. A great product for the money.
this product came quckly,
It was easy and quick in coming to full size..in like a couple hours..
it does have a cover on it.
It does hold heat..but I don't mind it even in the summer time.
It is soo comfortable and I am so happy with this purchase yes I would recommend ..qute a deal.
Love it! It is better than I thought it would be. I am sleeping better than I have in years. No more tossing and turning. I have a very bad back so it is hard for me to get a good night sleep.

Thank you Walmart!
First thing everyone needs to know is that, like in the reviews, there will be a plastic like smell to it and it does last. To elimate it, I just place some fabric sheets under my sheet and sprayed with Lysol.

Now the bed sets up easily and it is a heavy box (mine was full sized). It took a good part of the day for the bed to expand to normal size.

It is VERY comfortable and I also bought the bed frame that went with it.

I highly recommend this if you want a great comfortable bed! I probably went through 10 airmattresses and wished I found this irst! I would have saved a lot on money.

NOTE: I have my mattress sitting on top of my old full sized box spring, which is on top of the spa bed frame. It puts me pretty high, but It is easier for me that way.

NOTE 2: I did tried the mattress on top of the plain Spa frame, but it was still too low for me and the springs and bar on the frame started to make some dep indentations.
This mattress very comfortable>>I bought this mattress for my Big Truck Bunk>> This mattress had high ratings from other trucking friends of mine that bought same mattress for there Truck>>
I ordered this product online and it took 2 weeks for it to arrive to the store. The full-sized mattress came in a box, making it quite easy to transport. The box will fit into the back seat of your car being that it is more long than wide. (I was able to drag it to my doorstep by myself.) When I opened it, there wasn't a smell that some people were stating. The mattress was semi-firm and felt like it was well made. I've been sleeping on it for 2 weeks now and it far exceeds the traditional mattress you find out there in terms of quality and price.
Let it expand before you sleep on it to make sure it expands all the way and it has very little order but there was some, not much when we took out of plastic. My husband has back problems and had surgery and couldn't sleep well on the other 5 mattresses we had throughout our house and he loves this plus we got the King, more room and still less than you would pay for smaller mattress set or other similiar product. We really are glad we tried this, we actually didn't have any choice because of finances but it was a great investment for a restfull nights sleep for him. I sleep well too and I like soft beds, I just use more pillows but it conforms to body to make it so you never want to move or leave the bed once you get tucked in.
We ordered this mattress to replace my 10-year-old spring coil pillow top mattress and have been very pleased with our purchase. The memory foam mattress is firm and supportive (and made a bit more comfortable with a 2.5" inch memory foam topper) and is just what I needed since I'm 31 weeks pregnant. I've noticed that I toss and turn less with this mattress and believe I've gotten better sleep. My husband loves it too! The mattress arrived very quickly via Site to Store, three days before the projected arrival date supplied when I placed by order. We let the mattress expand for 48 hours with the window open and even my extra-sensitive pregnant nose hasn't been bothered by any lingering odor. Overall, this mattress is a great value for the money. Thanks, Wal-Mart, for making a quality product available at such a reasonable price.
I LOVE THIS MATTRESS... It so comfortable.
This mattress is a dream. It cost so little in contrast to other more costly mattresses.

I didn't experience any of the problems that other review posters did. It arrived quickly, I unwrapped it and followed the enclosed directions. The foam fully expanded within an hour or two. I didn't smell any weird smell like a couple people did.

I thought that it might not be thick enough to use with my Ikea bed that had no boxspring, but I was pleasantly surprised to find that this was not the case at all. I sleep like a dream on this mattress and it is SOOOOO comfortable.
Good deal
I have not had it for a really long time but it is way better then my old Spring bed. I sleep a lot deeper then I ever have.
This bed was for my 11 year old son and he absolutely loves it... Nice solid mattress and awesome price! Plus shipped free straight to our house. Completely satisfied and I suggest it to all my friends.
I got this product as a gift for my parents. I really wasn't sure what to expect but they were absolutely thrilled with it and so was I. I bought one from Walmart years ago and I still absolutely love it but I don't know what brand it is and there are so many now. I wasn't sure if it would have the same quality and durability but it seems to be exactly what I wanted. I would recommend it to anyone with body aches and pains. It is so comfortable. Once you try it you'll never go back to a spring or coil mattress.
Excellent for the price
This bed was for my seven year old daughter who suffers a lot of back issues. The bed has been great in helping us to alleviate most of her pains. I have also tried it and loved it as well. My husband and I are planning on getting one for ourselves and the rest of our kids. I plan on buying a thicker one for us though.
So far it has been perfect. I had an airbed before buying this. I cant stop bragging about his bed with my friends. I have been getting better and longer sleep, hence waking up fresh and relaxed. The bed seems stiff but is soft enough when you lie on it. if you sit on edges it goes flat to about a inch, but its normal I guess reading other reviews.
I keep traveling from a city to another about every year as I am an IT consultant, so had been using airbeds. Tired of tossing and turning over all night and filling air, finding leaks and fixing punctures. Decided to spend $200 and order the full size. No complains. I let it gain size for a day. great bed for the price.
Oh, the smell!!! Open the windows and it will be gone in hours. It is not toxic, just irritating.
I had doubts that a mattress that others charge thousands for would be any good at this low price. I was shocked how nice this mattress is. It is awesome
Comparable to the temperpedic brand.
best mattress for the value,husband has had back pain for years but since buying this mattress he now sleeps soundly and wakes with no aches/pains
Bought the mattress for a weekend home and we love it. Thinking out of purchasing the thickest mattress for our home. FREE FROM BACK AND HIP PAIN! Love this may mattress!!!
We love this mattress so much we bought a second one for the house. The first one went into our RV. We had to cut 6 inchs off the foot of thst one to make it fit but boy is it commfy!
I purchased this queen sized mattress for my shore home. I didn't want the hassel of lugging a big mattress on a roof rack and I'm not there all the time for deliveries. This was definitely the way to go! The price is unbelievable for this mattress . The box fit right in the cargo area of the SUV. As promised, when the product is unwrapped and laid out, the following day it is expanded to 8 inches. The pkg came well protected and the mattress was also wrapped all nice and clean. The zipped cover even feels good, nice quality. The best feature is the feel of this mattress, it is firm but cradles your body. If you want a great nights sleep, waking up refreshed instead of full of aches, this is the right pick for you. I previously purchased 2 6 inch mattresses 2 yrs. ago for my son's bunk beds, I was impressed at how great they feel to sleep on as well. I'm sold!
This mattress was delivered right to my door on schedule as described. It arrived in a box and when I opened it up it began to rise right away. I waited about 6 hrs before I put the bedding on it. I slept on it that night and I was not disappointed at all. That was the best night sleep I had in a long time . The only thing that I regret is I wish I had ordered the 12 inch one so it would be a little higher and I may do that anyway later on and use this one on my other bed. Either way it is a great mattress good quality and a great price. I showed it to my daughters and they were impressed also and are considering buying one for themselves. I would highly recommend to anyone who has back problems and need a good night rest with no pain on wake up in the morning.
After reading reviews here and sleeplikethedead.com we gave this mattress a try. After 4 weeks of using it we are very impressed. It was shipped to our store very quickly and the box was easy to get home and upstairs. There was an odor but it faded after a few days. My wife wasn't sleeping on our old mattress but she's dead till morning on this one. We also looked at an 8" queen Tempur-Pedic but it was $1399. We could buy seven of these! We did put a really nice mattress cover on it. Overall we are very pleased and sleeping very well.
This is a great mattress.....my back does no hurt in the morning when i wake up anymore! It was so great that the first night that i slept in it, i dont remember falling asleep on my laptop! lol Its great!!! Love it
This bed is awesome. I dont know if some people had gotten a bad mattress or what but mine is perfect. It took about 24- 36 hours to fully uncompress and the smell really isnt that bad. I'm sleeping on the bed after 4 days cant smell nothing and not to firm. It does give support but you do sink into the mattress a few inches. Both my husband and I sleep so much better on this mattress then we did with our 1800 kingsdown bed.
I ordered this mattress in the full size. I'd read reviews for days. I wasn't quite sure what to expect, but I was delighted when it was delivered quickly. The box was light enough (weak female - ha!) for me to carry up a flight of stairs from my car. Upon opening the box and bag, the mattress began to "fluff" up instantly. It only took about 24 hours to completely fill out. And I couldn't be happier. I sleep so well that getting up in the morning is getting harder. :). I love it. Best purchase ever.
I used the reviews to base my decision to purchase two of these mattresses for my boys room. Not disappointed. Very comfortable with no weird odors. Great product.
I have not slept on it, but feels good just laying on it.
Nice Mattress
I bought this for my husbands bed, We had to add an egg crate mattress pad but he is sleeping much more sounder than he was before.
After reading reviews on this 8" memory foam mattress, we decided to purchase it for our camper. Even though it comes small in a box, after opening it and letting it sit overnight, it expanded to full size and we LOVE IT. We were a little leary with the price ($169) that it wouldn't be that great, but we just laid the mattress on the floor and have slept on it a few nights in the house to test it out, and have honestly loved it. If one person moves it doesn't jolt the other person. It's a very good mattress for the money. After researching several places online, this one seems to be the best one for the money.
We bought this for our RV. We're able to make it work for our needs!

AWESOME!

Doc.
Love it !!! Very Comfortable
I purchased this with very little expectations and this is by far better than my pillow top I spent several hundred dollars back at home. I purchased this along with the platform bed and best night of sleep in years. This mattress is so firm I did buy one of those cheap "egg shells" for the top and that combo has made this a love.
So far so good for us! I didn't notice any smell at all. It is extremely comfortable. I would say, for the price, it is worth every penny. I am not really fussy and I don't have back problems so maybe I am just easy to please....I was skeptical because it was so inexpensive, so I ordered one. I just placed an order for a second mattress for my daughter today. I hope she likes hers as much as we do.
The Mattress is better than described, bought it for my 11 year old and he loves it. I tried it our myself and it is similar to my own memory foam mattress that i paid far more for. there was an odor when I first opened it but it was gone within 2 days. The mattress also reached full height in just a day. Very satisfied
Great mattress! Very comfortable. No fumes.
We are very happy with our purchase. I like a firmer mattress, while my boyfriend likes a softer mattress --- the memory foam appears to be a great compromise without having to spend thousands for a mattress. We shipped from site to store and we were able to fit the box in the back seat of our car --- and we ordered a California King. The mattress "fluffed" up quickly and we were able to sleep on it the first night we brought it home. The chemical smell has lasted a bit longer than we thought it would, but once you get your sheets on, it's much better. We are extremely pleased with this mattress! We wanted to buy a California King (he's 6'8") and we honestly didn't think that a California King would be affordable but this has been a great buy! Would recommend it to anyone!
yes it ships in a bag, my king came in a box 14" x14"x48", it was heavy so have two people or a hand truck if you need to move it far. I let mine expand for 4 full days in another room as the bed frame had not been delivered yet, there was a very minor odor as would be expected from foam being sealed up for awhile but never noticed it once it was set up. It is firm but giving supports the entire body, I am a side sleeper and as most USA a bit overweight so standard spring beds didn't support the area between the hips and ribs well, this matress does that excelently.
If you can't afford the big expensive memory foam deals, this one is an excellent substitute. It took 2 days to reach the full 8", and I did have to leave a window open for the smell of the foam, but after that, it's comfort all the way. And after a short while, the next morning you can't even see where you slept. If I can swing it, I'm buying one for a rollaway bed in the same room.
Affordable, and my daughter says she has the best nights sleep!
Thanks to my friend who suggested this bed as an option when we newly moved 3 years back .. Have been using this since then .. very comfortable.. still has retained the thickness it had 3 years back..

Another plus point is the packaging it comes with.. you will be amazed at the initial size of the bed and the way it expands to the full thickness..

It is light weight.. we even move this around in weekend to our living area now a days to enjoy movies in the living area.. :)
we have used memory foam toppers in the past but this matteress is great and my daughter loves it
Great product! We didn't notice any odor when we open the box. Fully inflate after 48 hours. Helps us get a good night sleep.
the thing it's not as firm as I Like but it's better than old king spring we had for 28 years we got the best out of that one. this memory foam will take time for me to see if I like it.
I love this bed!!! It was everything I expected it to be. I ordered the 8" Memory Foam Mattress and have continuously recommended it to family and friends. I am a big girl and suffered from back pain. Once I started sleeping on this bed my pain has disappeared! Don't wait if your considering buying it buy it you"ll love it!
I was so impressed with this mattress, great deal, the smell does go away, and it does go to the height of 8", was fun to watch while removing it from the packing.
We bought a queen size Spa Sensations mattress 4 months ago for our guest room. Our 19 year old grandson spent 2 weeks with us for Christmas and loved it! This made us consider replacing our waterbed mattress. We bought a CA King and it fit perfectly. There was no odor and was fully expanded in 4 hours. We've been sleeping on it over two weeks now and couldn't be happier! We both have back problems and this mattress has considerably decreased our pain. Sleeping straight through the night without waking up in pain and having to change positions is wonderful! Initially, the price made us a little worried thinking it was so inexpensive that it wouldn't be worth buying but after our grandson's rave review along with WalMart's return policy and free home delivery, we had nothing to lose! We are completely satisfied with our Spa Sensations mattresses!!
This is the second Spa Sensations mattress we bought. The first was a twin size 6" and it was excellent for sleep quality. Really helps get rid of the back pain. We then bought a full size 8" and it was excellent also. Highly recommend it.
Bought this queen size mattress on sale for the Memorial Day sale of 2013, was impressed with the price compared to any mattresses around. Feels great and very nice for people who like softer mattresses and yet has enough hold to be good for people who like firm ones as well. Box it gets delivered in can be deceiving and it had a smell that went away after a day of being out of the box as well.
Spa Sensation 8'' Memory Foam Mattress
Love it!
Ordered it site-to-store, the box was small enough to fit in the back seat of the car!
In just 1 hour after opening up the bed, it was already 6.5 inches thick! Later the next day it was up to it's 8 inch thickness!
Love it, so comfortable !
For the cost this mattress can not be beat. It is very comfortable and feels as good as the more expensive counterparts. I do not expect it to last as long as one costing 3-5 thousand dollars, but I can replace it every other year and still come out ahead. It is very comfortable and for the slightly higher cost the eight inch is far superior to the six inch.
I got this mattress to replace an ancient one that my teenage sons have been sleeping on for too long. This mattress was a good value and is supposed to last a long time. My son loves how comfortable it is.
such a good mattress. memory foam is fine.
Based on reviews I bought the 8in King size. I must say so far so good. There is a slight smell, but went away in a day, I have wanted to get one of these types of beds for some time, but never wanted to spend a ton of money. I will be getting one for my daughter very soon. Give it a try you won't be regret it.
So far so good on this Foam Mattress!! We use it in the guest room and so far all my guests (3 families so far) have enjoyed it. Mine came in a very managable box and was very easy to set up. It had NO SMELL (like some of the other reviews) and seemed to unroll and puff up to size quickly.
I have been very happy with this mattress. It's for my 18 year old. Very impressed with it so far. Comfy, clean, didn't notice any smell. Only down side so far is it didn't expand to the full 8 inches. I have about 7 inches. I would recommend that you purchase a 10 inch if you want the full 8 inch mattress.
I love my new bed! I sleep comfortably and I love showing it off! Every time I have family over I let them know that I got it from Walmart and tell them how cheap it was! Then they lay on it and all they say is wow! Lol I love feeling smart when I make good purchases :)
***** Spa Sensations 8-inch king-size memory foam mattress:
I'm a big guy with back problems, and like the bed Goldilocks was looking for - it's just right. Firm, not hard. I use it with a topper. I will also get a mattress cover for it, as it's fabric covering isn't as durable as a regular mattress. Remember to pair this with the Spa Sensations companion Smart Bed Frame, or at least a very firm boxspring (see other reviewer's posts). Free delivery and days earlier than expected. Easy set up. No odors. Slept on it after 6 hours - Expanded to full thickness in less than 48 hours. Great price! Definitely recommend it and would buy it again. - RH
I have this item for 3 years without any problems, comfort, easy to clean, and I recommend it for anyone.
It was delivered to our house in approximately three days. My daughter loves the mattress!
So this mattress. I would recommend. It takes a few days to get used to, but It is so comfortable and I wake up in the same spot every single morning. Shockingly. I used to wake up in the middle of the night. Not anymore. My brother and i both have it and we have had it for about a week or two and absolutely LOVE it. and its fun to jump on, but you dont go as high :) RECOMMEND!!!
This mattress was purchased for an adjustable bed. It is very comfortable and works great. I highly recommend it.
We got this bed for our teen and it is perfect. He loves it. He was always waking with a backache (sports related?), but now he wakes feeling fine. We are now going to get one for ouselves!
I initially bought the 12" and it was the best thing I've slept on... ever! But I forgot to calculate how high 12" was when combined with the storage drawer foundation and then add the frame on castors. This ended up so high we had to do the "Folsom flop" to get atop it. No problem! Walmart scheduled a shipping company to come and get it and no charge to me! We exchanged it for an 8" and love it.
I purchased this mattress for my guest bedroom and my first guest (my mom) absolutely loved it, so I figured I would try it out. Let's just say I slept harder and better than I have in a long time. I find myself choosing this mattress over my own bed to get some good Zzzzz's. Also loved how it came packaged. Very compact. Very pleased!
This is an awesome mattress and great for the price. As soon as you lay on it - it makes you feel like you want to slip into a deep sleep. No matter if you sleep on your side, back or stomach this bed will accomodate to all the natural curves of your body. I only wish I had bought it sooner! An excellent purchase and I highly recommend it.
I don't know what to say ... this mattress exceeded my expectations, even with all the great reviews. I bought this mattress for my thirteen year old. I'd just gotten him a bedroom set, and his new platform bed required a queen mattress (sans box spring). This mattress was inexpensive and very highly rated, and convenient to ship right to my home (no truck required!) so I thought I'd give it a shot. It was delivered to my door, a few days before expected, and set up was a breeze. I actually wish I'd recorded it, it was so cool to watch the mattress go from a flat lump to a mattress. Each and every time I sit or lie on this mattress I'm amazed how comfortable it is. It's much more comfortable than my expensive pillow-top mattress set. Even my thirteen year old comments weekly how comfortable his bed is and what a great night sleep he gets now. My only complaint is that the material covering the mattress feels kind of gross ... it's a polyester-ish type of material that rubs your hands the wrong way. In the end, though, it doesn't matter at all, because the mattress is always covered with sheets. I would highly recommend this mattress to anyone, even those considering a more expensive set.
Don't overpay for a name brand mattress. This mattress is just as good as anything on the market for a fraction of the cost. The only slightly negative I can see is that it is a little firm (for a memory foam mattress) - I guess. It's still waaay softer than our old conventional inner-spring mattress (medium firmness). My advice is to try out some at the stores and get the density rating. Then find one on this site that matches your desired rating. You can't go wrong that way or with this brand - IMHO. Oh, and I chose regular shipping (one week) - it got to my house in two days!
I am so happy I bought this mattress. I have slept soundly each night. You don't feel the other person move or getting out of bed.
My husband really loves it too. Great value for the price. Also, it is cool to sleep on. I removed the 2" pad that I used with my innerspring mattress because it was too hot. I might put it back on in the winter.
We slept on it the night after we got it.
The only thing I may have done differently would be getting a 12".
Overall, Super
I read reviews that this was a lot firmer than people thought it was going to be. They weren't kidding. I'm hoping it will soften up a little over time. People were also complaining about an odor. I haven't smelled a thing. Overall, I'm very pleased with this mattress and it makes a nice replacement for my old inner spring.
and I am digging it! I doubt if I ever go back to a regular mattress...ever. It fit perfectly with my platform bed and I don't sink to far into it...like it would have mattered. I'm glad I purchased it.
I bought an 8" mattress for slightly more than the cost of a foam mattress topper. I'm impressed with the value. At least at this point, it seems to be of decent quality. There is a smell when your first take it out of the box but that goes away after a few days. I have severe back problems but have actually had good nights (and mornings!) since getting this. I'd recommend this to anyone looking for a reasonably priced foam mattress.
I got this mattress for my California king platform bed on here and well, and did not have to use a box spring, it is this best mattress I have ever owned! It is not to firm and not to plush either, it is just right and me and my husband and noticed a huge difference in out back pains since we got this mattress! If you are looking for a great mattress that is just as good as those high dollar mattresses this is it, it is just as good as my parents and grandparents 2000 mattresses they said they should have gotten one like this as well! So I strongly recommend it to anyone!!
Thanks!!!
I read EVERY review before purchasing this mattress and I am amazed I didn't buy it sooner! I work long hours and I truly look forward to coming home to this bed and I sleep like I have never slept before! It is just what I needed as I am a side sleeper and I turn over constantly and still I sleep soundly and comfortably. I will NEVER go back to spring mattresses.
Bought this for my 8 year old. He loves it. It's firm but soft, hard to explain. When it's time for mom to get a new bed, I will get this. And I didn't think the smell was bad either.
This product was delivered in less than 24hours.. Even though the estimated arrival date was for 2/3 days. This product is amazing. We sleep much better and actually do not want to get out of the bed.
This is a great and very comfortable memory foam mattress, we bought the same for our son in college, I check around in others furniture store and you cannot beet this price.,, nice buy for the money.
We've had very expensive mattresses. This is better by far and it is the least expensive one. It is the only mattress we will buy from now on. We've purchased 4 of them so far.
I've had this mattress for over a week now. My roommates can't keep off of it because It's like sleeping on a cloud, a slightly firm cloud. This mattress offers me the best sleep I have had in along time. The only flaw (so far) is that it takes more will power to get out of bed. Excellent product, so far!
The mattress comes rolled up and mine puffed up just they way it is supposed to. Very nice material and seems quite comfortable. The cost was excellent as this is for a guest bed. I have paid much more for a similar product. I am not sure how it would hold up under daily use, I did have problems with one "cheaper" memory foam mattress before. For the price this is a great deal.
This is a great mattress and for the money, it's a great value.
My shipment arrived very quickly. The directions were clear and precise. It took no time at all to unpack and get it on the frame I purchased. After letting it rest for the 48 hrs. it needed to remember it's shape I have slept on it every night. It's comfortable and I am getting a good nights sleep without waking up with back pain.
I bought two of these for my grandchildren and they just love them!! My grandson is so happy he wants to go to bed on school nights. He says it is the best sleep he has ever had! Well worth the money!!!
Was wonderful have a product with good quality without need to pay a lot. My son love it, he say sleeps and rest all night. Is a wonderful product and he is not missing the other coil spring mattress and for summer is just right.
I have terrible back pain and cannot sleep for more than 4 hours in a regular bed. I've slept in recliners and on couches for years. The sleep number bed did not work for me. I hated the thought of spending tons of money on a memory foam mattress, so I finally took a chance and bought this one. The delivery was so quick, only 3 days! Once we had it out of the box, it took shape pretty quickly. It was hard to wait the 48 hours to try it out. The first night I slept on it, I knew it was for me! I slept for a full 8 hours, not waking up once! Another plus, my dog slept right beside me the whole night too. It did take my husband a few nights to get used to it, but now he loves it as well. Couldn't be happier. :-)
Great for the price. It arrived a lot sooner than what it said during the ordering process I am very pleased. Excellent mattress for platform bed and spare guest room.
This mattress is a great balance of soft & firm. The cover is a nice touch to add more value. We bought this for our 3 yr old and the 8" height is perfect. Quite a few of the other reviews say the foam smelled at first- I did not experience that at all. We use foam beds for all beds in our house(even dog beds) & this is definite must buy!!
This mattress totally exceeded my expectations. I was a little skeptical that it would expand to the 8" depth when I received it in it's compressed shipping size, but it expanded with no problems within 30 hours! It is the most comfortable mattress I have ever slept on. I wanted a memory foam mattress as I have used conventional spring mattresses before and did not find them particularly comfortable and the firms just were too firm! The Spa Sensation mattress is firm enough with out being stiff, conforms to your body and gives you support where you need it. I feel like I am sleeping on a cloud! I would definitely recommend this mattress for anyone who wants a great mattress at a great price!
Okay. So I was very worried that the 8 inch would be a mistake. But I am so pleased with it now and recommending it to my friends. I am 5'3 and weigh 182. I have arthritis in my back and this really helped me sleep longer last night than I have in 3 yrs. If you put your knee on it it will go down far and still not touch the platform underneath. When I laid on it it was so cozy. It is firm but that's a good thing cause it will last longer than a real soft plush one. Mine didn't reach it's full height of 8 inches. Its at 7 1/2 inches and I let it set for 12 hrs but I don't mind. There was a smell but quickly went away, it's expected tho. I absolutely love love love it! Just get it.
Box arrived and I just new this thing was going back! My son opened on his birthday and was shocked that there was a queen mattress in that box. After a few minutes it was completely plumped up to its full thickness and size. We made his new bed up and were amazed at how comfortable and perfect this mattress is. My husband and I may get one for our bed as well when it's time to replace ours. Have no fear. This is a quality mattress and for the price it's a no brainer. He has slept on his for about 2 weeks now and has thanked me for his new bed every other day! Love it!
Sturdy and comfortable. What more could you want from a mattress.
I purchased the Memory Foam Mattress for my daughter's apartment at college. My son has had the same mattress for three years and has really liked it. My daughter tells me it is more comfortable than her traditional mattress at home.
If you like super soft mattress, this mattress is a little hard for you. If you are petite, 8" should be enough for you.
I bought this mattress for my 16 year old, and she loves it compared to her last inner spring mattress. I marked low for features and expectations only because we have had it a little over a month now and it still features the chemical smell when you open her bedroom door and I expected that smell to go away shortly after opening it. Besides that I have still recommend this to friends for the comfort and price.
This mattress was for the guest bedroom and my husband and I think of switching it to our bed. It's super comfy and exceeds all expectations.
I slept on a waterbed for over 30 years. I decided it was time for a change. This mattress was the perfect product for me. I sleep great and it is so much easier to make than a water bed.
This mattress is more comfortable than the one I paid over $800 for. Love it!
Got this mattress in a cal king with the steel smart base (from Walmart) for my in laws who were gonna be staying with me for awhile. Well the whole week before they came I put it in the living room where me and my twin one year olds played and napped on it throughout the day. It's so comfortable I even debated trading it out with my awesome mattress I already have in my room that I payed top dollar for. It is a very awesome mattress I would highly recommend this to anyone looking to buy a new mattress at a great price. And the in laws have commented on how comfortable it is as well.
Awesome ....I loved it!
Everything is right about this bed mattress. The comfort is great and the price is right!
I had purchased a memory foam mattress (different brand) for the wife & myself last year and other then the bad smell of the new mattress that eventually faded we loved it from day one. Our teenaged kids thought it was weird until they laid on it & they loved it too. So, we ordered the Spa Sensations 8" twin mattresses for both of them. The first thing I noticed when we unpacked them was NO SMELL. We moved out their old mattresses and put in the new ones and they were ready to sleep on in just a couple hours. Both kids used to be up in the night for various reasons but now they sleep all night and fall asleep much faster. I'm totally sold on memory foam mattresses and will never go back to a conventional inner spring mattress AND the cost is at least 1/4 the price of a conventional innerspring mattress. Take that leap of faith and buy the "Spa Sensations memory foam mattress" you will not regret it.
Delivered to my door in 2 days. Bought for my daughter and she loves it and I do too.
I was excited to set up this bed. The box fit in my trunk so I carried it home myself. It was as easy as the video I watched. I simply placed the mattress on the stand and cut the plastic. The mattress began to expand and was ready to use. It is super comfortable and my bed sits up so high. This was a great purchase for me and I highly recommend it to anyone looking for a durable mattress at a great price.
I use a 3 in general memory foam topper w the 8 in bed and it's sooooo comfortable. I fall asleep right away, only downside is that I want to sleep longer!
this is our second memory foam mattress. love the fell of it and at a great price
Supports all points of your body, deep sleep now possible. Highly recommend to all.
Had doubts when ordering because of being only eight inches thick but once we tried it found it very comfortable an excellent product.
It's very comfortable. I'm a side sleeper with a bad shoulder. I used to wake up from the pain of sleeping on that shoulder after rolling over in my sleep. I've had this mattress a week and have yet to have that problem. The odor was minimal. I am highly satisfied with my purchase!
Before I purchased this bed, I bought a $1600 Tempur Pedic memory foam mattress. After my boyfriend encouraged me to return that overly priced mattress, I went online to search for a better deal. I was extremely skeptical at first that this mattress could be so good and yet so inexpensive. The hundreds of positive reviews helped, though! For less than $300, I got the perfect mattress. I like firm mattresses, and this memory foam sinks in just the right amount. I have a great night's sleep every night!
This product is great, I have severe back pain and since sleeping on this mattress I have has a lot less pain. I have it on a box spring so I already had a two inch memory foam topper for my old mattress and I have that on it to add extra comfort, I recommend this product to anyone that wants comfort at a great value, I intend on buying the bigger one when I get the money to get a larger bed I have a queen and want a king or cal king. Beware you may not want to get out of bed!
Love it very soft and comfy makes u want to sleep all night, had to buy my kids one cause they didn't want to sleep in there own bed mind you my kids are 19 and 25 Smh
We bought this mattress to fit a queen platform bed in our Rv. By measurement we didn't know if it would fit exactly but it does. It is more comfortable than our expensive brand name set at home.
The site to store option was quick and perfect for our situation. The mattress pad does tend to slip off the corner due to the foam impression so corner grips are a help.
I purchased this mattress as a spare bedroom mattress, expecting that it would only be used occasionally and only for a night or two. The mattress came in a reasonable box, was easy to open up, and fully restored itself in about 12 hours. I did have a little issue with the smell the first couple days, but it dissipated. Every guest who has stayed noted how nice it was to sleep on, firm but far better than they would expect when I tell them it was so reasonably priced.
When this mattress arrived, it was so compacted that we were hesitant to take it out of the box. Once we did, however, it was amazing.
It grew from about 3" to the full 8". It is a true full sized mattress.
It is comfortable & sleeps like the memory foam mattress we had paid $400 for 2 months ago.
Couldn't be more satisfied & pleased with the quality.
The cover was a bonus.
The shipping was promised within 3 days and it arrived a day early even though it was the Christmas rush.
Over all .....very satisfied!
Within a couple of days my new Memory Foam Mattress stopped my hips from hurting, I have already told my friends about it.
My husband and I are in our mid-thirties. We both have chronic neck pain, from studying, reading and being on the computer. We both get occasional back pain as well. The neck pain was so bad that we woke up with pain, pain that was worse then when we fell asleep. I started associating it with our mattress, it was foam but was just not supportive at all. So this new Walmart foam mattress was so cheap thought anything was better than what we had. We just got it today, it has been about three hours and the mattress is already about 6 inches, but it was absolutely perfect the moment we laid it out. Seriously this feels just like my in-laws Tempurpedic. We then put a 1.5in foam topper that we had from before on it and even better. I am predicting a supportive cozy night's sleep. We got the 8inch mattress and seriously don't know why you would need more height because the foam is cozy and so supportive. Totally worth the money, we paid $239 for a king, holy smokes! So cheap. I would classify this as a firm bed but not hard, just supportive. You can always build up and add toppers as you need them if you are worried about the firmness, but like I said it is cozy as is. Very satisfied. Thank you Walmart for offering affordable mattresses, how awesome, I feel like I bought a pricey furniture store one.
Helps some what with my daughters back ,she suffers from multiply back problems. And she loves it.First night she slept on it she woke up with a big smile. A smile I haven't seen her have from getting out of bed in a long time
Sleeps wonderful
The only downfall if this amazing mattress is I was almost late for work twice because its so easy to fall back asleep. its firm enough to where you don't sink into it like a waterbed, but its soft enough to where you really feel comfortable.

Best decision I've made in a long time.
This is a very good buy. I recently had a sleep number bed and tossed and turned all night. Now I can pretty much sleep through the night. It does take about 2 weeks for the smell of the bed to go away, but it ain't bad.
We had ordered the Spa Sensations mattresses in the past, and it came time we needed another bed again, so we ordered the 8" mattress. It was exactly what we ordered, it was cheaper than the last one we ordered from Walmart.com, and it was everything we needed.
It came in a box, we opened it, gave it 24 hours to take shape and air out (It does have a slight chemical smell, but not overwhelming) and then moved it into my son's room. It is very comfortable, not overly stiff, and he loves his new mattress.
And it was deliver very fast! I looooved it!
mattress is good and firm. pretty suprising since its only 8 inches thick.
The mattress sponge pad was a great product for the price.
This bed is so comfy! I am so glad that I bought this mattress. It took about 3-4 days for my back to get used to it, but now I sleep so deeply that I am ready to go for the next day.
Great mattress for the price. Very comfy...
Very comfortable mattress, had a bit of a smell to it which disappated in a day.
I have had my 8" memory foam topper for over a year now and it is still sooo comfortable!! I highly recommend this product!
Can't get better at this price! The mattress is very comfy and my daughter loves it!
We are on an extremely tight budget and our 16 year old daughter needed a new mattress badly, but we could not afford a set. We decided to roll the dice and try this mattress out. We got the full size mattress and the frame. It was easy to haul and unpack. We aired it out for the days that was recommended and then set it up in her room. She LOVES it! When I laid on the mattress, it seemed rather firm for me, but she said it's perfect.
excellent mattress !!!
my back felt much better after a couple of nights sleep,what a differance.
I bought this mattress a month ago and I absolutely love it. I have arthritis in my back and have not had a good nights sleep in a long time. Since I have been sleeping on this mattress I don't wake up with the back pains and I do not ache allover. This mattress was well worth the money and it is the best mattress I have ever owned. It was shipped really fast and it was ready to sleep on the first night. I did not notice any odor from the mattress. I am very pleased with my purchase.
I was worried 8" would not be thick enough and I would be able to feel the smartbase through this mattress, but that is not the case. I sleep so well on my new mattress, I feel like I am floating!
great comfort, my son loves it, and great value.
I was very thorough in reading reviews before purchasing since it would be impossible to return the bed if it wasnt alright. Turns out that its really pretty good. I have the 8 inch spa sensation matress in king size and have been sleeping on it for 10 nights so far, very comfortable. It is on the firm side and I may consider getting a topper but at this point it isnt necessary. The chemical type smell was noticable when the bed first was opened and went away after a few days. I recommend this for anyone wanting memory foam at a reasonable price!
This bed was a great value for the money and also very comfortable. The smell that people spoke about in the reviews did not linger very long at all. It also came really fast which was an extra added bonus! Great product!
ok here is the best i can say to people thinking of buying this mattress . i own a tempur pedic mattress for 8000.00 and i will be the first one to say this is no tempur pedic. BUT,,, it comes very close . when it comes to you in a box remember that tempur pedic does too. ok now for the review . for the past two months and 3 people have slept on this an 9yr old an 22 yr old and myself and yes its woryh every penny
My son loves his new mattress! I will say there is a smell for a few days; kinda smelled like the packaging, plastic, foam material etc... He didn't enjoy that much. Lol But after a few days an leaving his window cracked the smell is gone. ;) He couldn't be happier!
Totally surprised by the sixty pound box it arrives in, then it opened into a king size mattress. My wife and I are totally sleeping better, thank you, not to mention the free shipping.
Purchased this mattress for our vacation home for a daybed - slept on it for 7 nights straight and it's a very comfortable mattress. I only let it "rise" for about 2 hrs before sleeping on it and it was fine - no odor either. I like a "cushy" feel to my mattress and this one has good support and with a Magic Loft Mattress Topper it was wonderful - no sore hips or shoulder the next morning.
Love our new bed. Best one to date and the ironic part is, it was the cheapest.
I really enjoy this mattress. I had a full size sleep number mattress before, which was nothing more than an air mattress. I rest much better on this one.
I usually don't take the time to write reviews, but this mattress is such a great value and exceeded my expectations so I felt compelled to write a review. The mattress is very comfortable and is just the right balance of soft foam feel and firm support. As the description states there was a faint odor after unpacking, but disappeared soon after unpacking. Our son has chemical sensitivities, and had no issue using this mattress once we allowed it time to air out. We purchased two of the twin size mattresses and will likely purchase a queen size soon. I am curious as to what the difference is, in terms of feel/comfort, between the 6 inch, 8 inch, and 12 inch mattress.
I bought 1 for each of my 3 children. All 3 have platform beds. Easy to unpack. Good construction. The mattresses are firm yet soft and cushy.
Fast shipping, well packaged and very comfortable
I love this bed! I'm 9 months pregnant and this bed relaxes all my pressure points and cradles my stomach. My back is always out and when I lay down on this bed I feel no pain but a comfortable, cozy and relaxed body. I have no problem falling asleep. Even my two year old loves it!
I was very satisfied with this product. Especially once I had my first night's sleep in it. It exceeded all of my expectations because of it's cheap price. I can honestly say that this is the best bed I've owned in my entire life
It came in 2 days as opposed to the 10 they stated it would take. I was afraid to leave them in the box compressed for that long, so I had to turn around and drive 4 hours back up to the vacation house that I had just returned from. That is the only downside.
This bed is a great deal for its price. My boyfriend and I can sleep very comfortably on it despite having very different tastes in beds (I like soft and he likes firm). I would definitely recommend this bed to others because it's perfect for both soft and firm bed lovers.
My kids sleep so much better than they ever have!!!
We bought for college son. Excellent value and delivered right to him right in his college town. Great purchase.
Very comfortable bed, everything that I hoped it would be. It comes packaged very small so it is easy to get into the room. Doesn't take long for it to be its full size
I am sleeping pain free for the first time in years!!
Using it on top of a pull out sofa setup, queen size. Opened up as expected, no odor. Very comfortable...
So after spending a gazillion dollars on the most well-know brand memory foam mattress for our home, we knew we liked the memory foam idea...but needed a new mattress in our RV. We're living in it for a few months on relocation, so we wanted something comfortable. Bitter that our swanky new expensive mattress is in storage somewhere in middle FL, I checked into these Walmart memory foam mattresses. When I saw the number of positive reviews, I decided to roll the dice & try it out. We've had it for about a week now, and I LOVE it! It is incredibly comfortable, the price could not be beat, and I could not be more pleased! If you are considering it...just do it. You will not be disappointed. I'm now kicking myself that I spent so much on the other mattress!!!
So my mattress was just delivered to my front door about 10 hours ago, with free shipping might I add.(bonus points) Unraveling it was pretty simple, and there was no stench of any kind like I had read prior to making this purchase. The box warns you of a stench and that it would be 48 hours till it reaches its full size, but 10 hours later I came home and measured it, at it was right where it should be. Laying on it now as I type this I can tell I'm going to have a great nights sleep. Perfect balance of not to firm and not to soft. Pretty sweet.
This is a wonderful memory foam mattress and so loved. My advice would be if you are not buying the box spring from the same company, get 2 of these to stack because a heavier person can feel the box spring a little. Overall though, it is a wonderful mattress and I would recommend it to everyone!
I actually really like this mattress!! It spreads out your weight completely and is so comfy to sleep on. It does have that weird smell that I only notice randomly! It expanded to its full 8 inches! Love it love it love!
I purchased this bed based on some reviews. It was easy to set up and expanded to its size in a few hours. I bought it for my 10 year old son who loves it. We have only had it for a couple of weeks and so far he sleeps great on it. I will probably.purchase another one in a few weeks for my other son. The smell is not that bad when you open the package and it was gone in a day or so. I have not slept on it but I did lay on it for a while and seems comfortable. The price is good for the quality. I will probably update my post in a few months once we owned it a bit longer.
This mattress is wonderful! Within 2 hours of opening, it raised to a complete 8" and there was no overwhelming smell of any kind! We purchased two twin size mattresses for our children, and they say that it is very comfortable to sleep on.
The bed was a good investment. If you are carrying it up steps, bring someone along to help you carry it. Otherwise, you run out of breath quickly!
THIS BED ARRIVED VERY QUICKLY AND IS VERY COMFORTABLE.
I brought a queen size mattress and this is a very good mattress. I was very sceptical at first about getting a mattress from walmart, but now, I feel it was a good decision. the mattress came in a box and it expanded to full size within 2 hours and it really feels good.
My back does not ache on a memory foam mattress and Spa Sensations has been the brand that I have purchased over the years. I have one in my RV too. Love it!
I would buy a second one if I needed to.
My son found this mattress very comfortable. Very good value for the money. Comes in a small box, but fluffs up quickly, was ready for use within 4 hours.
I was skeptical when the boxes showed up on my door. Upon opening them the mattresses imediately began to fluff and fill out. These matrasses are firm and as good, if not better than I expected.
Spa Sensations 8 Memory Foam Mattress, together with the Spa Sensations Steel Smart Base Bed is great together.
My 16 year old son loves it! He is 6' and plays every sport so the bed is relaxing!!
Delivery was convenient. Very comfortable and reasonably priced.
Very comfortable. I wish it was a bit fuller.
I bought this mattress for my daughter and her husband. Both said it is the best nights sleep they ever had. It did take some time to get used to memory foam vs old style but it wasn't a tough adjustment. They just put it on their existing box spring and it worked perfectly. After reading the reviews I decided on the 8in vs the 6in due to comfort, her husband is a big guy.
I bought this for my teenager. It is a really good mattress for the price. It was on my doorstop the next day after I ordered it too.
I Love it
I am really happy with this mattress, is was very cheap but the quality is much more than i could expect. It is firm, but the memory foam makes it very comfortable. I'd really recommend it for people who look for a firm mattress.
This is a very fine product for the money. Shopped around and this was definitely the best price I found. Easy to unpack (not always true with memory foam mattresses) and wrestle around.
Love the mattresses. I have king, queen, twin x3. I would suggest that you get a thicker mattress for older/heavier children or if you have a platform bed frame. But all of our mattresses we love!
I love this mattress. It is so nice and supportive and meets my needs. I am a plus sized women and it is very firm and supportive. Great nights sleep!
I just received both a twin and full memory spa foam mattress last week. It was delivered to my door in a box. I was like..Uh oh. When my daughter took the mattress out the box, it immediately started to inflate. Long story short, both my 15 year old and 8 year old daughters absolutely love their new mattresses! For the price it was a bargain. I will also be ordering a queen size for my husband and I soon ;)
I was very happy about the delivery time. It was easy to open and set up. I love it, I have lots of back problems and nothing seemed to help until I got this mattress. So far it really helps me sleep ten time better then ever. I would certainly recommend this to anyone who has back problems. :)
THE MATTRESS

When I first laid on it I slowly sank into it as the memory foam molded around the contours of my body. The differences in weight distribution at the different parts of my body compressed the memory foam to corresponding densities that pushed back with a soft, yet very firm resistance to my weight. The level of relaxation that washed through the different parts of my body were phenomenal, especially throughout my back. The sensations I was getting from my back alone were washing over me and I could feel my spine aligning and stretching out with a dull ache that felt incredibly good. It felt as if it was doing wonders for my back and I quickly found myself ready to doze off. Sleeping on this mattress threatens the very fabric of our existence. For the gods themselves may look down and envy at the level of comfort in which humanity now slumbers.

I will own this mattress as long as possible and should I need to buy another one in the future it will be this exact same one.

OTHER DETAILS

I live on the second floor of an apartment building and had this item shipped. It was delivered all the way to the front of my door, so you will only handle this item from the front step of wherever you live. I was able to handle the item easily by myself in the house.

I gave it about 12 hours to expand and you know how the story goes from there.

While I am more than satisfied with the 8" mattress, I would not recommend going any lower in mattress thickness. I worry that anything thinner would start to degrade the maximum quality you can get out of the product by simply just being too thin to properly mold to the contours of your body. My 8" sinks down to just below half that thickness when it supports my weight (I'm 175lbs). Although, I would purchase this mattress again in the future at the same thickness. I don't find it necessary at all to try to spend any more money to have a thicker one, unless you need to support a heavier frame than mine.

I got the king size myself and boy is it spacious. I'm 5'9" and from the top of my head and the bottom of my feet to the edges of the mattress I have about 10" combined of spare room. The room I have width-wise on the mattress was traditionally reserved as a sign of royalty.

RECOMMENDATIONS

I also purchased these items (links below each item):

The Steel Smart Base Bed Frame (They come as 2 separate frames that you unfold and then place a few screws to secure them as one solid frame. The screws can all be handled by hand, no need for tools. Lightweight with plenty of space to store items underneath and no need for a box spring whatsoever. A must have.)

http://www.walmart.com/ip/Spa-Sensations-Steel-Smart-Base-Bed-Frame-Black-Multiple-Sizes/15739166

The Classic Molded Memory Foam Pillow (I have tried Memory Foam pillows before that had curves in them for supposed support, but they were horrible. These are great and are a must have with a Memory Foam mattress.)

http://www.walmart.com/ip/Classic-Molded-Memory-Foam-Pillow-Set-of-2/26011202

these Plastic Vinyl Pillow Protectors (Did you know that your body leaks natural oils while you sleep? This can soak through your pillow cases and be absorbed into the pillows over time. These protectors will keep your pillows clean so you enjoy healthy long term use. They also prevent dirt and liquids from getting to the pillow. Another must have)

http://www.walmart.com/ip/Mabis-554-8041-1900-Plastic-Vinyl-Pillow-Protector/26979746

this Quiet Comfort Waterproof Mattress Pad (This serves the same purpose as the pillow protectors and it is, as advertised, silent. Another must have)

http://www.walmart.com/ip/Quiet-Comfort-Waterproof-Mattress-Pad/7811157

this Microfiber Sheet Set (I can only recommend these next items because I personally was satisfied with the quality and color. The sheets I got where "Bronze". They look darker in person than in the picture on the website. They are like a brown that has a metallic appearance when under the light. They went great with the next item!)

http://www.walmart.com/ip/Microfiber-Sheet-Set/11003442

and this Microfiber Comforter (I got the "Dark Brown/Brownstone" color, it went great with the sheets!)

http://www.walmart.com/ip/Mainstays-Microfiber-Comforter-Dark-Brown-Brownstone/13003823

COST

Altogether, I spent about 600-650 for everything, but it was an invaluable investment in health and well being. If you're sleeping around 8 hours a night you're spending 1/3 of your life in bed! Don't attempt to cut corners when it comes to your sleep. You deserve better than that. Especially if you're sleeping on an average of less than 8 hours of sleep a night - this is when you need to make sure the sleep you do get is as deep and restorative as possible!

IN CONCLUSION

I spent a lot of time just to get this information out there to you, the fellow consumer. I hope that the effort I put forth is a testament to the power of my words and I hope that I have helped you make an informed decision with your purchase. I will add an update later down the road to let you know if my level of satisfaction has sustained.
I wish I would have known about this before I spent $1500 on my temperpedic. My daughter loves it! I layed on it and loved it too!!
I purchased the mattress for my son and he LOVES it. He said it is the most comfortable bed. We are very please.
I bought this for my sons room, he wanted a mattress similar to mine. I thought a 12" (which is what I have) would be to big so I went with the 8". I have to say I absolutely love it, I have even started laying down in his bed to watch tv with him lol. It is very comfortable and I have noticed he is getting a lot more sleep as well.
Works as expected.
Absolutely love it! Its so comfortable, and totally cushiony. I bought this mattress for my futon frame our old mat had it. I dont think i will ever go back to a futon mat or any other bed again.
Grat bed for the price
when u see the box you're not gonna believe the mattress is in it. we unpacked it and let it sit over night. bought it for a 20 year old who usually wakes up with a lot of backaches. she loves it. I'm going to purchase another.
I am so glad we made this purchase! It is great mattress for a great price. I am recommending it to those who are looking for good sleep without back ache with an affordable price. I really do not know why we were waiting so long.
My husband had been having difficulty getting a good night's sleep. Our old bed was a waterbed that we had for 15 years. It was time to get out of the 80's because we were feeling like we were 80 years old. We researched all brands of beds. We were considering a tempurpedic type of bed but those things are really expensive. It seems if you want a bed that lasts and is comfortable, you have to spend a lot of money on it. Not true! We found this mattress and read through most of the reviews. Everyone seemed to really like it, so we thought we would give it a try. It arrived within a weeks time and we put it in place right away. It took about 2 hours to get to its full size. Ever since then we have been in sleep heaven! This bed is the MOST comfortable mattress we have ever slept on! We are absolutely thrilled with our new bed and could not be happier with the price for a king size mattress! It proves that you don't have to break the bank to get a good night's sleep. I am amazed that neither my husband nor myself can tell when the other is moving or getting out of bed. With our waterbed, you felt like you were floating in the ocean without a raft. Every movement caused waves and ripples and it was an expensive waveless model. Hands down this mattress is the BEST deal you will ever find.
We have a pillow topper on ours and it is absolute bliss. Try it - you too will love it!
great for kids or adults! lighter and more comfy than regular mattresses. My kids both love theirs!
My daughter has had her mattress for over a year and it has held up and is so comfortable that i ordered one for my bed.
I love this mattress. I am having the best sleep I've had in years.
I bought 2 of these (one with a frame for my husband and his Bi-Pap), twin sized, so we'd have something to sleep on when visiting my daughter. Wanted something fairly inexpensive. Mine was on the floor and it still was very comfortable and I could get a great night's sleep. I am 5'8" and my husband is 6'2" and we both had plenty of leg room. My husband is over 225 lbs and the optional frame held him fine and offered good support for the mattress, as well. We were very happy with the mattresses.
I bought this bed a few weeks ago with my tax return, and it is amazing. It conforms to your body like a memory foam mattress should. A friend recommended a similar version of this bed to me (she bought the 6" mattress). Installation is a piece of cake, all you do is cut open the plastic and lay it flat, I put mine on top of my old queen sized mattress and was surprised to see this mattress was a little bit bigger than it. More value! That morning I left for work and came home to find it ready to lay in. I've rested in mattresses that were 6x more expensive and this mattress is more comfy than those!

When I get out of bed in the morning and go to work, this bed is all that I can think about! Only thing is if your bed is lower to the ground, it is a little bit harder to get out of it because it does tend to swallow you in.

I have recommended this mattress to everyone I know and have talked a lot about it. This is an amazing buy!
after letting it rise for 2 days , i had the best sleep i had in years
At first I was skeptical about ordering the mattress however, since I could return it for a full refund I figured it was worth a shot. My 14 yr old son went from a full size bed to two twin size beds so friends could have their own bed to sleep in when they spent the night. The first night I slept on the bed straight on the floor it was wonderful. The next night my son slept on the mattress on the bedframe and he loved it. So far it has been 5 days and we love the mattress so much that I have ordered a king size to replace my 900.00 mattress I bought 3 years ago that is just too soft and really isn't holding up like I thought a 900.00 mattress should. The mattress did have somewhat of a chemical smell but it didn't last more than a day and the odor wasn't as strong as some had explained. I have looked at other mattresses and the prices are outrageous compared to this mattress with the same durability that I can see.
I bought this for my 6 year old son to replace his twin spring mattress. Went with a memory foam because I (his mom) love my memory foam mattress so much (Sealy Posturepedic) but didn't want to spend a lot. This is perfect and he sleeps like an angel. Yes there was a slight odor when I first took the mattress out of the plastic but it went away after airing it for 2 days. I have a feeling this mattress will last him a long time.
We got one like this for our queesn bed, so when we needed a full size we got this one. Those who have sleeped on it love it.
My husband and I decided to try the memory foam and we both instantly loved it. Easily the most comfortable mattress I've ever owned.
I've slept on a memory foam once before so my expectations were pretty high. This matress feels just like the expensive ones. The price is great and very much worth it. I purchased it only because of the good reviews so I will continue with the positive reviews. Buy it!!!
Good price. Very comfortable.
its like cloud nine just fell to earth.
This bed molds to my body it seems. I've been very sore lately from working out and it feels devine to lie down every night. Also I didn't notice any weird smells after letting the bed expand for a couple days. I did leave a window open and the door to the room closed as a precaution...perhaps this helped. Not sure though, just know I didn't have any problems when I was ready to use the bed.
I was pleasantly surprised when the mattress arrived. We opened up the box and in about 2 hrs had a very comfortable mattress. We did not experience the smell that other reviewers were complaining about. This mattress was bought for my daughter in college and we coupled this with the spa sensation steel smart bed base also sold by Walmart. This is a perfect combo no matter what size, for dorm or home use.
Being a college student I don't have a ton of money to spend on a nice bed, nor do I want to hassle with moving a heavy one around from place to place. This mattress came in a conveniently sized box that would fit in a car and it is almost as comfortable as my parents' several thousand dollar tempur-pedic. Overall great mattress for the price!
I ordered a twin mattress for my daughter. Package arrived (at a minimal shipping cost) within 3 business days. Love the mattress! I own a brand name mattress that cost over a $1,000 dollars. When it's time to replace that one, I will remember this mattress. Great value!!
My son was moving back home, so I needed to get him a bed. I wanted a bed that was easy to move, and this is perfect. It is so comfortable that I bought another one for the spare bedroom.
this is better I though and I expected I have recommend it to a few friends
Bought this for my daughter and neither she nor i could be happier. Didnt take long for the foam to expand to its proper thickness. Extremely comfortable, light in weight, and arrives in a manageable package. So far no heat issues and even i had no firm/soft issues and im 5'10 242lbs.this thing feels just right.
I bought this in twin size 4-5 years ago.3 moves later and the mattress is still comfortable and in good shape.Though I would strongly suggest putting a vynil/plastic layer between the mattress itself and the zippered cover it comes with.Why?Because the friction from the included zippered cover and mattress rubbing can cause the foam of the mattress to disintegrate slowly in pieces over time.I no longer have back pain(agony) due to this beauty.Yes it smells for the first week or so.Just open a window and let it air out.I have had mine for years and it's in the same condition as when I bought it.Very durable.Best purchase I can recall making in my entire life.
Love it wish I had bought a memory foam mattress. Very comfortable. Wake up without the pains I had in the past. If you are thinking about it for the money I think you will be happy
My husband gets up all the time when I sleep and I can't tell at all. I sleep so deep on this mattress. It's really comfortable and molds around you and I never wake up sore. It's an amazing bed.
Love it. So soft.
Quality is really good without having to spend a lot on a mattress.
Great second home twin mattress for the kids at the beach
Easy set up and more comfortable than I thought it would be
I am extremely pleased with this mattress! It is very comfortable. I did not notice any significant
odor. The price is very affordable and with free shipping to my home it was so easy.
Arrived very fast. Have had memory foam mattresses before...sometimes the odor can be overwhelming. This one was very minimal - odor disappeared after a couple of days of being aired out. Expanded to full size in about 48-72 hours. Great for my back - had to get rid of Sleep Number mattresses that gave me Sciatica cause it kept sinking in due to leaks in the air pump. This was a much better option than buying a whole new bed - we just took out the air chamber mattress sections and replaced with Spa Sensations and it is awesome!!
I got a perfect Memory Foam Mattress which i was looking. It is very soft and comfortable. Good buddy to sleep on.
Great mattress for the price, and it was definitely more than I expected. I sleep so sound fully now. The only down side is the smell. I guess I have more a sensitive sense of smell so the order tends to give me a headache. Other than that its perfect. My mom liked it so much that she's buying herself a queen size for her room.
I purchase this for my tween son who was complaining his old spring mattress was too uncomfortable. It arrived with free shipping within 2 days and was super easy to set up. Just unwrap and unroll. It did take between 24 and 48 hours to plump up to its full thickness, but it was worth the wait. He loves it. We used it on top of the old box spring instead of purchasing a special set up for it. It works just fine. He says he sleeps so deep he drools now, lol!
Love this mattress, made me late for work the first few days because I didnt want to get up. Good quality for the price, does have an odd scent to it once first opened but that goes away. Expanded to 8 in very fast could've slept on it before 48 hrs but waited anyway. Overall satisfied with this purchase!
Great mattress at a great price. Setup is fast and it's perfect when you don't want to feel the person next to you roll over. No movement can be felt and it's so comfy and hugs your body for a great nights sleep!!!
well its funny cause when we got it in the box and pulled it out my husband through it on the ground angry and said you got taken for? I was wow! I paid for a 8 inch this is only a 1 inch well I took and opened the air tight bag and it started growing I said, Oh! wow maybe it is 8 inch's well it was and we bought it for my son and he loves it. he brags to his friend! and when he is gone to school I lay on it. we plan on purchasing a couple more for all the rooms.
This mattress arrived exactly how it was described in the product description, it also arrived a few days early as well. This is the best mattress I've owned yet!
I also have this mattress in queen size It's so good for all the joint pain Hae trouble sleeping on anything else. I love it
Im not used to it not having what mine which was not foam at all lol. I like this although for most people it gets time to adjust to some smooth and nice texture to sleep on without something poking you in the middle of the night :) I'm glad my husband and I bought this :)
I am very pleased with this memory foam mattress. I had heard they sometimes have an odor; this one definitely does not! My daughter needed a new full size mattress for college so I bought it early so she could try it at home. She absolutely loves it! I am impressed with the quality, low price, and appreciate the free shipping.
Bought this for my son in college. Very easy to transport. Expanded nicely. Very comfortable.
This mattress is very comfortable.
After years of wondering if memory foam was the sleep answer, we decided to try it. Our Spa Sensations mattress came in an awkward looking package. Just amazing that a king size mattress can fit into such a small package. After allowing the mattress to expand for a day we tried it. I have enjoyed 7 consecutive nights of great sleep. Granted it has only been a week but so far so good. I've spent many years waking sore and stiff without fail after a good nights sleep. My discomfort level has diminished by 75-80% and am sleeping better than ever on this mattress. As with other reviews our mattress only expanded to about 7". But it is the most comfortable 7 inches I've slept on.
I searched many mattresses before buying this and I'm very happy. It feels great to sleep on. You do not disturb others on the bed when you move. It is very comfortable and I don't want to get up!
Mattress is very comfortable and arrived as described. They suggest you give it a few days to fully inflate after removing it from the tightly-packed shipping box it arrives in and allow it to fully inflate. It did have a bit of a smell to it - they said that is normal for plastic wrapped mattresses to retain some of the plastic smell for a little while. We've had it for about 6 weeks now and don't notice the smell anymore. My two year old loves it and I have plenty of room to lie down next to her to read bedtime stories and tuck her in, so she's happy and I'm happy!
This mattress was shipped to my door for free and in two days. Great value, comfortable mattress.
This is a great mattress for a child, bought it for my 9 year old grandchild.
This was my first memory foam mattress and it has given me an all new bedding experience altogether! I know there are plenty of variations and pricings to mattress shopping, but I'm no mattress connoisseur. I simply want to be comfortable and not break the bank doing so. This was a purchase on faith based on other customers' reviews and now I am here to add to the list. Well worth the comfort, value, price, and ease of delivery. I used the free shipping to home and had my mattress in 2 days. You can't beat that with expedition!
It didn't had that wired smell that everyone was writing... The mattress is medium soft, its not that hard. Love it...
I bought this mattress for my 15 year old grandson and he says it is great!
I was a little hesitant when I saw how the memory foam queen size mattress was shipped. It was rolled up in a laundry type bag. But when I opened it up and set my mattress on my box spring, after a few hours it was "sprung up". I love it. It is so very comfortable and it is very inexpensive for the quality. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a memory foam mattress.
My daughter gets more rest, sleeps much calmer and deeper. Before had bed wetting problems almost every night, now much better, less "wet nights"
I bought two of the 8" twin mattresses for my kids and they love them. Both sprang up to full height in a few hours with no problems or flat spots. Quite a bit lighter than a Tempurpedic for example, and a bit softer, but very impressive for a great price. Seem well made and materials are better than expected.
I was curious about the memory foam. I am delighted with my purchase. Slept very well. Did not notice any odor after unpacking as some reviews have mentioned
Love my new mattress. It's very comfortable!
Purchased for son with back issues from childhood injury. He loves it.
Pretty nice. Perfect for kids.
I was not sure what to expect at this price point but it is so comfortable. We would definitely purchase again.
The mattress is everything I expected. It takes a little getting use to but it is most definitely better than the sleep number bed that I had. I would definitely recommend the foam mattress to my friends any day over a sleep number bed. It is more comfortable especially with two people sleeping on it.
good product fast delivery hassle free
Good value
We bought this for our travel trailer and love it. It was a great purchase.
This is the 4th mattress I've purchased from Walmart for myself and family members. We're all completely happy with it - unequaled comfort!
As expected
Arrived just as expected. Easy to unpackage. Very nice. Anything more than 8" would be overkill.
I got this for my mom and she loves it. To me it is firm, but she still loves it. Very good price for a mattress in a box
good for its price
Great price for what you're getting definitely recommend my mom will be purchasing one as well she loved it
I bought this for my son for Chrismas. I thought I'd have to hide it because he'd instantly know what it was. But it came in a box that didn't give it away! It was rolled up and vacuum sealed inside. When he got it out of the box and unwrapped it the mattress proofed right up!
He flopped right down on it in the living room floor and I thought I wouldn't get him off so he could put it on his bed :)
He says the only problem with the mattress is that now it's hard for him to want to get outta bed!
We have a Class A RV, and replaced our mattress with this one. It was easy to install, as it is all rolled up, and you can easily get it in the RV and in the bedroom area.
The first mattress was so comfortable that we purchased our second one this year. Great comfort, great value.
Fabulous mattress. Used it to replace our old queen size camper mattress. Perfect firmness. Would not recommend expedited shipping, this did not work out well for me. Still came within about 4 days. I could sleep on this everyday.
For me I like it.
Comparable to expensive tempurpedic brands. Very comfortable and great value! I've already ordered another one.
I have only slept on this bed once as it is my camper. It was very comfortable to me and my dog also liked it. I did not measure yet to see if it actually is 8" but will when I remember and repost. I would recommend this to family or friends. You really can't beat the price for this type of bed. I got the Queen size and it is big.
Great as your everyday bed or as a guest bed. We have it in our guest room and those who have slept on it say it is very comfortable.
We bought two of these for our boys. They love them and are very comfortable. You do have to set up the mattress and let "it rise" overnight to get full volume. We cannot say enough good things about this mattress. You will not regret this purchase.
I purchased this mattress in the full size last year for my then 2 year old daughter's "big girl bed". I decided, this mattress should last for many years to come. When it came in the mail, I thought, no way is there a full sized mattress in there. The box it came in is surprisingly small for that size of a mattress. I didn't waste any time. I opened that baby up and it popped up in no time. I didn't even bother measuring it because I was already impressed. For the price, the quality is fantastic. It exceeded my expectations in every way. The only downfall to it is that yes, it does have a harsh smell at first. I don't have a garage or anything to let it air out in so I just stuck it in the new baby's room with the window open to air it out. #I was still pregnant with the new baby at the time, so there was no harm there#. I let it air out for probably a day, maybe a day and a half. The smell was still present, but bearable. After a few days, I didn't even notice it. This thing is COMFY! I usually like my bed and pillows more on the soft side, but I have laid on this mattress with my daughter and it is dreamy. My husband and I bought a $1000 bed a few years ago and I've considered replacing it with one of these. It's that great in my book. I just placed an order for a second full sized mattress that I plan on using for company that is coming to stay with us and then it will be my youngest daughter's bed when she out grows her crib. The price is excellent, the quality is excellent, and it is super duper comfy. We've had the first one for about a year and a half now and it is still awesome. No complaints here. I have had some friends come over and try it out who are looking for a "big bed" for their little ones and they too are impressed. I cannot see how anyone would have any issues with this bed. It is great in every way. For the price, I am shocked at how awesome it is. I am a stay at home mom and we live on one income, so I can't afford to go all crazy on high end stuff. The way this mattress looks and feels, I feel like I ripped off the company for how cheap this is. I definitely recommend this for anyone of any age.
We found this mattress to be very comfortable and delivered them what it said
This is one soft mattress! Great value too! We put a top mattress under it to raise it up and it made a huge difference! The mattress itself is phenominal!
Although this is the first mattress I ever bought, needless to say, I've slept on my fair share. So, I know a good mattress when I feel one! And believe me when I tell you that as a foam mattress this by far exceeded my expectations. I will never go back to an ordianry spring mattress as long as these are available. The first morning after I felt no back, side, leg,(whatever you can imaging) pain at at all. Its been a week and it's still as new. Also I would like to note that there was no odor from the mattress ( that i could smell) that others have experienced. All in all best bang for your buck and believe me I'm a college student I know ALL about, "stretching a dollar." Lastly, Walmart has this item to my residence within a couple of days from shipping. Placed on a friday and delivered on Wednesday....
This sleeps as good as my Tempur Pedic mattress for a lot less money!
The foam mattress is great! Very helpful for those who have hip stress when sleeping. My daughter who has three of them recommended it to me. I could not believe how quickly it arrived at my door--the next day after ordering it. I recommend it highly. Helen
Ordered this one day got it via FedEx the very next day.

Put the mattress on my bed and it was pretty much fully expanded in a couple hours. There was very little smell. Slept on the mattress same day that I got it. I was apprehensive that the 8 inch mattress would be too thin, but so far that has not been the case. The mattress has been comfortable with the base foam providing adequate support. It has been a huge improvement over my old spring mattress. I am resting better and will never buy anything other than a memory foam mattress in the future.
Bought this queen size bed as a spare room bed and its turned out to be great. It came fast and self inflated quicker than expected. Bought the stand that goes with it, but not sure if we will keep that or build a platform stand for it.
I love my Spa Sensations memory foam mattress it sleeps great. I ordered this for my sister and this is what she said I am thinking about getting 1 for myself!
My parents had this mattress in a guest room I always loved and I just ordered one for my personal bed. I came the next day, expanded quickly and evenly, didn't smell bad and has given me great sleep.
Great mattress and fast delivery. Took it from box and it unrolled it and it fit perfect.
It was delivered in compact packaging. Mattress is heavy so get it delivered to your door step if you are opting for home delivery. I got my mattress delivered for free in 3 days of ordering it.
Very comfortable mattress. Definitely worth every $ spent.
This memory foam mattress is wonderful so worth the money! It dont feel too soft for the first few days and then...oh it feels great. They vaccum pack it so it needs a little time to air back up...it expands pretty fast, just not full potential for a few days. you wont be sorry.I LOVE it. puit it on a daybed and use it daily.
You get exactly what you pay for and this is well beyond my expectation. It is not top notch memory foam but it is more than enough for a comfortable sleep. Just make sure you put this mattress of a flat top bed frame. I used a platform bed from walmart at well and it works perfectly with this mattress for a cheap bedroom set. I do recommend the 12inch foam if you have the money laying around so that the bed is a little bit higher at a more comfortable range. This mattress does not require a box spring for anyone wondering out there.
You can't beat this price! The 8" mattress is definitely thick enough for adults. Even large adults as my best friend tried it out, and she is 6' and 250 pounds. When you first get it out of the box it looks too small, but let it lay flat and in a few hours its expanded. After 48 hours its expanded fully to 8". My only regret is that I ordered from Walmart. NEVER AGAIN. I officially am done shopping there.
Very comfortable, after you get it out of the box. I had to call a friend over to get it out of the box. Now my back hardly hurts at all when I wake up.
It showed up on time and I am very pleased with the Spa Mattress.
My visiting niece got to sleep on it first and we are having trouble sending her home because of the comfort of this mattress.
We will be buying another one for our other bed!
Highly recommend this product from Walmart on Line!
The mattress was nicely sealed in a plastic bag and expanded as soon as you opened it. The mattress is soft but able to offer great support to your whole body. You won't feel that you're going to sink into it. I love this mattress~
Bought Full size for my son he said best sleep ever. There was an issue with Queen size we bought for ourselves did not rise to 8" but called warranty company (all mattresses have 5 year warranty) great customer service filed claim and new mattress was sent out. Parents have not complaints either we agree best sleep ever.
fast shipping easy to open and I didn't wait 48hrs it to full expand only few hours.
It give me great comfort not too hard or too soft.
This matress really impressed us. Great Firmness, Very Comfortable, Twin size is perfect for Guest Rm. Just bought a Rake/Trundle bed and we are definatlely getting another Spa Sensation Mattress for the lower bed.
I fall asleep fast and wake up great with no back pains.. I absolutely love it!!!!
I love this bed, my husband and myself were on the fence about it at first but once it puffed out completely it's like sleeping on a conforming cloud. It's not super hot ~ it seems to disperse your body heat evenly. I would recommend this to anyone!
Bought a queen, a double, and four twins. The whole family loves this mattress. 8" is the right thickness. I rotate 180 every few weeks. I sleep on the firm side for a week every few months.
Was a little skeptical about this mattress but was pleased with it overall.
It unpacked easily and had very little odor. It is very comfortable for an 8 inch mattress! The reviews I read on it were right about this product. I am glad I took the time to read them.
I bought this mattress as a test for a new bunk bed set we purchased. So far, so good. We plan on buying two more soon. Pleasantly surprised in Texas.
This mattress is very comfortable and a good value.
Medium firmness
Exactly as described
Great value
Ordered Cal king size, its a great bed for its price. No bed frame or box spring needed, you can just lay foam bed-slab on the floor!!! Memory foam is a little firm compared to other companies. But once you get used to sleeping on it, you will forget the firmness. Its like sleeping on sand :) It reduced my father's back pain, prior to this he slept on the floor. Loved it so much that ordered this bed for all the bedrooms.
This is my second Spa Sensations memory foam mattress. They are the most comfortable firm mattress I've ever slept on! You simply cannot beat the value for hundreds of dollars more!
i bought this one for my son's birthday gift. we had gotten one about a month earlier, very pleased. dealing with walmart. com is almost too easy in every way. wish i could buy my groceries there i would never go in a store again!
I didn't know if I ordered good item or bad item.
I chose this over Lipid Mattress from amazon but for some reason the price for that had gone very high - full size was $270, so i ordered this instead for $179.

When I got this, I was very satisfied. Sleeping well so far.
So far very good value for money.
This mattress feel's wonderful. After having hip surgery, I could not get comfortable in my bed. This mattress is wonderful for me. I now sleep soundly with less pain in the morning.
Product was as described.
It didn't take the whole 24 hrs. to completely expand and we did not notice any factory smell. It is very comfortable and doesn't transfer motion.
We have an old adjustable bed and I took a chance on this mattress hoping that it would work on it and it is amazing....very comfortable, good quality, dirt cheap.
To recent of a purchase to give a full review but so far so good!! Great night sleep. Waking up well rested.
This bed is really comfortable and firm. Its a really good price for a memory form. I recommend this product.
My son loves his new memory ffoam spa sensations mattress. Bought based on other reviews. Great mattress for the money.
Good for any bed..
I Love this mattress. With me having Sciatica and Rheumatoid in both hips, along with other health issues, I can now sleep comfortably and wake up with no pain shooting through my body.
The quality and price on both the mattress and frame are outstanding.
Thank you for being there for me :)
Not too soft for me
My wife and I are very happy with our purchase. The bed is particularly good for back and stomach sleepers, though a side sleeper can still enjoy it. It is indeed quiet as well as firm with room to sink in to.
I will be ordering another one in the near future!!! This mattress feels so good and very comfy and my kids LOVE it!!!!!
Bed is very comfotable, although it tends to keep the body heat in the mattress, otherwise i would reccomend this bed to all!!
After two serious car accidents, back, neck, arm, leg and hip pain woke me up most nights. Well worth the price for a good night's sleep without pain.
Very comfortable and firm mattress, weird smell first two days but I love this mattress and its a great price, will recommend to friends and family.
I love this mattress, I was really afraid because I never bought a mattress on line without try it first, but I'm sleeping like an angel! it is very comfortable, soft, and I don't have more pain on my bag. I am really happy with my purchase, is my very first memory foam mattress and so far is incredible!
I love how soft it is. Cushions my body. No aches and pains in the morning. I love it!
I was surprise to see a mattress that come in a box so comfortable and do as the video shows,I am happy with my choice,very little pain when get up in the morning it amaze me, would recommend this product at any time ,get one if you are thinking about.
Highly recommended.
We bought this mattress as a sleeper for a semi-truck. It was a little wide but we were able to cut it with an electric carving knife to fit. My dad says it sleeps perfectly and he even ordered another one for their camper. I'm seriously considering getting one of these for our guest bedroom.
Pleasantly surprised with the comfort and ease of use from box to bed
This mattress is a great product, I sleep better on it than any other mattress than I've every slept on. It's soft, but firm at the same time. It expanded almost over night. There is a slight smell, but with in a week it was gone. I would strongly recommend it.
would have definitely liked to have went directly to the store and purchased this item as i have before in the past but told only available on line....just don't like waiting when I want something I want it then.... but product was excellent and shipping was fast, but had to pay extra for that....
This mattress is awesome I can sleep soundly very comfortable
got 2 of these to upgrade kids new beds from twin to full. KIDS LOVE them! (We got 10 in Queen) Price was great compared to other sites I looked at. Took about 12 hours to fully inflate. Kids sleep on them that night and said they were fantastic,best sleep they ever had! Ordered on Tuesday before Christmas, they came next day, a week before excepted delivery. Best purchase we have ever made!!
I'm the kind of sleeper that takes forever to fall asleep and wakes up several times throughout the night. Since I've gotten this bed I fall asleep right away and do not wake up until my alarm is going off the next morning. Once I got used to the firmness I was in love with this bed. I also bought the 4" spa sensations memory foam topper to go with it because I needed extra height but didn't want to spend more money on a taller mattress. This mattress works great with the spa sensations steel frame. Once I opened the plastic cover for it, it began to expand right away and was pretty much expanded fully within the night. I let it air out for about two days and the smell was completely gone. I was able to set up the entire bed by myself and it was extremely easy. This has been my most favorite purchase for myself!
I bought this mattress to put on the bed in our RV. It is light-weight enough to be placed on a storage under bed. It arrived ahead of the estimated shipping time, compressed and rolled into a large box. The mattress expanded quickly and I did not notice any odor. It was fully expanded within 24 hours.

The first weekend we went camping I slept better than I have in a long time. I thought it felt firm, my husband says it feels soft. I suffer from low back pain and noticed that I had less pain sleeping on this mattress. Both of us slept in every morning of that trip, which is unusual.

I was so impressed with this mattress and how well I slept on it, that I have decided to buy the 12 inch king-sized mattress for my bed at home. The 8 inch mattress works perfectly for an RV bed.
This product was an awesome price. Wal-Mart shipped directly to my house very quickly. Can't wait to try this
purchased the 12 inch and loved it so much, we bought the 8 inch to put on top of our ikea futon and make it a permanent guest bed. I'm always hot - my husband's always cool, but this mattress works for both of us. Also, my son recommended it to us - he's had his for almost 2 years and still loves it. Great value for a good nite's sleep!
No body pain....
feeling relaxed...
My daughter hasn't slept on it yet but it seems very comfortable. Used it with a box spring and seems perfect.
Mattress is perfect for our needs, for when guest and kids stay over.
For our usage and budget it was a great value.
this matteress was worth the money and i have been getting the best nites sleep some times morning sleep on it
Love this mattress! My son says it's like sleeping on a cloud!
This product is definitely worth every penny !!
The best sleep I have had since January here in Afghanistan. I had one before and I had to leave it behind when I moved. I just had to get another. I have already recommend the mattress to other personnel here and they also have ordered their own mattress.
Read the reviews. This product meets & exceeds the reviews. I am athletic & 240 pounds. I am now able to sleep on my stomach without feeling as if I am suffocating. The spa sensation 8" memory foam supports without pressing against me. My next mattress will be the 12" if I can afford it even though the 8" suits me perfectly.
We've been shopping relentlessly for a king size bed on a budget. This is a winner. Comes compressed in a box. Once opened, carefully remove the plastic and watch it inflate itself! Read the directions, ppl. The only thing I take a tiny bit of issue with: it slides too easily. The bottom of the mattress cover does not "grab" so it slides when pushed. But NOT while sleeping! :-) I would buy again if I wanted another one.
I debated on buying this mattress, thinking for $200 can this mattress REALLY be that "Great" ?
Well I say YES !! had this bed for almost a full week and its is AMAZINGLY comfortable and I do not wake up feeling stiff or added to pains to my back, as I already have back issues. I and my husband wake up refreshed, renewed! He works the graveyard shift & often complained how he just did not feel "rested" , even tho he would sleep most of the day. NOW he is praising my choice to order this bed, and we are both sleeping better. My tip is to sleep on both end of the bed as it is very firm after it has settled to its normal state, but you will feel so weightless, like its amazing. Also if you are not sure about the density, we put this ontop of our old mattress & box spring, and it makes it even more cushy & comfy, as the manufacturer does say you can use your regular box spring as bottom support. For the price, comfort and FREE SHIPPING! this mattress is so worth buying compared to the other "pricey" advertised beds, this definitely is a great money saving alternative.
Ordering through Wal-Mart online was very efficient. They send several emails keeping you up-to-date with your order. The mattress was packaged well and easy to open and get ready to use. It's a very good value and quality and I highly recommend it.
What a bargain!!!! Great mattress for a great price. Feels no different than the expensive brand of foam mattress that cost 2800 bucks.
So far I have purchased this mattress for 6 family members and myself, its firm and soft at the same time. No more sore back or aches and pains. I have a 10 inch mattress, its too stiff, the 8 inch is perfect!
For the price, you can't beat this mattress. Fit perfectly into my existing futon bed frame. Much more comfortable than the old futon mattress which felt like sleeping on mulch. A well spent 190.00 for a full size mattress. Picked it up at store and box it came in fit into my back seat with room to spare. Highly recommended.
Exactly what I wanted and needed
I bought this for my 13 yr old who was complaining of back pain and said how much she hated her old bed. She is in love with this mattress. I took a nap on it too and I want to get one for myself. I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of this mattress!
Defintely worth the price and a very comfortable mattress.
We are using this mattress as a guess bed and my daughter is soo happy now to come and spend the night. it is everything and more. My husband was really scared when it was delivered but after a few minutes it is 8 high and well worth every penny!!!! SOOOOOO HAPPY my son now wants one and it is so comfortable that i am going to get him one.
Very comfortable.
We love it!
This is a very comfortable mattress for anyone to have and you will discover that yourself the very first time you lay on it and test it out. If you have trouble sleeping through the night this item could be the very thing to help you overcome that. Walmart has this for an excellent price and I am very happy with my purchase.
i purchased this to replace my old mattress that i was using on the platform bed frame i just got.
i have to say this mattress was as described it unfolded and expanded as stated and is very comfortable im very pleased!
This bed is exactly what my girl needed to sleep soundly at night. So soft and comfortable, she loves it so much
great for the back, the whole body really. wonderful. great value.
One if the best buys I ever bought
I've had this mattress a few months and couldn't be more happy with it. I took mine out of the box and laid it flat on the floor for 2 days before putting it on the bed. The entire mattress including the corners expanded fully. I also did not experience the bad odor I've heard a few people complain about in their reviews. You will not find a better mattress for the price!
I purchased this mattress for the bottom level of my daughter's bunk bed. Comfortable & definitely thick enough. Took less than a day to expand to the full 8 inches.
Mattress is so soft and it gives a distinct support yet its firm and fluffy
I've tossed and turned the last 6 months because of back issues so I tossed out the old mattress and got this one. I can now sleep like a baby. (Im typing this while laying on it)
I was slightly skeptical after reading some of the reviews. Since there were enough good reviews, I bought one any way. It was delivered one day late (Not a big issue for me.) I had shopped around for mattresses, they can be expensive. But not this one. I did not have any issues. It expanded to almost 8" (well maybe 7.5" inches.) It is comfortable. Actually really comfortable. A good value for the money.
1st nite was wonderfull :) since then even better since i downsized to a twin from a gueen i wasnt sure:) But every nite im sleeping like a baby LOL
Out of package and left to expand on the floor for 24-hours. Expanded perfectly without valleys or bumps, and to the 8-inch thickness. Might be lucky based on other reviews. Very plush soft feel, but with support. Will see how it lasts.
I've only had this product for a few days but what a diffetence it has made in my ability to get a great nights sleep! I have back problems that keep me awake at night and since getting this memory foam matttess I've had the best sleep in months! My only regret is that I didn't purchase it sooner!!
This is an excellent buy, order was received in 3 days, expanded in less than a day, woke up everyday without any pain in back or neck...
And you can't beat the price at Walmart....
I purchased this mattress so that I could adjust the upper portion to relieve discomfort from acid reflux. It works well!
Bed was for my son it is super soft He loves it. It can hold me also at 200 lbs never even able to make it touch the ground. The cover is made of soft fabric and can come off also. Love it easy to move.
It's just what we needed. Great quality.
Okay i got this Mattress site to store. U dont need a big ol truck to lug it away when its packaged. I drove it home in my two door mustang. i usually toss and turn alot when i sleep and this mattress has just been a dream for my back. I just moved into an apt so its on the floor with no box spring and it still feels fantastic. I recommend this for people that maybe work out alot or just plain work alot its a dream on ur back and head. The only downside i when u first open it it has a funny smell. leave it near an open window for a week dabble a lil fabreeze or perfume and the smell goes away.
We ordered this mattress for our daughters full size bed. It shipped super fast and is so comfortable! It is even more comfortable than my $600 gel memory foam mattress! Great buy!
This is awesome to sleep on , nuf said. And you can not beat the price.
bed is as good as ad says
We had bought one of these in twin size for our daughter's bed, and I instantly knew that I had to have one as well!! We just bought our king sized mattress and it is just as wonderful! It may feel a little stiff, but it feels wonderful on your back - especially if you have a bad back, etc.
Highly recommend this product. Very comfortable and great price.
Excellent product!!! Got my sleep back...value for money...first 2-3 days there was some strange smell..started using after that and then I had no issues..get proper sleep in the night as opposed to on my earlier IKEA spring mattress ..I bought the 8 inch queen one..size is perfect for my bed...loved this purchase
I absolutely love this mattress, it is so much more than I was expecting. It comes In a small box as the air has been vacuumed put but it expands instantly. I slept on it that first night. It's super thick and super software, like sleeping on a cloud.
Great price for this nice mattress. It was delivered to my doorstep in a few days, unfolded and was in its original shape in one day, had no chemical odor. It is what we would consider to be medium firmness, almost soft. I think it is worth the money & cost only $5 for quicker shipping. We have recommended this mattress to many friends.
This item was for my daughter she loves it
This mattress is the most comfortable mattress !
Especially for a mattress in a box you wouldn't expect such comfortable nights sleep, a very inexpensive but high rating , and compare to other top name mattress 's !
I would definitely recommend it to any one looking for comfort . I Love It !!
I got this to replace my worn out matress and box springs set that was sagging and really hurting my back. I also bought the frame they recommend to make sure it has a sturdy support system. Wonderfully comfortable. Not too soft and not too firm. No more back pain for me. Love it.
It was a great purchase!!! My son loves his bed, it is very comfortable.
Firm enough but not too soft, about middle firm. Not for those that like hard mattresses. For the price, can't be beat. Delivers to your door in a box that will fit in your car.
Bought the king sized version of this mattress for my wife and I on recommendation of coworkers. We love it, and when we updated our toddler's room, bought a different sized bed and needed a new mattress. Seemed like a no brainer. He loves the bed and has been sleeping soundly, so I'm guessing he likes the mattress, as well.
Arrived before we expected and was very comfortable. I am looking for a higher mattress for my son's room. Will buy another one like this.
I bought a sports car bed and set for my nephew. I forgot to get the mattress and ordered it after the fact. The mattress came two days early and they love it!
Great value for the price. Very comfortable.
We had bought a similar mattress from another store and loved it. So when we saw this one from walmart, we took a chance since it was going in our guest room. It was just as comfortable as the more expensive one we bought at a higher price.
The mattress arrived early than expected. I followed the instructions and it did exactly what they say will do. It rises to 8'' within 72 hours. It feels great sleeping on it. When I read this reviews here, there is something said about the smell when you open the new box. The instructions talked about the smell and you have to let it air 48-72 hours before covered with bed sheets. The smell faded away with in couple of days. I am Very Very Happy with this purchase!!!
Perfect for an adult size bunk bed. Very comfortable! Equal to the comfort of the 12" I bought at the same time.
Bought two of these for my kids as we all loved our Sealy memory foam, and now I find I like their mattresses better!
Got this with daybed. Extremely comfortable with lots of support. Great find.
I was a little worried buying a memory foam mattress online but with all the good reviews I thought I would give it a try. I had it shipped to the store because I live in apartment and worried about it being outside my door. I figured I would need a u-haul pick it up because it's a king size and I only drive a Honda accord. But after I received the dimensions of the package it turned out that I could fit it and the platform I bought in my car. The mattress comes super vacuum packed and expands to incredible size quickly. It's perfect in my opinion
I haven't slept this good in 4 years! My twin was making me toss and turn. The queen size upgrade and memory foam make for a great night sleep. Now it's hard getting out of it on the weekends:-)
Needed to replace a worn out "system" and didn't want to spend a fortune. Read good reviews on this mattress and decided to give it a try despite some skepticism. There was a glitch in the shipping but that could have been weather related so can't complain. Unpleasant odor was minor and dissipated quickly. The mattress expanded to full 8 inch thickness in about 10 minutes and I slept on it after about 6 hours. I was amazed at how comfortable this mattress is. So glad I decided to take a chance. I feel like I just saved about $1000 and got something just as good. Great deal!!
Was a little wary of buying a matteress online. The price was good and we desperately needed a new matteress.
Excellent buy. Had "fun" taking it out of the box and watching it expand to normal size.
Still wasn't sure of memory foam. Had never tried it. But now we are sleeping soundly with no backache orpressure. The top is soft and forms to your body while underneath it is firm and supports your weight.
Great mattress for this price
When I saw the box this mattress was delivered in, I couldn't see how this would turn into one of the most comfortable beds I've slept in. And what's even better is the very low affordable price. I love it!!
was leery at first but after receiving this mattress and allowing the 48 hrs for expansion i am fully satisified this is pure comfort really good value
A lot better than I expected and very comfortable. The best $200 I ever spent!
I brought it for my daughter and she love it
The title says it all. If you want a great foam mattress for an extremely low price I would recommend this item.
This product was one of the best purchases ive ever made. Worth every penny that we spent for it!
My granddaughter said the mattress is perfect for her girls.
I purchased this mattress for my teenage daughter she says it's really soft and she's sleeping well. She even said Thanks Mommy!
Love it
I was very skeptical at first due to the source and the low price in comparison to most memory foam mattresses, but the high customer reviews warranted the risk and I am completely satisfied with the product.

When choosing a firmness level (from 1 to 4) take your body weight into account. I couldn't decide between 2 and 3 but then realized that my fiance and I, being lighter than the average adult, would have a harder time forming to a firmer mattress. I weigh around 150 pounds and level two is great for me.
Great value and great product. Sleep like a baby!
I've had this mattress a couple months now and its the best mattress I've ever owned I recommend foam mattress anybody that needs to get rest
Mattress was nice and soft as well as firm. I love it.
I am so glad that I made this purchase. this mattress is 10 times better then the piece of junk that I slept on beforehand it cost several times more. if you need a mattress for a second bedroom or even a first bedroom like I am using mine get this mattress and feel comfortable about it.
the only con that I have is that there is a rubbery smell to it. I bought a $5 mattress cover that zips around it and I don't smell it at all and my mattress is also protected against spells or leaks from children.
fantastic comfort for sleeping. Firm yet soft. Very good value for cost of mattress. Highly recommend.
Well worth the money. Lives up to the description.
We wanted a inexpensive mattress for our 5th wheel. I was nervous that it wouldn't be comfortable , but wow! I'm almost ready to haul it into the house on my own bed. Super comfortable
Love it perfect for the camper nice comfy mattress you feel right at home!!!
I bought this mattress (queen) for my guest room and I have not slept in my bed since. This mattress feels so great! The mattress had reached 8 inches by 24 hrs. There was no noticeable smell. I also bought a fitted vinyl mattress protector and a mattress pad to protect the beautiful cover on the mattress while providing a cloth (very minimal padded) surface. I am currently replacing my mattress (in master bedroom) due to a claim issue and I may purchase a 2" memory foam topper for that bed. Hopefully, I can return to my bedroom soon. I highly recommend this mattress and i am very happy with this purchase.
I had family over and they slept on this bed before I was able to. Once I gave it a try I could definitely understand why they were giving so much praise to the sleep that they were getting. This bed is extremely comfortable and soft. I would recommend this to anyone.
It is the most unbelievable sleep experience. You can not read in bed because your body will start to sink into the foam and before you know it you are in a sleeping position and it didn't take too long to get that way. The body sinks into a comfortable position and you don't want to move. When you re-position the foam moves you gently into another position and there is no need to move again. It is like on the beach when the sand is so soft it kind of makes an impression in the sand where the body just sinks into it. At bedtime it seems like I sink into the same position as if the foam has a memory of my body. Never going back to a regular mattress again. Truly there is nothing like it.
I had doubt's about purchasing this mattress thinking it make be too thin, but for an 8" mattress it is amazingly comfortable. I would definitely recommend all my friends to purchase this mattress.
These mattresses are very impressive. I bought them for my grand children's bunk beds, but I must say I would not mind having one of my own on my king bed!
Comfortable
Great to sleep on. My new mattress was too hard so I decided to try this instead of another mattress. Solved my problem.
Bought this for my daughters bed. She had a traditional mattress before and complained it was starting to hurt her back so we ordered this not wanting to break the bank. I had ordered a queen for myself a couple years ago and love it still. The only downside to these mattresses are that you do have to let them expand and air out for a couple days before you try and sleep on them. There is a strong chemical smell when they first come out of box but it does eventually fade after few days.
I might just switch beds with my child. This mattress is so comfortable.
this mattress is extremely comfortable better than the one I paid $1000 for 3 years ago and is worn out. I got this for cost and convenience but the comfort is the big bonus here. my son loves it.
Very comfortable and the price was better then any other location. The delivery was free and within 3-4 days had arrived, quite a nice surprise.
In my experience you cannot find a bed this nice for the price. We own a few memory foam mattresses that we paid a lot more for and I have to say that this Walmart one is just as nice. I hope it wears the same. Overall the price and what you are getting for it are well worth it!!
Husband and I bought this because we wanted a bigger bed. We saw all of the positive reviews and decided to buy it. We ordered it and were excited when it arrived. Set-up was quick and simple and it is the most comfortable bed I have ever slept on. I have a condition that causes back pain and this has helped me wake up so much more rested and feeling refreshed. It's definitely help my husband's insomnia as well. This is our favorite purchase by far.
wow i was impressed ordered this mattress with a frame and it came in 4 days to my door. Easy set up got the the full size for our 22 year old and it is very comfortable. And it has a 10 year warranty
This mattress is wonderful! So comfortable. Firm but soft. The price is so low I'll be buying these over and over when needed. Don't hesitate but be sure to air it out to get rid of that memory foam smell.
This product is of high quality
I am incredibly pleased with my mattress. I seldom toss and turn during the night and wake less frequently now that I have converted to a memory foam mattress. I plan on purchasing several twin sized Spa Sensations when I am ready to purchase new mattresses for my sons.
Great value and comfort.
I'm so thrilled with this mattress. I do own a Temperpedic for my home and I got this one for my RV. It did pop up immediately to the 8". Plus we didn't open it right away, we probably had it a week before taking out of package. Directions said to take out immediately. RV queen mattresses are 5" shorter than traditional mattresses but cost more than $400. This one comes with a zipper cover. We cut it off 5" with an exacto knife and zipped the cover back on and "voila' a very expensive RV mattress for $150. It is very comfortable and perfect. I couldn't be happier.
I bought this for my daughter and she called to let me know how great this mattress was, I definitely would buy this mattress if I needed one, Thanks!!!
We bought this for our cottage and were pleasantly surprised by it's comfort. I plan on getting one for my son and am considering getting one for us at home. I didn't notice any odor, but we let it expand on our porch for 24hrs. before we brought it in the house. It came in a fairly small box (considering it's a mattress) and was protected by a plastic cover. The cloth cover that covers it is very nice and will keep the foam from getting smelly and tearing. Very nice for the price.
Nice, soft, came up to 8 inches after we left it to inflate over 48 hrs per instructions. Bought for my 8 yr old boy who loved it. For $89 it was a great purchase.
It has only been a couple of weeks, but if you like a firm feeling with a soft top, this mattress will work great for you. Its extremely affordable too, so as for the money you can't beat it. I usually have lower back pain on a soft mattress, but this one doesn't do it. I pretty much stay in the same place all night.
I only recently purchased this mattress, but so far I have really enjoyed it and have slept better than I have in years. I only put it on top of a box spring, but in my opinion that is all you need It is soft to lay on, but hard enough that you do not have so many aches and pain in the morning. I would recommend it to any one that really wants a firm mattress.
Was a little nervous with the "mattress in a box" concept. Purchased a full size mattress for my college student. When we moved her into her apartment, we unboxed and unfolded the mattress per the directions and let it decompress while we moved her other furniture in and got everything situated. After we put her bed together, we popped the mattress in. She loves it. Tried it out myself and found it to be very soft, very comfy. Would purchase again.
this mattress is a perfect combination of performance and price. if you spent an extra thousand dollars you might get a better mattress with more high-tech features...but I have two 100 pound sons that needed a good mattress to sleep on without me having to take out a second mortgage on our house....and this mattress fit the bill perfectly! great product - thank you Walmart!
I love my new mattress.
I love this mattress. It has helped immensly with my lower back pain (arthritis). An excellent value.
My teenage daughter adores her full-size memory foam mattress. What pleased me was the price, closely followed by the convenience that a mattress could fit in a box in my minivan! The smell was not as offensive as some reviewers mentioned, and any odd odor wafted away after half a day. I just wish these types came with handles, so that I could rotate the mattress on the bedframe, but it probably won't be that necessary given the memory foam.
This is a cheap option to luxury. My son loves this mattress. I will recommended it to anyone. He had told me that this is the best sleep ever.
This mattress arrived a day early. Good shipping. The packaging opened easily and the mattress unfolded well. It expanded to 7 1/2 inches in an hour. We used it in 24 hours. Sleepers with a bad back might need to sleep on their side or use a leg pillow.
Not much smell of foam. Great price and value. This is for the guest bedroom. My guests are very happy and sleeping comfortably. I recommend this 8 inch mattress.
Even my husband loves this mattress. My kids have memory foam matresses on their beds and ever since I bought them, he said they only felt "okay" to him. I suppose being kids mattresses they weren't that thick and so he just didn't understand the hype.

But this mattress, has well surpassed my expectations and his. He's never really been comfortable in our old bed which was lumpy and bumpy and didn't last past the first year we got it. He would have to do other things just to relax first before going to sleep. But this bed is firm but has the right amount of softness to it and keeps its shape.

Now, when he gets home from his job, or, doing yardwork, he's able to just lay down and immediately go to sleep. It really is that comfortable. And then to get it at the price I did, made this buy even more perfect.

I would recommed this mattress to everyone. There is no way to be dissappointed.
I bought this mattress when I moved into my very first apartment. I knew I wanted a memory foam mattress and the price was right with this one. It expanded very quickly, and I slept on it the same night I got it. Many of the reviews say the smell is overwhelming and terrible, and it is true that it has an odor, but I did not find it overwhelming. Really, I could only smell it when I put my face directly into the mattress, but sleeping with my head on a pillow like I normally do I couldn't really smell it even that first night. This is the most comfortable mattress I have ever slept on!
i love my new mattress-----i used to wake up every 2 hours to get comfortable-now-----i sleep all nite! all nite long! well worth it. it's a steal!

some said there was an odor and that it took along time for the mattress to puff up. mine had no odor and it was to full size within 2 hours! i couldn't wait to get on it! :-)
I ordred this mattress out or desperation. I have a pinched nerve in my lumbar. My usual mattress is about 2" of dense foam. No matter what position I took on the 2" foam, the pain was excruciating.
This mattress came to my door in 3 days, an popped up in about 36 hours. The fitted sheet fitted.
Now when I lie down, the pressure is off my spine. Sleep comes again.
Even though this mattress is soft, it is also firm, if that makes sense. It gives my body support, gently.
If you need this type of mattress, it's a great buy and gives a great night's sleep.
We needed an extra bed for when the grandchildren visit. This is a great solution. I have had several good nights of sleep on it. Very comfortable.
I purchased this bed because I wanted something affordable to use in my apartment that I only plan to be in for a short amount of time. I couldn't be happier with the mattress. It is the perfect mix of firm and soft. Important to note - I put a spa sensations topper (which I already had) on it, which I feel added to the comfort ... so I recommend that as well.
We first bought the 4" for our queen bed in our cabin because the bed was so hard. It worked wonderful and now we can sleep in every weekend we are there because of the comfort it gives. Last fall we bought a new camper and never used it until this fall much because the bed was unbearable!!! We decided one again to give the Spa sensation 8" a try as a replacement mattress. I am once again very pleased as is my husband. It is a true 8" mattress and when I looked at other places to purchase they couldn't even come close to the price. The only thing I could say negative is the orginal smell when its opened, however it is gone in a day or so depending on where you are airing it out. Very pleased may be purchasing a third one for my daughters bed!!!! WONDERFUL PRODUCT, WONDERFUL PRICE!!
I find when I lay down on this awesome bed that at first its pretty firm but after a bit of tooling around on it its perfect.
Was very skeptical about the claim some reviewers wrote indicating waking up with little less muscle ache and sleeping more soundly compared to a spring mattress but to my surprise the 8" memory foam mattress is performing more than expected. Took several weeks for the chemical plastic smell to air out but quite happy with the price and overall purchase.
bought to replace a futon mattress. Fits perfectly. Sleeps so much better! Bought for my son. May have to look into one for our bed.
We were looking into buying a memory foam for years, my husband has 14 yrs in the military and has shoulder problems and we were going to spend the money on a Temperpedic but then I had though why not try this first...We LOVE IT!!! for the money it is well worth it!...I DEF recommend this product!
This mattress is great. I bought mine to make my Dodge Caravan a camper for traveling. I removed all the back seats & put this mattress in the back.
The twin size still leaves some room for gear. The mattress is extremely comfortable & firm.
It helps my back feel better as opposed to a too-soft air mattress or coil spring mattress. Highly recommended!
The mattress only took about 4 hours to reach full expansion. I still let it sit for about 24 hours just to be sure. The cover is so soft that I didn't want to put sheets on it. The cover has a zipper that starts at the end and continues up one side. The cover would be easily removed for washing. I put the mattress on a regular bad frame and added curved slats that I bought at another store. I would suggest that a bed rail system made for a foot board be used. The bed frame system designed for NO foot board may be about 10 inches too short. I love this mattress!
This is an excellent product and it came much quicker than we had expected. I am very happy with this product. Would like to purchase a thicker mattress in the future.
the small box was at the door was deceiving.. after the mattress was unrolled and allowed to breath, it puffed right up.. it's firm and yet soft enough to contour to your body.. months later, still the most comfy night's sleep i've had. love this mattress. can't beat the price.
Love it
Wonderful comfortable affordable
Use to toss and turn all night. Not anymore. I love this mattress
Worrh the value
This mattress is amazing. The most comfortable thing I have ever slept on. It doesn't make a sound when getting in and out of bed. It is wonderful!
This is an excellent foam mattress with a memory foam top. The mattress is pleasingly firm, but with the soft top to alleviate pressure points. My daughter purchased one, and I loved it so much, that I bought myself one, too! There is a slight smell upon opening the package, but it goes away, and is not disgusting nor unbearable. I recommend this mattress.
Worked fine. Very firm.
This mattress is divine! I bought it for my son's room and now want to buy similar mattresses for the whole family! It is so comfortable and is a fabulous value!!! I picked up the box at site-to-store and it was easy to get it in the house by myself. My 7-year-old thought it was so much fun to watch it "grow" to the full size! I won't ever buy another spring mattress again!!!
Very comfortable. Arrived early. The only issue is that the smell still did not go away after a week.
Amazing mattress. I highly recommend it. I was nervous at first, but it's definitely worth the gamble.
i read other customers review , i was asuming there would be a smell , not true
best bang for the bug , keep this in mind its its under 300.00
foam comes in a cover
Very comfy and just so nice to sleep on. Would definitely recommend for anyone who is in need of a mattress.
Bought this for my daughters bed it is very comfortable just like the 12" that we have in our room.
Delivered on time, easy set up and very comfortable.
This is the most comfortable mattress I have ever had. I highly recommend this mattress to anyone. In fact I already have. It is an excellent value.
This is the second mattress we have purchased. The first one is on our bed, have had it over a year and is like brand new. A couple of weeks ago we purchased another one for the spare bedroom. We love it. And the price is RIGHT. Feels firm when you first lay down but is very comfortable. We gave our regular mattress away and placed this one on top of our box springs.
This product is amazing! It was a great price and its soooo comfy!!!!! So worth it.
I waited several months before submitting this review because I purchased it for a guest room....and had to wait for a couple different guests! Well, their reviews are in and all said that it was very comfortable. Not sure that this would be thick enough for nightly use in our master bedroom, but, for the money, this is a great purchase for our guest room.
I bought this bed a year ago for myself and I love it. I just bought this one for my daughter and son in law. There's no gift better than the gift of rest.
Use on top of mattress save a lot of money instead of buying new mattress
Bought this to replace my daughter's very worn out twin sized mattress. It is AWESOME! She loves it and sleeps much better than on her old innerspring one.
Its a great product and especially for the price. Thank you
I have owned a premium tempur mattress which cost 6 times the price of this 5 years ago! There are three major differences between them and I will list them here. The original came with a 20year warranty, the new one 5. There is nothing in either to ever justify a warranty return so this is irrelevant. The original allows me to select a support level, but once done this is unlikely ever to change, the Spa mattress does not. The original required no conditioning as did the Spa Sensations but the 24hours to allow full expansion is an inconvenience for only one day and is well worthwhile. Both mattresses ensure deeper sleep and waking refreshed without lumbar pain and both naturally minimize movement during sleep. This is excellent value.
I firmly believe (no pun intended) there will be no need for brick and mortar, old-school mattress stores in the future.

Memory foam is a long-lasting, easy to ship, affordable and more comfortable solution!

This is a great mattress, at a better price than comparables.
I love my mattress .
I have owned the memory foam mattress pads in the past and have enjoyed them. This time around I figured I'd purchase an actual memory foam mattress. In the past, these mattresses have ranged from $800 to $1300, which is out of my price range. This mattress is wonderful. It's a true memory foam mattress which means no pressure points on the body, and no center mattress sagging after a few years of use. Super comfortable and provides a great nights sleep for a great low price.
This mattress is GREAT!!!!!! Yeah, the smell was powerful the first day, but after that, no problem. As for how it looks, who cares! I put a mattress cover on it. I haven't slept this good in a looooooooong time!!!!
The mattress is soft and fluffy but is firm as well. It is very comfortable and relaxing to sleep on. It can get a little warm due to the material it is made of.
I have always loved memory foam and for this price, how could you not! The price is amazing and I havent seen anything even close to this low price. I had this in a Queen before and now in a King, and will never switch to regular mattresses again.

The only thing is that if you do not like firm beds then this is not for you. The sinking in feeling is mild.

The best part about memory foam is that you could be tossing and turning all night and the person sleeping next to you wouldnt ever know.
So I know some people are picky about actually measuring their mattress when it arrives, yet they don't
don't read a little read the sign that states "because of the properties of decompressing a foam mattress product will vary. Which means that it may or may not expand to a full 8inches might be 7.5 or other who cares. Also i am using a twin mattress with ikeas cheapest $30 twin bed with the more expansive wood slates and that brings the mattress from a firm to medium firm/soft. Its great. I love it and get better sleep too. The price you can't beat! Heck its better than the temperpedic thousand dollar mattress that i did try!
This is an awesome mattress! Firm, yet it seems as if you were sleeping on clouds. I've recommended to everyone I know to get this mattress.
We bought this item to use in our RV, what a great choice we made for the money considering RV mattress can run between 200.00 - 1600.00.
This was a great choice.
I have had this mattress for two weeks now. It is a great mattress. It only took a day for it to fully expand. I didn't smell any odors either. But it is very comfortable and it really supports my back. I have back problems and the mattress really helps with it. A great deal!
I have hip bursitis and have an adjustable bed which had a Latex matress that had just given out. Priced new ones, just too expensive. Have been thinking about this one for some time and since rollback pricing decided to give it a try. Did site to store--perfect. Juat like other reviews stated set up a breeze. Did have a little odor but opened the window, put a box fan in and in 1 day odor was gone.Epanded to about 6" in a few hours, now almost to full 8". I tried sleeping on it without any topper on it and found it was a little too hard and too hot so i purchased a cheap foam topper, along with my padded mattress cover and it worked great. Works perfect with my adjustable bed just seems to slip down a little but for the price I can push it up to the head of the bed every few days. Very happy!!
My husband and I both love everything about this mattress!! We highly recommend it.
This is a great mattress, very comfortable and a very good value for the money.
I havent found a mattress quite like this one before and I am very pleased with it. I found other matresses to be only a max of 6" and much more expensive...this one is 8" and quite the value for the money. AND quite comfortable too!
Ordered the queen size for $200 (it was on rollback). It came in less than a week. I was really surprised at how small the package was, and so were the walmart associates who couldn't find the mattress since it was packaged in a really small box that could be fit in the backseat of a 4 door sedan. Once we cut open the box and packaging and let the matress expand, it only took half a day for it to get to its full size, we checked with a measuring tape. The chemical smell isn't awful but if you have a sensitive nose, you'll definitely smell it. The mattress itself totally went above and beyond our expectations. It's firm, exactly what we were looking for, and yet you feel weightless when you're on it because it's a foam mattress. We couldn't be happier with it. Overall, a great value.
I am so pleased with the memory foam mattress that i purchased. It was delivered on a saturday in a small box as i had anticipated. I had read all the review before buying the mattress and was still a little nervous about spending 230 (includes shipping) on a mattress i had never laid on before. Once I opened it, it expanded to a full size and 8 inches as expected. Now i lay on it and i never want to get out of bed! All my friends that lay on it say its the most comfortable bed they have ever laid on before and love it. Since owning this bed, I've had the best sleep i have ever had and dont wake up to anything! It molds right into your body! I dont even need a matress pad, but im sure thats just personal preference. it is firm, but its not hard, like as if you would be sleeping on a spring matress. Its.. foam! Wonderful product, 100% satisfied.
great value and great mattress, ordered a twin size for my toddler and plan on ordering one for our bed now! There was an odor but it wasn't terrible, and it went away quickly.
FANTASTIC mattress! It came in a small box & fit in the back seat of my car. It expanded very quickly. It did need to be aired out. Very comfortable, looks great and for just over $100 I don't even care how long it lasts. It is used for an elderly person who is very thin. She is sleeping like a baby. It is being used with a hospital adjustable bed and works wonderfully. I would suggest using Jersy sheets it's a great match. Soft, flexible and fits like a glove that moves with the bed & yet stays attached. Thanks!
good sleeping ,fewer pains
worth the money
Really comfy mattress and I have it on a sofa bed, I replaced the sofa bed with this mattress and it works great!
Got this for our new daybed. Firm but still comfortable and gives when you sit and sleep on it. Super purchase!
i really appreciate walmart for such high quality product at really low price......u wont get this comfort for this price....if u go out to buy memory foam mattress in any retail location, you will definately spend double the amount what you spend here...this is the second mattress i buying from walmart.com and personally recommended to 2-3 of my friends..its really comfortable,easy to use,long lasting,no strong odor,easy handling and lots more......
I sent this mattress to my 6'7" son who is an athelete for the University of Texas in Austin. He says he loves it. He said it is very comfortable and he has a hard time getting out of bed in the morning. Now I am thinking I will try one in our home.
This is a very nice product. It sleeps very well.
this mattress is nice n lovely to sleep on it is comfortable
n keeps me warm thank you n shipping was fast n great
we had no problems this is a good mattress for me thanks again
I like the mattress, I found it comfortable and supportive. The smell from it is noticable and hangs around awhile. If you buy this matress try to have the 48 hrs it needs to reshape its self and hopefully air out before you sleep on it. But otherwise a good buy and good night sleep
I love this mattress! My husband and I had bought a queen memory foam mattress from walmart before and we loved it. Then we decided we wanted a bigger bed and this mattress just seemed like the best all around! This is a really great price! My parents bought a mattress just like this from a furniture store and paid 900 for it! I have no complaints!
I purchased a full sized mattress to help with my lower back pain. I have been using it for about 3 weeks and haven't had any problems. I have recommended to most of my family and friends. It is very soft and comfortable. If you prefer a firm mattress I wouldn't recommend it for you. I am now considering upgrading to a queen size as the price is very reasonable and the shipping was fast.
I bought this to use in a motorhome that has twin beds. However, they are not standard twins in size. I bought the king size and using an electric carving knife, like you would use for turkey dinner, to cut it down to the size I needed. It worked fine and we are happy with the results. A good product and you can't beat the price compared to having them custom made to fit.
This is, without a doubt, THE most comfortable mattress I have ever slept on. There was no chemical smell, as stated in other reviews, so that may just be a matter of how sensitive your sense of smell is, and it was ready to sleep on 12 hours after we opened it (It arrives at about noon, and we opened it right away before going to bed around midnight, as per usual). My husband has a bad back and usually wakes up with pain in his lower back area, and he says it's gotten MUCH better since getting this mattress. In his words "It no longer feels like someone beat me with a sock filled with doorknobs while I was asleep."

Definitely a great value for the money, and EASILY comparable to other brand name memory foam mattresses. Don't waste thousands on a Tempurpedic, buy this instead.
Love this 8 inch memory foam mattress. Very comfortable. Great quality. Amazing price. I would highly recommend this product.
I don't want to get out of bed with this mattress! I would be surprised if anyone was dissatisfied after purchasing one of these. The only complaint I could come up with is that it has a "new" smell for awhile after you get it, but it's really not a big deal.
I love my new mattress and am sleeping great on it. It couldn't be easier. You will be amazed at what comes out of that box. Small box - big mattress.
Its exactly what I expected for the price. If you like soft cuddly beds, there is nothing else like this mattress. If, on the other hand, you like hard mattresses, stay away from this mattress. I don't know why I did not get one sooner, its perfect for me, and I have never felt so pampered by a mattress.
At first I seen the bed and thought it would be uncomfortable. I thought this because it seemed a little thin but after sleeping on it that was not the case! Your body sinks in to the matress making it extremely comfortable. The matress width is actually perfect size I was just used to a thicker traditional style matress. I am really glad I purchased this item!
Oh my word!!!!! There aren't words good enough to describe the sleep you'll get on this mattress!!!! I will be honest and tell you that the 1st night won't be great because it doesn't sleep like a regular mattress. After the 1st night though, you will wonder how you ever slept without it! Everyone who just sits on my bed falls in love with it! I will NEVER not have a memory foam mattress again!
Think of yourself as an Angel and this mattress is your cloud! Its fantastic. Back ache? Gone! Waking up rested? YES! I was leary at first buying the 8" vrs. the 12", but it was a good move! saved me money and is perfect. How much do I LOVE this bed? Well, after I had mine for 8 months and decided I was STILL in love with it, I went and bought one for my son, my brother and my uncle!!
I got it for my daughter and she love it ! and still like NEW

I'm getting one for me lol
I purchased this mattress to replace a waterbed that we had slept on since the 80"s..Thought we should get updated lol...Well it was shipped rather fast and it was amazing how it took it's shape.It took some time getting use to sleeping on,since we were use to sleeping on water!But we did and we just love it!
I love memory foam mattresses, but I couldn't afford a tempurpedic at this point. (I had one in the past)....so I bought this, and am very happy with it. The smell wasn't bad when I opened it, and it was in a small enough box for me (a female) to take from the store to my 2nd floor apartment on my own.
I had a regular, pillow top mattress but kept waking up with a pain in my lower back. This mattress is so much better, no more back pain! My cat and I sleep very well on it. I highly recommend it for the value.
I took a chance and bought this mattress for my son and we love it!! It's soft and comfortable. I would highly recommend it. I paid $1500 for a king sized Serta mattress less than a year ago for my husband and I and it is the biggest waste of money. I could have bought a king size Spa Sensations for 1/3 of the price, makes me sick. But now I know. It's not too soft, it's perfect. You won't be sorry.
Great Mattress for a fraction of cost of a Temperpedic! I highly recommend this! Great night's sleep, used to go to bed fine and wake up with a backache, now when I go to bed with a backache I wake up without one!
So far so good. Ive had it about 2 weeks and so far the only complaint i have is not wanting to get out of bed in the mornings.
i bought this bed solely on customer reviews and It has been well worth its money so far.
I just Love this Mattress.. Didn't smell,was at Full size in about an Hour..I got my Mattress sooner than thought..First night was Hard to sleep on but after that got Softer and I haven' slept this good in Years...
Just as comfortable as a mattress but a lot cheaper!
This is a great mattress. It is being used on the floor right now and is still super comfy. For the small price tag this is a terrific product.
Comfortable for an extra bed. Used without boxspring on platform bed.
I was very glad to receive this mattress today. It is very comfortable and affordable. The only thing is that once it is unpackaged there is a chemical smell, but according to the directions the smell should diminish in a few days. I am also making plans to buy another one for my son! I am very well-pleased with this product. What a comfortable mattress and a great buy!
It was cheaper & quicker to pay $5 to have it sent to my door versus site-to--store pickup. It came in a box that made me think it was only a mattress pad, but it was vacuum-sealed. Once I got it set up, it was the best sleep I've had in a long time.
I have been sleeping on this bed for almost 2 weeks. My back does not hurt and I find myself sleeping on my back. When you first lay on it the bed seems hard but them it starts to mold around your body. Even my kids have slepted on the bed and I swear they did not move all night. Which is rare for a 2 and 4 year old. As for the smell when you first open up the package it does have a slight smell but it goes away fairly soon. This bed is worth the money.
Amazing, since day 1 i was able to use it , took another day to totally expand, there is a small odor coming from the foam but 1 week later is like it was never there.
I love my new bed!! My back aches went away and it's so reasonably priced
Expanded to the full 8" within a few hours. Did not really notice any smell. Took a few nights to get used to it (more firm than I am used to), but now it feels great!
I have a very bad back, and I have been searching all over for a mattress that can help support me while asleep, so I do not wake up in the middle of the night trying to get comfortable or wake up in pain.
I was looking into a tempurpedic mattress and for the same comfort..I paid 75% less..I am very happy with this mattress and I now sleep through the night and wake pain free..
Mattress is everything I expected. Very comfortable and supportive/firm; conforms to you as memory foam does. My lower back has felt so much better only having slept on it for two weeks. Very little smell when opened and inflated to its full size in about a day. Came in a box small enough to fit in the front seat of my civic with the seat down. Currently have it on the floor but ordered the platform frame to put it on. I would buy another one if needed.
This is a really good matress, the first four days, it was a little hard, but after that it became stable, but not too soft. It is really confortable, I have enjoyed other top matresses, but this is great for the price, I will recommend this to anybody
I bought this bed for my kids, and they love it. I couldn't believe how comfortable it was and for the price it can't be beat. Didn't get the foul odor as some have said. The mattress expanded to its advertised size.
I purchased the twin size & I only use it 2-3 nights a week when I fall asleep in my home office. I read in several of the reviews that this mattress is firm & that is one of the reasons I purchased it. I like a firm mattress so it works great for me. My 8 year old nephew also sleeps in this bed when he spends the night and he talks about how good it feels.
My Brother in law told me it was the most comfortable mattress he ever had. We bought it and agree!
This is the first mattress that I have really felt comfortable on. I would recommend this product to anyone.
I am super happy with my bed! Thank you! The delivery time frames was perfect.
I just received this product after reading the many positive reviews on this website. It's for my 2-year-old, so I can't attest to it's all-night comfort, but I can attest to the great customer service and quick shipping I received on this! I ordered it on a Thursday afternoon, and it said I could expect to receive it the following Tues through Fri. I received an email on the next day, Friday, that the item had shipped. It ARRIVED the very next day, before 9AM on Saturday morning via FedEx.

Very happy with the service and I expect, based on the many great reviews, that we'll be happy with this product. It fits perfectly on the twin slat bed we had, and is very easy to move and put sheets on, etc. The kids twin sheet set I purchased elsewhere fit perfectly.
Very easy to set up, very easy to work with. Comfortable mattress to sleep on.
This is like sleeping on a cloud....
This mattress is what I expected and more. I must say 1st of all it is firmer than a normal mattress. That can be good for some, or not! If you put a mattress pad on it, it relieves the ""hardness" I am very pleased with the purchase. It did volume up very quickly. The smell lingered alittle longer than I read in the reviews, but not bad. Add linen spray and it is gone. I would recommend this product to anyone. It is a great price for a good dream!
simple to load, unwrap, very comfortable ! slight smell at first one day to air out , did i say very comfortable ?
I was a little hesitant on purchasing a mattress at Walmart, for a two year old no less! Read all the reviews. The box was super easy to put in car. My nephew loved the mattress! I checked it out and it was very comfortable! Slight smell was gone in one day. He slept in his own bed for the first night all night!! Would recommend.
During vacation at an upscale hotel, I tried the "SleepNumber," and didn't find my "digit." (lol) Recently, I ordered a "TempurePedic" sample kit, ck'd all of their Queen size product prices, and almost fainted. Then, I read the reviews for Spa Sensations on the web and ck'd their stock @ Walmart; so, I decided to order the (can't beat the price) 8" Queen size mattress. The delivery was reasonably swift and the shrink-wrap packaging very compact. There was a slight "cannabis-like" odor, which was very faint, and it was hardly noticeable aft. 24 hrs. Body heat generated, all of my lil' back aches' and pains have begun to melt away while sleeping on the mattress! Our winter heating bills should be very low, because minimal bedcover is needed, and even w/ menopause, I've no night sweats! Soft and comfy, yet also firm and resillent, I've never slept on anything like it!!! I've told a multitude of relatives and friends about this mattress. It's absolutely awesome!!
I've had this product for about a year now and it's been great. It's comfortable and I can easily get a good night's sleep. I'm buying my brother a mattress similar to this one because I've enjoyed mine so much. It's worth the buy!
I bought this for our teenage daughter. It comes in a box vacuum sealed. I let it set up per the instructions. Worked perfect! No off smells, holds shape and our daughter loves it!! We used it with a box spring.
I wasnt expecting much from a matress thats rolled up and shipped in a box.....but HOLY MOSES......its SO comfortable and far exceeded my expectations!!!!
Very comfy I loved it
I bought this product for my wife who was having trouble sleeping because of a bad hip. Since getting and sleeping of this mattress she has no trouble sleeping at night. She said she just loves this mattress and was very surprised at the quality and performance. Good Job Sears!
Love this product! Had it shipped to our local Store. Picked it up there and was a little surprised how heavy the box was. Glad my husband was with me. Took it home, unpacked it and put it on the bed. Slept on it that night. We didn't notice any smell and it plumped up quickly. We have a high bed and after we put it on top of our mattress and box springs, I was glad I had ordered a little stepping stool. Always loved the "Princess and the Pea" story, and after seeing how high the bed is now, everybody may laugh at us but it sleeps like a dream!
I needed a mattress badly but could not afford the price most companies charge these days. I purchased this mattress along with a "memory foam topper" from Ebay (I like them separate to facilitate cleaning). I was shocked like most at the size of the box and the appearance at first unwrapping, but I let the mattress air and rise as instructed. I have been extremely pleased at the results - the mattress is perfectly formed and fits my platform (unlike it's predecessor). I sleep so very soundly now and could not have even purchased a very cheap mattress from anywhere for the money I spent (nor would I have found such comfort and support).

I am positive a much more expensive mattress would not have pleased me so much - even if I could have afforded such! If you purchase one of these you will not be disappointed.

BTW: I also purchased two sets of microfiber sheets from Walmart for my new bed - they are so soft, strong and thin - it is a totally satisfying experience to go to bed now...
We upgraded from a queen coilspring mattress to this king-sized foam mattress. We couldn't be happier! I no longer wake up from my husband changing position at night, and the mattress has helped with his back pain.

The only thing we don't love about this mattress is that it sits a little lower than we're used to, since there's no boxed springs under it. But for the price, it's completely worth it.
My only "complaint" would be the funky smell after opening it, but it has since subsided. My daughter is super happy in her new big girl bed! The memory foam is a lifesaver for our kids!
I've never slept on a mattress that was not of the innerspring variety before this one. Having read the strongly positive Spa Sensations review on SleepLikeTheDead.com, I had high expectations. Those expectations were met. You really can't beat the value or the comfort here. Buy it!
these are much better than the regular spring mattress. i sleep much better on these.

I bought a ikea king bed - Hopen and i use this 8 inch spa sensations mattress on it. ( it is a platform bed)

I just love the bed! with 1/5 of the cost of what you get in sleepys!

you will never regret!
I've been looking for a good mattress for the past 6 years. I've bought and went through possibly 7 or 8 mattresses since then. I always noticed I sleep better on a 3 cushion couch, but I do not have a couch any more. I figured if I buy one of these memory foam mattress it will feel like sleeping on a couch and maybe I can 'get by'.

This mattress is much more than what I expected. It really feels like my dream bed. I've slept on a Temperpedic one time and was satisfied with the evenness but felt as though it was a bit too soft. This bed is for real. I figured it would just make do but this is my thing. I highly recommend this. I don't want to sleep on anything else now.
Used with Slumber 1 frames (easy assembly); packed well and fast expansion (1 to 2 hours); no smell; very comfortable.
This bed is awesome. Great value, and super comfortable.
Alright so I got this mattress on sale for only about $180 and it is so great. The whole thing was expanded in about 2 hours but I did let it air out for 2 days. In other responses, they commented on the smell of the product but I honestly didn't smell anything. I was looking for a mattress that wouldn't be too expensive but that would be the perfect idea for me--it's soft but firm enough so that you don't immediately sink in and it's overall perfect!
I ordered two cal king mattress. Shipped to home. Arrived well packed. I have been using it for couple of days now. They are full 8 inches now. Very comfortable. Excellent quality for the money. I hope they last long too.
a firmer bed ... awesome to sleep on
We just got the mattress and I already love it. It is not too firm, just what I expected a memory foam to feel like. It was fairly easy to get out of the box. It does take up to 48 hours for it to fully get to full size, and it has a weird chemical smell, but we just have a window open. I heard it goes away after a day or two. Cant wait to use for a long time. Totally worth the price!
....This product is amazing. Here are some things i would love to clear up for anyone who is considering to buy this.

1) yes, this mattress does give off an odor at first, but it's not as terrible as many describe on their reviews. I couldn't smell it at all the first night through my sheets and stuff.

2) I was worried about this purchase because i didn't want it to be too firm, and i was so relieved and happy to find it is the perfect blend between firm, cushiony, and soft.

3) If you find it is too firm for you, you can just put a mattress pad over it. so don't worry.

Overall this is everything i wanted and more. please purchase this product, its amazing how much my sleeping improved. I LOVE IT!!
Quick delivery, formed to full size in a few days and very comfy!
This mattress is like no mattress I've ever slept on before. It is truly amazing in its comfort throughout the night. I don't toss or turn. Even in my waterbed I turned a few times a night. I wake up in the morning without the pain from the car injuries topped off with the pain from the fibromyalgia. It's WONDERFUL!!! A GREAT OVERALL INVESTMENT!
I purchased this product for my 14 year old nephew who is rather large for his age! His old traditional mattress had springs that were uncomfortable. This mattress was easy to transport and conformed perfectly with his platform bed. Very plush and sturdy for the money.
For the price this bed was a steal. I did not expect to get such a great comfortable bed for the price I paid. The bed is very firm, soft and cool. The only drawback is that it makes it hard to get out of bed.
Great mattress for the price!! It didn't even take as long as expected to inflate. It was ready to sleep on the same night we got it!
Daughter loves it
Very comfortable.
I would be there spokesperson. By far the best purchase yet on a mattress. The first couple of nights we couldn't wait to go to bed, it was like this mattress was calling our name.
This is great for anyone who has to set up A bed alone.A little heavy,but not compared to A traditional mattress.It will fit into the back seat of an average car.Comfort wise it is pretty good,but A little different from the norm.Sitting on it,like when typing on your laptop is comfortable instantly,prolonged may need A footstool,just like any bed.This bed does sink according to weight distribution.This is more pronounced than with A regular mattress,and does take some getting used to.Sometimes I find that it seems uncomfortable at first,so I move to A different spot and give it A few minutes to conform to my body and weight.Overall it does give me A good nights sleep which is what it was made for.The key to being happy with this bed is knowing when to move to A different spot.It does not get worn out in spots,but may need 5 or 10 minutes to spring back.I could not have bought A better mattress for the money I spent.
It is truly like sleepy on a cloud. The mattress opened up out of the box w/i a few hours. No more backaches for my hubby or me. I purchased the Cal King in error so I used an electric knife to trim off the length. I'm in heaven!
This mattress is great! It is better than I expected. It is firm and doesn't hurt my back. I finally am able to sleep through the night without waking up! The only downfall is that it's hard to get out of bed in the morning!

Very comfy and perfect for anyone! Great value! Highly recommended.
I have been wanting a new mattress for my Queen size bed for a few years now, I just could not
afford the memory foam mattress everyone I knew was recommending, since my old mattress
was in such bad shape I thought I would give this one a try it was the right price and everything.
WOW I Love it, my back loves it too! I feel so refreshed in the morning. Good value, great mattress.
We ordered the twin mattress for our youngest son and the kids are actually fighting over it. Looks like we will have to order more. After reading all the other reviews we decided to take a chance on it. This is a great mattress for the price. It certainly met all of our expectations. We didn't even have a problem with the smell.
The mattress is for my boys and they like it vey much because of the comfort, there's only one thing I have to say it does have like a plastic foam smell and will last for at least 3 weeks, you can cover it up with a mattress cover and the bed sheet set that's what I did.. Great price too..
Very comfortable. My first houseguest slept until almost 11 a.m.
We purchased this mattress to accompany a metal framed bunk bed for the bottom (full sized bunk) for my 16 year old son. He has been recently diagnosed with moderately severe scoliosis and hasn't been sleeping well at all on his previous bedding.
It was also a test as to whether or not we would purchase a second one for the twin size top bunk for my younger son (15).
We are all very pleased with the quality, support, price, comfort, and durability. Although we've only had it for a couple of weeks, this mattress seems like it will hold up to a teenager for a long time.
Overall, we are very pleased with this mattress and will be purchasing the twin very soon!
Extremely happy with the Memory foam mattress,
Odor was only slight and gone within 24 hours. Mattress very comfortable. Fantastic value for the Money.
Matress came very quickly, and well packaged. Fits perfect on the bunk bed and my daughter loves it. She is very proud to have a memory foam mattress :)
I purchased this mattress after reading all of the great reviews and I most say that I agree with all of its reviews.

It is a super comfortable mattress, it is sturdy but soft at the same time.

I would highly recommend this mattress to anyone !!!
Being a broke college student, I needed a mattress, and fast as my king sized bed wouldn't fit in my new space. I ordered this, and it came faster than anything else I ordered! So excited! A bit firm the first few nights, but now it is as comfy as can be.

I suggest doing the site to store, I felt rather silly when I saw the box it came in. It definitely could have fit in my two door car. OOPS!

Great Price, Great Product!

I plan to order a memory foam topper for extra comfort!
very comfortable, no smell, great value for the money.
I bought one of these mattresses several months ago hoping it would alleviate the back ache I've woken up with for the last several years. I can say I've had months and months of happy mornings. I just bought a second mattress to put into a camper I built. I might as well sleep good when I'm camping too!
This is the best Mattress for $149/twin. Other larger mattress stores charge at least 3x the amount for a similar bed. We used them for bunk bed (no base) and our kids love it. I even laid across their beds to see how it feels. It's sturdy, yet soft and envelopes your body. If you need a mattress on a budget, this is the one! I gave appearance 3 stars because it was a bit difficult to cut away the plastic without cutting the actual mattress.
This is the second one that I have purchased and it have been a wonderful alternative to the expensive memory foam mattresses. We are using this one in our spare room on a futon frame, and it has worked great
I read a lot of the other reviews on here. I just bought my 1st house and I was looking for afforable memory foam mattress. I came across this one and I couldn't believe the price. It def. had a smell for the first 48hrs but you let it air out and you'll be fine. And it gets to its full 8inches in 24hrs or less. Its a little stiffer then I was thinking it was going to be but its a great mattress. When I fall asleep on it I am out cold. My girlfriend says it needs a topper maybe but I don't think so. But its a really great mattress for the price and for the comfort. It got to the store in about 1 and a half or 2 weeks a lot quicker then the site was saying. So it worked out a lot better because I was getting tired of sleeping on an air mattress. If your looking for a mattress def. look at this one a lot closer.
I'm so very pleased with my purchase. It's very comfortable and you can't beat the price. I highly recommend it!!
I have had this mattress for about six months. This inexpensive mattress replaced a $2000 top of the line spring pillow top. It is heat absorbent so the temperature is always perfect. I recently ordered another one and the matching pillows. This product rocks! Thank you Wal-Mart for saving me a fortune over the name brand foam mattress company.
I had a $1,500 (on sale!) Memory Foam mattress from a "reasonably priced" Internet store. Of course it was fabulous, but it should be for that $!

Well, I've had a "change of living" and needed a new mattress. I got the 8" Spa Sensations on sale - lower than any decent regular Qn mattress - and it's wonderful! I think they must package them differently now, as it was about 3" thick, rolled up in the box (vs. 1/2" someone mentioned last yr). At any rate, it expanded to the full 8" within a few hours. I didn't smell any chemical odor and I was floating in blissful slumber that night!

It also arrived several days before expected - nice bonus! And as usual, the folks at my neighborhood Walmart (the grocery store - note if you have one close by, they accept site-to-store shipments!) were very helpful in getting the packages and rolling them out to my car.

It's so good, I'm ordering one now for my dad and found that the queen is now even $25 cheaper (hoping that Walmart will refund me that on my original purchase since it was only 9 days ago)! :-)
Did not expect a lot from a queen mattress worth two hundred dollars but, is pretty good and comfortable...buy this only if you know the advantages and disadvantages of memory foam mattress...I am looking forward to replace another old mattress with one more of these...totaling to 3 of these...

Thanks...
We shopped around for a good mattress, and decided on this mattress for both our 2 year old son and 4 year old daughter. So far both children love them. They are so amazing to lay on. Want one for us!!
After much research I decided on the 8" full size from Walmart for a spare bed. I used the Store Pick-up option and was very satisfied. Mattress arrived on time. I let it "expand" for one day. No issue with smell that others had mentioned. This is a very comfortable mattress and a great value when compared to other like mattresses.
I looked at mattresses at other stores and they were much more expensive. This mattress is very comfortable and 8 inches is plenty of depth for me (5'9", 190lbs). It's amazing how your weight is so evenly distributed over the area of the mattress. I could put my arm under my side and the mattress would just conform to my shape and not put all the pressure on my arm. Only had it for a couple of weeks but very happy thus far. The mattress is in my son's room. He loves it. I enjoy it when he's at his moms!
I bought this mattress after having the twin size for this particular brand. I'm super pleased with it. It's not a tempurpedic but for the price, it can't be beat!
I love it because it's not too firm or soft like Tempur Pedic. I don't like Tempur Pedic because it feels like a water bed. I read all the reviews before buying this product. I would definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a foam bed.
I had to find somethig for the back pain and this is helping me to finally get some sleep I just sink into the comfort of this bed and I love it!
perfect for anyone who likes a firm mattress. if firm is not for you - then don't bother with this product. you wouldn't like it.
For the money it has been fantastic. My daughter thanks me all the time. She sleeps well...
This mattress is great for the price. It's a little bit firmer than I usually prefer but I've pretty much gotten used to it and it is so much cheaper than most mattresses out there, I am satisfied with this purchase. It comes rolled up in a box which made it really easy to pick up from the store, it fit in the back seat of my car. Have had it for about a week. It filled out to it's full size in a few hours and did not smell, slept on it the same day we brought it home.
I love this mattress. i bought a full size one for my teenager and a twin size one for my youngest. they are extremely comfortable.
My husband and I bought a 6" Full size about 3 years ago and loved it. We recently bought a house and upgraded from a full to a king bed, and my husband (who is NOT picky) said he would not sleep on any other mattress than this one.

We ordered the 8" King and it is just as fabulous. I sleep so sound, and wake up with no pain and fully refreshed. These mattresses are so comfortable and last a very LONG time, which surprises both my husband and I due to the price - it is such a HUGE bargain.

We would still be using the full size if it weren't for the upgrade, but we've moved it to our guest room for our guests to enjoy!

You will not be disappointed in this product!
Very comfortable. Arrived on the first day of the delivery window! I order it for my guest room, and my guests really like it.
This mattress has a great combination of a firm core and soft top. I've had it for a few weeks now and have not had the frequent back issues that I earlier used to have on getting up in the morning. Your body doesnt sink deep into the mattress becuase it is firm and that's helped a lot. At the same time - the memory foam on top ensures that comfort is not compromised. As mentioned by people before - it has a chemical smell initally - but it went away completely within a day. The only thing I wish they added to the product would be something to hold the mattress by on the sides. There was practically nothing to grip it with and even dragging it around rooms was tough. Other than that - Great product at an excellent price - phenomenal value for money.
beets my expectations. very soft but very firm at the same time. i have back problems but with this mattress i haven't woken up with any back pains.
I love love LOVE this bed. Great value and so comfortable!
This matress came packed in a box and is light enough in weight that I can carry into the house myself. It took two days before it was fully expanded. I left it in the guest bedroom for 1 week to air out. It has a polyurethane odor. I am very sensitive to odors. After a week, the odor was gone and I put the matress on my bed. It was comfortable, slightly firm, but yet very comfortable. I can sleep in and wake up without back pain. On my old (and very expensive ) matress, I used to wake up with backpain if I slept a bit longer than usual. It is so nice to be able to sleep through the night without waking up. I don't even notice when my dogs move around on the bed at night. I think this is a very good buy.
This mattress is so-o-o comfortable. I didn't notice any odor. Excellent value.
This is an excellent memory foam mattress at a very affordable price. This particular one is on the firm side, but the material totally shapes to the form of your body. I personally need a firm mattress due to having back problems and this one works great.
Unless you just want to make your bed taller, don't get the 13' one. Both feel exactly the same.
Great product at a great price, my 10yr old son is very picky and he absolutely loves sleeping on this mattress, thinking about getting a king size for myself.
this foam mattress is just what i wanted. and it was priced well too. it holds its shape well and is soooo comfey. i sleep great on it. awesome product
I bought this for my 15 year old son. He absolutely LOVES it!! Very comfortable memory foam mattress for a great economical price!! Highly recommended.
Have had this mattress for about a month now. Had some odor as others have described but not overbearing. Inflated to size in about 6 hours and I enjoyed the comfort on the first night of my purchase. I put this mattress over a king matrees and its a few inches bigger on both sides of the bed but not a real problem. Liked it enough to buy 2 more for the kids. Price wasnt bad, worth every penny in the long run! Sleep well!
Had mattress shipped-site to store and it arrived way before estimated delivery date.
Very easy to get home along with set up. My daughter loved it and now I have to purchase new mattresses for the rest of the children because they love it too.
She loves sleeping in her bed now---we don't have to ask her twice to go to bed and she wakes up very rested!!! Never thought about new mattresses for her bunk beds until she really never wanted to sleep on them. The matresses we had were pillow top matresses but undoubtly not to comfortable. So decided to try spa sensations based on the reviews here at Walmart and several other sites that had reviews on these mattresses.
GLAD I DECIDED TO TRY IT!!
It is like a temper pedic mattress by look, feel, and comfort without the heavy price tag!!
Will definitely purchase more soon!!!
Love it!!!!
I purchased this for my 5 year old grandson. He likes to jump on his bed and this is great because there are no springs to damage. His dad has this memory foam mattress in his camper and loves it.
Did not expect such comfort from a value priced mattress. Our previous mattress, top of the line premium, cost $3,000 and lasted less than 10 years before it wallowed out. We had to turn the king mattress sideways to get the 10th year out of it. So do the math. The top of the line premium $3,000 mattress cost $300 per year of life. This Spa Sensations mattress cost less than $300.
love,love,love this mattres, best money i ever spent.gives ,me a great night sleep. my sister bought thios matt and told me about it, and its wonderful. highly reccomend
Got it within 3 days, it puffed up quick. A little bit of a smell but not overpowering. I cannot keep my Granddaughter off of it, she says it is so "comfy".
The foam warms quickly to match body temp, but not overly hot. The foam memory is as advertised, making it comfortable to move, change positions and not disturb your partner. We haven't slept this good in over 20 years!
Great investment~should have bought long time ago!! :)
Bought it for our 19 year old daughter she wanted a memory foam. She says it is awesome! She had a back injury as a child which causes her discomfort when she lays down for an extended amount of time, she was up several times in the night. She can now sleep all the way through the night! Had no odor the way I read by lots of reviews. Slept the first night went right into shape.
fast delivery, great product,
I was pretty apprehensive even after reading all the great reviews, but gave it a try! And it is wow!
I sleep on this one and it is not too soft, not too hard, perfect.
One downside is the smell, I had to air it for a couple of weeks and slowly the odor is going away. Totally worth it.
All I can say is FAST Service and it is exactly what I expected love it
I am happy with my purchase. I recomend you to purchase this product.
After reading the reviews I decided to go ahead and order the 8" mattress. I was concerned if it was going to be thick enough. After taking this large box home I thought for sure I would open it and be disappointed...boy was I wrong. The mattress doesn't look thick, but it feels like heaven. It definitely exceeded my expectations! So happy with my purchase and for the price, I couldn't have done better elsewhere!
Initially I was in two minds to buy this product. I am glad I went ahead and bought this. Very comfortable, pleasantly firm and relieves your back pain in a couple of days. An excellent value for money!
I recently purchased this product along with a new platform bed. The first morning after a night of sleeping on the mattress I woke up 2 hours earlier than normal and was more refreshed than ever before! I fall asleep faster, sleep better, and need less sleep than before. For the price that I spent, this product is amazing. I have even had a few friends sleep over on it and they are extremely jealous of how well I get to sleep night after night.
I will have to warn that you will need to air the mattress out for a couple of days before you sleep on it. My back hasn't hurt a bit since I have been sleeping on it. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a mattress and doesn't want to spend a lot of money.
ITS TRUE TO SIZE. VERY COMFORTABLE. JUST AMAZING. A SMELL WHEN IT IS OPEN BUT AFTER 2ND DAY ITS GONE.
for my grandchildren when they visit ?"
Extremely comfortable.
this is my first memory foam matress so i can't compare it to another but i can say it feels great i sleep better and you can't beat the price. i highly recommend it.
Great mattress for the price. Super fast shipping.
I purchased a king for myself and now a full size for my son. We love it!
I purchased this mattress in the queen size immediately following a lower back injury and sciatic nerve issues in my left leg. I slept on the floor for a couple weeks in my living room because I couldn't walk up the stairs to my bedroom. Getting up from the floor every day to use the restroom or take a shower was a mission filled with pain, sweat, and tears. I purchased the Spa Sensations smart base for the mattress giving me ground clearance and allowing me to get up from bed a lot easier. Due to the severity of my injury, I am constantly laying down on this mattress for 23 hours a day.

All in all I am completely satisfied with both products. I am 6'-1" 270 lbs. Both my Girlfriend and I sleep on this mattress together. She is 5-4 and maybe pushing 130 lbs. This information is important because it gives reviewers a piece of mind when buying. The stand folds up very easily and took me about ten minutes with a back injury to fully assemble the stand and place the mattress on top. I would recommend anyone to buy this mattress as it is comfortable and does not retain a lot of heat.

I would recommend buying a thin box spring only if you are about my size. Even though you really don't have to, when getting off the bed towards the edge, I can kinda feel the wire supports on the stand. I have not purchased a box spring as it is not a big deal. Awesome buy for the price!!!!
this may be half foam and half thermo pedic, but it works just as well and great value for the money
My husband and I were very disappointed in our expensive mattress. We decided to give this product a try.

We get great sleep at nights. I have also purchased this mattress for my mother and a guest room.

I'm REALLY glad that I read all the wonderful reviews and made this choice.
Thanks to the other reviewers I knew that there would be an odor when I unpacked the mattress. It took a couple of days for the smell to go away and I have slept on it now for more than a month. IT IS AWESOME!!! No springs poking you in the side or hips, no pressure on your back. It's great! It takes a couple of days to get used to the mattress and for it to start conforming to you and while it does that it is still a very firm mattress. I love this mattress. I am so glad I took the chance and ordered it online because of the reviews.
Smells a little funny right out the box, but feels great! Bought 2 for my younger 2 kiddos and now my 2 older kiddos want one!
The mattress exceeded my expectations. It's firm enough without being uncomfortable.
It took only 3 days for the mattress to get its shape, and the smell (which wasn't that bad) went away in a few hours.
So far I'm satisfied with the purchase.
I love it, so comfortable!
I had a water bed cal. king. I wanted to change the mattress, and saw this one on the site. The price was right. It came nicely packaged. the bed fit perfect, and sleeps great.
This bed was WAY more comfortable than I could have ever imagined. I needed something of lasting quality and was trying not to break the bank. I figured I would get what I paid for, but this has got to be one of the BEST bargains I have EVER come across. It definitely is worth a lot more than it costs, but I am glad I caught it at the price I did. GREAT PRODUCT!!!!!
The matress is very comfortable to sleep. What I like is it is not too very plushy cushion-y; you don't go down entirely when you sleep. quite firm.
I pondered for weeks about ordering this mattress. I went through hundreds of reviews, trying to figure out what could be wrong with it. It is amazing. It was a little firm the first couple nights, but I was trading in my Denver Firm Mattress of only 2 years old for this. I had woken up for nearly two years with pain in my back and shoulders. The third night of sleep on this mattress and my pain was gone. I used to wake up like clock work by 530 a.m. from pain. Now I have a hard time getting out of bed by 7:00 as it is so refreshing. I would agree with other reviewers, the eight inch is more than sufficient. I'm about 135lbs and my hubby about 175. No problems, I don't even feel the bed shake when he moves like it used too. He used to wake me up just as much during the night tossing and turning. This mattress is awesome. Packaging an shipping awesome. Got it in a couple days, it took one full day to fully reach 8". The smell was strong the first couple nights, and it's still a little faint, but I can live with that and I'm very sensitive to smells. We've had it about 3-4 weeks now and could not be happier. Sometimes it sleeps a little warmer, but I've contributed that too the nights I've taken a long hot bath or been out in the sun all day.
After putting in a wall bed for guests, we were limited to how thick/deep a mattrress we could get. One of our son's has back problems so we wanted to get a memory foam mattress. The price on this mattrees is less than some 3" foam topppers so it was really worth the chance. Its thinner depth made it very a good choice for our new wall bed. We purchased it online and had it shipped to store. The mattress arrived very quickly, five days earlier than the date on the website. The mattress weighs about 50 lbs. but was easy to transport since it is vacuum sealed in a carton and fits in even a compact car trunk. You will need to allow a couple days for the mattrress to get back to full size and to vent the plastic smell that is trapped from bagging. The report from my son is that it is a cofortable night's sleep and for better or worse, he is ready to come visit again. Price, comfort, ease of transport, all great assests for this mattress.
I was hesitant purchasing a foam mattress from Walmart and online without being able to "try before you buy", but decided to give it a try because of such a value price. I am extremely pleased with this purchase and very thankful for all the previous customers who took the time to provide their reviews, which provided me the extra "comfort" to make the purchase. This mattress is quality and comfortable for a fraction of the cost of similar mattresses sold in the stores. It is on the firm side, so be aware of that fact. I have it on box springs (king size) and don't need to put a solid board underneath it. I was expecting it to be a bit softer, but I prefer firm support so this fits our need -- besides, if we decide for a little extra "softness" we can always add a foam topper. If you need a new mattress and want it to be firm, don't hesitate to give this a try.
Purchased for my teenage daughter. She absolutely loves it. Arrived rolled up, flat as a pancake and in 24 hours, expanded to a terrificly firm, supportive mattress. Can't beat it for the price!
Just remodeled our 13 year olds bedroom and switch bed size from a twin to a full. She loves our Tempurpedic but we were not willing to pay the price of a Tempurpedic. She can't tell the difference and Loves it.
Slept like a baby and have been ever since I got my spa mattress.
It scared me when it came out of the box! But it quickly expanded and is very comfortable to sleep on. We bought it for my son for his birthday and since he has spent entire afternoons laying on it to watch tv and movies! He didn't used to like being alone in his room but now he invites us in or just goes on by himself!
We needed a new queen sized mattress but on a tight budget. We also wanted a memory foam because springs wear out. Decided based on the reviews to give it a try. We are using our memory foam topper with it. I will not say it is the greatest nights sleep. But, it has been wonderful to sleep on. Plus, we don't wake each other up moving around. We followed the directions and were sleeping on it within 48 hours. I recommend this mattress to anyone.
The mattress is very firm but comfortable. Can't beat it for the price. Another store had the same mattress for about $100 more. Very pleased.
Bought this mattress for my 11 year old daughter. Read tons of reviews before purchasing and we are very happy with the quality and comfort. Definitely had an odor which lasted several days but lit some candles to help until it went away. My mattress did not expand as quickly as many other people wrote. Took about 48 hours before entire thing was fully expanded. One section about 2' x 3' as well where main fold across the middle was lower than rest for a while but finally rose evenly. My daughter loves the mattress and is very comfortable on it. Says she can't bounce up and down anymore like a regular mattress, but as her mom think this is a good thing! Have it sitting on the Smart Base and works great!!
Pro:
-Firm
-Thickness is perfect
-Doesn't sink in too much, just perfect

Con:
-Plastic smell

My nose is very sensitive and I could smell the new plastic odor from the mattress and I had a hard time sleeping for several nights. I've tried Febrezing it, keeping the window open for fresh air everyday but I just cannot get rid of that smell. I also wished the product description included the size of the box mattress came in, so I have an idea if it would fit in my car. Everything else besides the odor has been great. I really love the mattress!
I bought this for my daughter. She loves it and said that it is very comfortable. Her grandmother slept on it for a few days and found it to be too hard. That may because she slept on it before it was fully decompressed. Overall, I think this mattress is a good value.
Nothing bad to say about this mattress. What I liked most it comes with a cover and the foam is also covered in a soft mess. Did not Smell at all like some of the reviews said. Very solid product. Nice and soft yet Firm.
These mattress's are incredible !!! I sell mattress's for a leading store corner supplier and these are as great as the ones you pay thousands for !!!! After you save your self a few grand go buy something else you need . The first one is going on 3 years old and it still looks new and feels yummy LOVE MY BED :-)
I was pleasantly surprised at how comfortable the mattress was right out of the packaging. It took a little while to expand to full size, but I slept very comfortably the first night. It severely reduced my back pain. I highly recommend this product.
I've had this now for three weeks and cannot complain. I paid a tenth of what my brother paid for his TempurPedic and sleep just as well. After the third night I wasn't feeling anymore back pain after waking up as I did with my old inner spring mattress. Definitely worth the price, and there was hardly a smell to is when I opened the package.
I purchased this mattress as a birthday present for one of my sons, and he loves it. He says he falls asleep and doesn't wake until the alarm goes off. I tested it out for a nap (not planned... I was actually making the bed) I fell asleep on my side and woke up with no hip pain, wonderful! No box spring needed, my husband built a wood frame for it and it works great. Will be replacing my mattress with one of these...too bad I won't need one for years yet.
It was easy to buy, get, set-up, and is soooooooo.......... comfortable. I bought it for my guest room and think I will move into that room and make my old bed the guest bed!!!!!
The best way to buy a mattress.take it out of the box,cut open the bag,let it expand awesome!Just as comfortable as a name brand memory foam mattress I bought from a mattress store and about 1700.00 dollars cheaper!
Hi,

I really like this mattress. I am using this daily basis. This is first time i am using memory foam mattress so before I order this , I did so much ground work. and I found this is the one of the best mattress. this come in budget also. If any body looking memory foam under $250, I recommend this to order.

Thanks
I've tried all of them! Spring or foam, with or without toppers... In fact, I was hesitant to buy this since (like I said) I've tried them all however, this is by far one of the few best purchases I've ever made in my life! The smell will be there for a few days (not even for a week)... but you won't even complain about it after you've slept on this one! You'll be happy too, I promise... :)
We bought 2 of these for our kids, ages 5 and 11, after across country move and the kids absolutely love them.
great product, good quality
Got this mattress for our son for Christmas because he was waking up every morning with a sore back. Problem solved! He loves this mattress and wakes up feeling great with no back pain:)
This mattress is very comfortable to sleep on. We used the ship to store feature and didn't have to pay shipping. It seems a good quality mattress, and the price was very reasonable. I would definitely recommend this mattress to anyone.
I bought this mattress for my 5yo and am very pleased with it. It fit in the back seat of my car, I didn't notice any smell, and it was up to full size in less than 2 days. It's very comfortable and my 5yo loves it. Would recommend to anyone.
This is a really great value. I've looked at these mattresses for a few years and I couldn't believe my luck when I found this one at this price.

I use a high quality mattress pad and it affected the response time to the memory foam, but it still is the most comfortable night's sleep I've had in years and years.
The only complaint about this matters is that if you weigh about 180 lb or more, you will sink through and feel what ever is supporting the matters. I would suggest either getting the 12" or getting this mattress plus the 4" matters topper as well, which is cheaper and stack the topper and then the matters on top. Many people are complaining that it is firmer then they thought. Well that's not true. It soft but they sink through and feel whatever is supporting the matters. If this is solid then they feel soft when they are sinking and then really firm because they are feeling the solid surface below the matters. Not because the matters is firm.
The most comfortable nights sleep in years
I have no truck to transport a new mattress and this was easy to pick up and drag to my apartment all by myself. When it was opened the mattress grew within a few hours to its full size. I have never slept better and my back pain is gone. Wow...what a difference a new mattress makes. I highly recommend this product!
Very Nice firm mattress! My back feels a lot better!
AWESOME. Worth every penny. If you don't have the money to get something like a Tempurpedic but still want that feeling this is the mattress for you.
I am a light sleepers and have a hard time getting uninterrupted sleep. However, I have been sleeping soundly ever since i bought the Spa Sensation.
I searched around for a good price on an 8" good quality memory foam mattress. This product was a reasonable price and looked good in the literature. It did not disappoint. The mattress is firm and comfortable. To the door delivery was ahead of the scheduled date! There are better mattresses out there, but for this price you can't go wrong.
It is a soft but firm mattress & is very comfortable. It is also a great value for the price.
I wasn't sure what to expect especially when the package arrived and it was in a tall box that was about 2 feet in diameter. I wondered how this 8" foam mattress could be in this box and still have the ability to fluff up and be the support and depth that I had envisioned. To my pleasant surprise I removed the tight, tarp-like bag and cut the plastic wrap and out popped the mattress. I let it sit for a few minutes and it fluffed up perfectly! The quality of the mattress and the nice outside cover are excellent. I was slightly apprehensive the first night I planned to sleep on it as I have suffered with a back injury for many years but that was the last thought I had in my head as I drifted off to sleep, only awakening after the best 9 hours of sleep I have had in as long as I can remember! So pleased with the product and my decision to purchase it.
I bought this bed for my son for his birthday. I have one, my mother has one and we all love this bed!
After tossing and turning and waking up sore on my old mattress, this mattress topper has provided a deeply restful night's sleep.
Have been using it for about 2 weeks now and it is quite good. The smell was there for about a week but we didn't mind it much as it was very faint. Also the firmness is very good.
First, let me say that I am not affiliated with either Walmart or the manufacturer of this mattress. I am merely a satisfied customer. I needed to replace my coil mattress and I wanted to try a memory foam type. I read all the reviews on this mattress and considered the pros and cons before I placed my order. I chose the ship to store option (thank you, Wal-Mart) and picked it up at my favorite Supercenter when it arrived about a week or so later. As always, the Wal-Mart associates were very helpful and prompt with my order. The mattress was delivered vaccuum-packed in a plastic liner which was rolled up inside a duffel bag, which itself was packed in a cardboard box. The box was heavy enough to require care but not enough that it could not be placed in a shopping cart and the back seat of my compact car. Upon arrival, I opened the box, took the mattress from the duffel bag, placed it on my box spring and cut the plastic liner carefully. The mattress started expanding almost instantly and it reached the stated 8" height within 2 hours without any foul, chemical odors. I am approximately 6 feet tall, about 250 pounds and fit on this full-size mattress comfortably. The firm support is appreciated as well as the quietness. There is no sound of moving springs and no tossing and turning. I woke up in the exact position I went sleep in. Over all, this is the best mattress I have ever slept on. One minor complaint is that the mattress is about 1 inch larger in length and width than my box spring but I can surely live with it and can recommend this mattress without exception.
My teenage son chose this mattress for his room remodel and I have to admit I was hesitant at first but remained optimistic. Thankfully my optimism paid off and this turned out to be one of the best purchases I've ever made. The mattress expanded to full size in a matter of hours and there was no chemical smell, like others have complained about. My son raves about how well he sleeps at night and I've even found my husband sneaking into his room for afternoon "naps" on his new bed! The mattress feels semi hard at first but after just a few minutes the foam warms from your body heat and you sink right in. It is so comfortable and relaxing. I will definitely be purchasing another bed for my younger son and perhaps even one for myself.
We haven't had it long,but so far we're loving it. It takes a little getting used to, crawling in sinking sand to get in, but I was always hurting bad when I got up from the old mattress now I don't hurt at all. My arms don't go to sleep anymore. I say again so far we love it.
We have had this mattress for about a week...we love it! We let it decompress in the spare room for about 24 hrs and it was ready to go. There was a slight odor for a few days but its gone now. Really great for the price!
The Spa Sensations 8" Memory Foam Mattress it's great I can't ask for more it's just as good as a $1000 plus therapeutic mattress. I did not experience any smell and I have not experienced any difference in temperature. You can't go wrong with that price you can change it every 5-years...
Very nice and comfortable. Absolutely better than expected!
I bought this bed with some reservations. The reviews on here is what convinced me to take a chance. I bought it for my daughter and she loves it. She says its the best bed she has ever had !!! She has back problems and I believe it will help her to rest better than ever before. Who says ya gotta pay alot for something for it to be good.
I purchased this mattress for the berth of a weekend living quarters horse trailer. It plumped up to the full 8" in less than 48 hours. It had a small amount of off-gassing odor for about three days, but is gone now and never seemed awful. It arrived with a nice fabric cover around the entire mattress (which is removable). I put on a quality mattress cover, then flannel sheets, blanket and nice down quilt - it is heaven to sleep on! I sleep on a Tempurpedic in my home and it is wonderful; but for the money and comfort, this memory foam mattress by Spa Sensations is quite nice. It will definitely become the best sleep I get while at horse shows staying in my trailer, and I'll even look forward to it! This is a great mattress for the money and I highly recommend this mattress to anyone who is looking for comfort and quality at a reasonable price. Memory foam is the only way to go to wake up refreshed and pain free.
Very comfortable. Slight odor when first unpacked. I was quite surprised at how quickly this arrived.
Purchase online and had it shipped to the house. arrived in 2-3 days with FREE shipping!. Nice
Perfect guest bed. A great value.
THIS MEMORY FOAM MATTRESS COMES IN HANDY. IT FEELS GREAT ON MY BACK AND I LOVE IT AND IT WAS VERY AFFORDABLE.
I sleep so much better than I ever did on our old spring mattress. I have absolutely no complaints.
Bought twin size for bunk beds. Will definitely buy again! Cushy, comfortable, thick and supportive. Delivered to home well before estimated delivery date. We unrolled the mattress and let it plump up and air out overnight (very slight plastic new smell) then it was ready to use the next day! The kids use the bunk beds, but this mattress is nice enough for adult guests to sleep on!
After my mom got one of these I had to get one! It has been almost a month now since I received it and it keeps getting more comfortable. Now I look forward to sleeping in my own bed so much so I am willing to drive back long distances rather than spend the night at friends houses.
Feels like it supports every inch of your body and curve and there are no pressure points. I bought two for my girls. When I tucked them in the first night I laid down for about 10 mins and almost could not get up because of how wonderful it felt!
this is a great product. after reading the reviews i wanted to check it out... these are some of the issues im replying to:

my purchase came in perfect condition, no rips or dents upon shipment.

it only took a week to deliver and i used standard shipping.

there is a light rubber-like smell to it, but thats because its brand new... it goes away.

the bed is very firm. i believe the first week or two, my entire body was aching. Its just something you need to get use to.

only having this bed for 2 months now... i dont see any signs of snagging, i dont believe it will ever wear out.

great value, i wouldnt spend $1000+ on a comparable tempurpedic
I read thru the majority of the reviews and decided to purchase it for my 13 year old son. The bed arrived and we opened it right away. The instructions say to let the bed lay out for 48 hrs to puff up to the full 8 inches. The bed was at the correct height within a couple hours. There is a chemical smell, but we opened up the window and let it air out for a day. My son slept on it within 24 hrs. He is extremely pleased and says its so comfortable. I was surprised to read that the mattress is not flame retardant. It actually states that it will burn quickly. I warned my son about the danger and had him read the information in the book. Its been to weeks and he is still loving this mattress. Probably not a good idea if people smoke in bed.
This is our second purchase of this product. My husband and I purchased the king size and we got the twin for our daughter. She is disabled and is obese, the memory foam makes her much more comfortable than traditional mattresses. We used to wake up feeling more sore and tired than when we went to bed. Since using the memory foam we wake up feeling great and refreshed.
This is a great mattress. My husband and I sleep on it every night and we have no complaints. Little box great bed :)!
I have been trying for months deciding if I wanted to try this new mattress. My husband and I both were not convinced that this was the way to go. My daughter has 4 of these and swears by them so we layed on hers and felt really good so we decided to go ahead and try one. It was the best thing we could have ever done. Our friend has a $5000.00 Temperpedic mattress he just purchased his head and foot goes up and down, and the bed does vibrate but other than that the mattress feels the same for a fraction of the price.
We have already had two more people try ours and say they are going to purchase one in the near future.. they are great...
We had it shipped to the store not far from our home it was so small it fit right in the trunk of our little car. Walmart has made this experience one of the best for us. They even adjusted the price as it went on sale right after the purchase of mine.. thanks walmart you are the best. Keep up the good work.
I was very hesitant when I ordered this because of the price and the mixed reviews. We waited 24 hours before replacing our spring mattress. At first, we thought it was too firm but after laying on it for another minute, it conformed to our bodies! We are so happy with this purchase and have told all our friends. Great mattress for a great price!
This is my first memory foam and I absolutely love it ...the mattress did not have any chemical odours and it raised to its full size within a couple of hours .The mattress is so comfortable ,has helped with my back pain a little ,my back does not ache as it used to .Overall ,I would recommend the mattress to anyone who is thinking of getting it.For the price it's a steal
This is the best deal for a memory foam mattress! Very comfortable and well worth the money. we are even thinking about getting one for my brother.
I sleep like a log on this mattress, I love it.
It is firm but has some give, it's got more give than my plush coil twin but not so much I fall into it and it's difficult to turn around. I definitely feel the support.

There was a slight smell and i'm very sensitive to that so i did air it for 3 days. But it wasn't overwhelming.
Always wanted a mattress like this. very pleased !
The mattress arrived in good condition and was easy to handle up the stairs and into the room. The unpacking went easily and the comfort is amazing. Highly recommended!
My children love it. Very comfortable to sleep on. Now they sleep later.
This is a pretty good buy. Once we received it, we opened it and let it air out. The next day we put it on our daughters bed and she has been sleeping in peace ever since! Its worth the buy. One thing i do suggest is putting a water proof cover over the mattress if u have kids.
I shopped around and WalMart by far had the lowest price on a mattress. It came quickly. It's VERY firm, so I'll be getting a topper for it but it will still be MUCH less than anything else I was looking at.
The purchase of this Memory Foam mattress, was money well spent. I'm impressed at how little i spent on something that has brought me such relief & much better sleep every night. I was put-off by the scent coming from the mattress, however, i sprayed it thoroughly with Febreeze & let it air-out, then dry properly; that took care of the issue. Over-all, i'm extremely happy with my new mattress.
I bought this for my first apartment and it is so much better than any spring mattress I've been on. It's quiet and comfortable and provides support where I want it. I am a little annoyed by the fact that it has not evenly expanded so the areas near the corners are lower/thinner than the center of the mattress. I hope over time, the mattress will even out and eventually be the same thickness all around.
This is a great mattress for the money
I had ordered this queen sized mattress because I hated my full size cardboard, rock hard thing. I saw that it got some pretty good reviews. I was hesitant to buy a mattress online (even though I love Walmart.com) because you can't try them out like you can in the store.

I got my mattress and opened it up. My friend seriously doubted this mattress the way it comes folded up and pressed down. A couple hours later, it fully expanded. We layed down on it and we both immediately fell in love! I was worried because I wanted a soft mattress and I saw that this was firm. It's hard to explain but it is like sleeping on a cloud even though the mattress is actually kind of firm (Don't let that scare you away!).

I have been sleeping on this mattress for about a week and it is amazing. I finally feel like I got a full night's sleep! I even told my parents and they're thinking about getting a king size.

The quality you get with such a low price, it truly is a steal! I would recommend it to everyone!
I was searching around for a good memory foam matress. Found this one as a good choice. I did realize it as indeed a good choice. Very relaxing to sleep on it..
This mattress is great. I have been sleeping on it for several weeks and it is still just as comfortable as it was the first day. It does have that "chemical" smell, but it disappears eventually. I only gave three star rating on value because right after I bought it that decreased the price.
Awesome mattress. I sleep great on it and its the perfect firmness. Grew to 8" no problem. I wouldn't sleep in it the first few days as it probably takes 3 or 4 to fully expand and harden up.
This mattress is a great value for $200 odd that I spent.
I was concerned after reading the unfavorable reviews about the smell and some other aspects of the bed.
But I did not have any such problems.

It's been about 4 months since I bought this and I haven't had any trouble. An it fits perfectly onto to Laguna Queen Platform bed that I ordered @ Walmart (another good product)

Would definitely recommend this product to my friends.
I hate having my time wasted, and will usually do everything to avoid setting a foot in Walmart. This time however, they did me right! I'm pregnant and my husband has back pain, this mattress has really improved our sleep lives! No more pain when we wake up in the morning. I was a little bit apprehensive about ordering a mattress from Walmart, but the shipping was free and very fast(2 days), and the mattress is great! It will take a few days to fully expand, and there is a smell for about a week. I aired it out in another room so it was no problem. Also it was too firm for me, so we got a 2" memory topper and mattress pad. Now it's perfect. It really conforms to your body, making it hard to get out of in the am... :) We got a King, and liked it so much we ordered the twin for our toddlers new bed. He loves his so far too, and has stopped getting up in the middle of the night as much. Only had these for a few weeks, if I change my mind I will review them again. Overall though, impressed, and pretty thrilled. I would definitely suggest these to anyone, Walmart does have a great return policy if you hate it. They may have won me over... to online shopping. ;)
I am a working family Mother and don't have a lot of spare cash around to buy a mattress. I read the other reviews and said why not? The mattress arrived qucikly and was easy to set up. I didn't notice any type of odor. I have since been sleeping through the night and it is AMAZING. Great Buy! Save money compared to Tempur Pedic.
When I first open it I thought it was flat, but it started to expand in a few hours and it was very comfortable that my sister want to buy one too.
Good product at an unbeatable price. Very comfortable. easy to handle. Highly recommended
This mattress is an absolute steal. It meets all my expectations. It was very reasonably priced. It is super comfortable. I bought it to go on the bottom bed of my kids new bunk beds as they had twins and the bunk was twin over full. My kids were gone one night and I slept on it and it was great. I plan on buying another one for my own bed. Give it a day or 2 to open up after you take it out of the box, to get the maximum fullness.
Awesome mattress...perfect comfort...no sore back in the morning, no pressure points. Tried the $2000 mattress at a bedding store...this is the same thing at a frection of the price. GREAT MATTRESS.....GREAT VALUE - - - AND SITE TO STORE FREE SHIPPING WAS THE BEST
bought this to put in my horse trailer gooseneck for shows and camping. It fit great up there and is very comfortable
We have a 10" foam mattress already and love it, but we wanted one for our motor home bed. This one is 8" foam and is perfect for our needs. It's not as firm as my 10" one, but I think it was very comfy. The price is great for this mattress. And since I own a foam mattress already, I know they retain there shape for years. Oh, and another plus is, a child sleeping with you, (sleep-overs with grandma) stays safe on their side of bed. I loved that.
So comfy.
What a great mattress! Especially for the price! My back feels sooo much better since getting this! LOOOOVE IT!!
Very comfortable !!!
I did some comparison shopping when I decided that I wanted a memory foam mattress and didn't like any of the ones I was seeing because they were either not firm enough or way to high priced or both. When I found this one I was concerned about not being able to see it since it's only available online but since the price was so good and it got good reviews I went ahead and ordered it figuring that if I didn't like it I could haul it to my nearest Wal-Mart and return it. It is definitely staying with me! It puffed back to its original shape quickly and is extremely comfy. It's not too soft like several of the overpriced foam beds I looked at that only have a few inches of memory foam anyway. I'm very happy with this bed and hope that it lasts for quite a few years.
good price for a great product! i first bought a 6" and a 8" for my son's bunk bed. I caught myself passing out on his comfy bed. Loved it sooooo much that I just bought a second 8" for myself and now I get the best rest ever!
Just bought this mattress in a twin size for my 3 year old daughters new bed. We have a king size memory foam mattress and absolutely love it.
The twin mattress expanded very quickly to its full 8 inches, and had no odour. It is quite soft and very comfy.
Memory foam is so much more comfortable than a spring mattress, and the price of this Brand is fantastic. My favorite thing is that there is no box spring needed! Just put it on the slats and you're ready!
Great buy!
I purchased this 8" Queen sized memory foam mattress in lieu of a standard mattress and much to my delight...my backache is a thing of the past! If you have any kind of backache, neckache, or general bodyaches, this mattress is for you! I ordered this with the Easy Steel Bed Frame and it does not need a boxspring. It is hands down the most comfortable bed I've ever slept in and the cheapest! This is a bargain and I highly recommend you save yourself some money and get this instead of any standard mattress. It was delivered to my house so I didn't need to go anywhere. The memory foam comes sorta vacuumed pack so it is easier to ship. It was completely full in a matter of hours and is not as heavy as a standard mattress. I absolutely love my new bed!!
I absolutely love our knew mattress! We have yet to get the bed (there were several snow storms that delayed delivery) but we have it sprawled out on the living room floor for the time being. It expanded to it's full size within a day, the smell is completely gone, and it is the most comfortable bed I've ever slept on! We made a great decision in buying this mattress!
This mattress is very comfortable and can be used with or without a platform. It was easy to order and was delivered quickly. We have paid much more for a memory foam mattress at a retail store and can't see a difference.
Purchased this bed for my 15 year old son who for months now has had neck, back and leg pains. At first we thought it was just growing pains. He continued to have sleep problems- we had already replaced 1 mattress with no change in condition. Then saw reviews for this product and thought all of these people could not be wrong. Well it has been 1 week so far and my son has never slept better! So long pain! He now wakes up feeling refreshed and pain free. What a great buy this has been. We are so pleased with the purchase. Now planning on getting one for the master bed room. Worth every penny!!
Though the box was bulky and too heavy to carry, I was able to drag it out of my truck bed and to my front door by myself. (I'm a 67 yr old woman) and since it was a mattress, I knew I couldn't do any damage to the product. I opened the box at my steps and dragged the "duffle bag" type packagng up three steps and into the bedroom. I was able to get it up onto the bed, cut the duffle bag away and the mattress literally opened itself up as the air came back into the foam. I was able to position it on the bed as it opened. It's very comfortable and kind of forms itself around your body as you lay on it. I sleep very well on it and I would definitely recommend this to a friend.
I have a real tempur-pedic mattress that I had bought over 4 years back when it first came out and spent a lot of money on it. It was a great product and immediately fixed a few high priority issues (back pain, disturbance) at the time.

This product gives the same type of luxury, but costs like 1/5th of the price. High recommend it. Buying is easy, shipping is fast and installation is easy.
This bed is great!! And what a steal in price. I paid over $1,000 for my mattress in my room and this is more comfortable then that! My son is very lucky! Buy this bed, you won't be disappointed.
When we started looking for a new mattress for our son, friends mentioned that they purchased this mattress. I was shocked at the price considering five years ago we paid thousands for the brand name mattress. With their recommendation and the cheap price we decided to try it. It's great, so glad we made the purchase.
Pretty nice!! It only has 2" of memory foam so the thicker the mattress the more you'll get but we really like it. Wish we would have bought one for my son when we got his bed.
I purchased this mattress for my persnickety teenage boy, whom complained of backaches and bad sleep frequently. This seems to have solved our problems. We have purchased this mattress in the past and have been very pleased with the support and comfort. I love the value of this excellent mattress!
This is a very comfortable mattress. I was surprised that is one of the best memory foam mattresses out there. I would recommend it to anyone. To say I am very pleased just isn't enough. I intend to buy more for the rest of the family.
I shopped around for a memory foam mattress for months, we had a water bed that was very uncomfortable for me and my husband. I found this mattress and figured it was worth a shot from every one elses reviews. WE LOVE this bed. I have had the best nights sleep since we recieved it.
We are considering purchasing another mattress for our daughters room. Love it!
We bought this bed for our daughter. She loves sleeping on it. Loves spending (a lot of) time hanging out on the bed. We are very happy with it.
Awesome product, Better than my simmons beauty night rest
Bought 2 of these by reading reviews.. Very satisfied, good for those having back ache. highly recommend.
My wife and I both have lower back pain or I guess I should say had lower back pain. Our regular mattress was awful my back hurt every morning. After sleeping on this for a week it is all gone and at a cost that cannot be beaten. We love this mattress !
This mattress is litrally a dream maker, I sometimes am axiously awaiting to get home to sleep form a day of work..really though.
I was pleasantly surprised the first night I slept on it. Good support without being too firm, conforms to your body well but rebounds quickly when you move. I didn't experience any issues with it being too firm the first few nights as others have stated, or any odors given off when taken out of the package. Easier to manage than an innerspring, relatively lightweight, can be handled by one person without too much difficulty. The only negative I've found is that it does retain heat if the room is very warm.
For once I can actually sleep the entire night with out waking up until I'm supposed to. This is one of those mattresses that once you are on it, it's very hard to get off it.
Shipment was fast; packaging was minimalist and easy to manuver. Directions were easy to follow and I was able to get mattress on the bed frame by myself. I did not notice a strong odor as some have claimed - I did spray some Fabreze (light spray!) as soon as I got the mattress situated. Puffed up as expected within the time frame suggested. Mattress is comfortable (some have complained that it is stiff but I like a firm mattress) and the thin material covering is exceptionally soft. I am happy with this purchase.
I already have a classic Tempurpedic queen mattress and I love it but I wanted a twin mattress for our spare bedroom for guests and also for when my husband is snoring and I need to find a quieter place to sleep. This matress fit the bill! I didn't want to spend a lot for something I would not use everyday. This mattress is just as comfortable as my queen sized bed and now I can get a good night sleep no matter which bed I sleep in!
Words really cannot describe how comfortable this mattress is. It went far beyond my expectations. Obviously at 8 inches, it's not very thick but it does not hinder the product's quality at all. For those concerned about it being not thick enough, you should go for the 12 inch version.
Got this a a replacement for old king spring mattress
Its firm and well made. so far very happy with purchase. we had a Hi quality 4" memory foam topper to add to this and together it makes a fantastic bed for us. big improvment over our 8 year old spring mattress. and just cant beat the price
I LOVE this mattress! We bought it from WalMart because we couldn't afford top of the line. They start at about $1,000 and we only had a couple hundred. This is a VERY nice mattress. I have never slept better. The only thing I don't like is that it holds in heat. We have to turn the fan on at night. Other than that, it is great.
I love my memory foam! It does hold a little body heat but I love a good warm bed. Love it! It did'nt smell like a couple of the reviews said and it was to full size that night !
I did many research before purchasing this product and landed here. I really appreciate walmart in bringing this cost effective product. The same product marketed outside costs at least $100 extra any where. We are feeling comfortable and getting a peaceful sleep. Its been only 10 days we are using this product and its really worth the money. Lets wait for 1 more month and I will sure provide a feedback to help the future buyers. Note : Don't worry on the shape and size, this product really matches the spec and comes to shape as mentioned.
I have a trundle bed frame and my back was absolutely killing me! This mattress is wonderful! My back feels 100% better! Definitely worth every penny!
Very soft and perfect for my daughter. Nice and comfortable experience.
BOUGHT THIS FOR MY 10 YEAR OLD SON
AND HE'S IN LOVE WITH THE COMFORT AND SLEEPING MUCH BETTER NOW
I bought this mattress for the guest room,and it is more comforable than the mater beddroom mattress from Costco.
My husband and I purchased the queen memory foam mattress from Sam's Club a few years ago and love it. However, spending $500 for each child was going to add up quickly. We picked up this mattress for our full sized guest bed last year. It expanded quickly (less than 24 hours) and my grandparents LOVED it. They hadn't ever slept so well and even asked where we had gotten the mattress. We ended up getting rid of our guest bed, but swapped the memory foam mattress with the full sized mattress on my son's bunk bed. My son loves this mattress! My youngest climbs into his brother's bed each night, because it is more comfortable. This week we bought our daughter this twin sized mattress after returning the 5 inch version we had bought in the store (don't waste your money). It performed exactly as the full sized bed did and is just as comfortable as our $500 mattress. We will be ordering two more for our other children!
This is the second mattress purchased and it is wonderful. My daughter seems very happy and stated she is very happy with her new bed.
The best thing money can buy....best sleep in years!!!
Good mattress
Dream sleep for us got here really fast
Once the Mattress was allowed to return to its normal shape( after being compressed) it was just as described and a great value for the price!
I purchased this for my sons room and not only does he love it I plan to purchase one for my bedroom
This mattress has been very comfortable, I would recommend it to anyone.
This is my first memory foam mattress. The difference between sleeping on this and a regular mattress is phenomenal. Am actually sleeping through the night. By the way, it did not take 48 hours for the mattress to lie flat. It took ten minutes. And yes, there's a little chemical smell, but it's fading. The mattress comes with its own cover.
1) Shipment was prompt and as expected.
2) INSTRUCTIONS VERY EASY TO UNDERSTAND
3) The only thing missing that would be helpful is a couple of memory foam pillows to match.
4) Wish everyone could sleep as good as I have, since this mattress made it here.
This mattress comes rolled up but returns to full size quickly and is ready to sleep on the night you take it out of the packaging. We have two of these mattresses now and they hold up well and are just what are young children need, especially for the price.
Purchased the mattress for our Casita travel trailer. It fits like a glove and is very comfortable. Tom
I got this to use in RV. Has the same feel as one in home for a tenth of the cost!If you like memory foam, you will love this bargain. I would definitely buy another mattress of this brand.
Great value and very comfortable.
I was so worried about getting a memory foam bed off the internet because I never slept on one before, but this bed had amazing reviews and I figured to just go with it, because my air mattress was starting to kill my back! I'm a tummy sleeper and I'm also 15 weeks pregnant, and what I love most about this mattress is I can still sleep on my stomach because the bed forms to my body. My son sleeps comfortably in between his dad and I, and we still have plenty of room. I absolutely love this mattress! I Just hope it lasts us for a while.
Got this for my 5 year old daughter. It's a great bed for her and so very comfortable. We all love it!
I didn't know what to expect because there was somewhat mixed reviews, but I took a chance and ordered it anyway. I am happy. This bed is excellent for the price, and comfortable. Came in a pretty small box and sprung into shape after just a little while. I would recommend this product for someone looking for a deal. I like it, my husband does also.
after reading all of the reviews, i had to give this mattress a try. i just bought an rv and the mattress was horrible. i got this one in a queen and it fits perfectly. it was a little flat when i rolled it out and i was waiting for the reported "chemical smell" to run me out of the rv, but it had absolutely no odor whatsoever. i let it expand from the weekend i put it in till the following weekend, and it looks to be pretty close to 8" as described. big thing is, it is a dream to sleep on. i couldn't have made a better choice for the money. my suggestion is to get one, that the majority of the reviews are spot on!!!
I was skeptical about this due to the price, but it's wonderful. I wasn't sure if I would like memory foam, and do prefer something a bit softer, but this is exactly what it says it is. When comparing prices, I can't believe it. Well worth it!
Received this bed in a box in good shape. Opened box, followed instructions, and voila ! ... moments later had a queen-sized, comfortable, beautiful, relaxing bed. No odor as mentioned in some other reviews. It was almost too easy, and we've had good night's sleep ever since. Wal Mart does it right, and we've become loyal shoppers over the months now. We read the reviews of this bed and we weren't disappointed. Really don't need any box spring, so we'll just find a nice platform for it, and we're all set. Another good quality purchase for us from Wal Mart.
I will know buy my mattress from here they are better then I thought.
Had a very expensive king size posterpeudic mattress which is a waste of money when compared to this one. This is classic for the price. We co-sleep with baby and this is perfect
Great mattress, great comfort, great value and fast shipping!!!!
Great mattress for the price. I'm pretty short and I do weigh about 110 lb, so most mattresses are comfortable for me, but this one is just shy of being as comfortable as my old Tempurpedic mattress.
Surprisingly comfortable!!
We purchased this Mattress for our sleepover guests and this it a great product
What a great value! I just ordered another one for my guest room. Spectacularly comfortable, super inexpensive, really good deal.
Not only did I think this was a great mattress for the price, I plan to buy another one for the guest bedroom. I do recommend that if you are buying for adults you should buy the thicker mattresses. I have the 8" one and anyone over 200 lbs might have a problem.
Took a few days to get to 8", not sure if it ever got entirely there because we started using it at 7 3/4". Very comfortable so far(been in use about 3 weeks). Slight smell from packing went away quickly. Nothing else to say...it is a great value for the money. Oh, I use it on an Ikea bed (full) with a slatted base so that the foam can breathe. Apparently if the slats are less than 3" there is no issue. Like it a lot and less than others out there.
Have been sleeping on it for several months now. Very comfortable. Way easier to move than a box springs and mattress. Very happy with it so far.
Just open the vacuum packed box and watch them expand into a full size 8" mattress! Amazing.
We were anxious to find good mattresses for our camper and these work just fine. They are retaining their shape well and the smell was 90% gone within 24 hours. Thank you.
VERY COMFORTABLE, THIS PRODUCT ARRIVE IN A FEW DAYS WAS EASY TO INSTALL AND IS SO COMFORTABLE I WISH WE'D PURCHASED YEARS AGO! VERY IMPRESSIVE PRICE DEFINATELY A GREAT BUY!!!
I wake up every morning without a sore back. It feels like you're sleeping on air. Its VERY firm, but your body creates no pressure points on it, so its really nice. LOVE IT! Best mattress I ever had.
Foam smell gone in a day, regained full size in a day, comfort as expected. This is a great buy.
It is all the previous reviews say and more. I love it.
I bought 2 of these 8" full size mattresses for my boys' (14 & 6) big bunk beds. The mattresses sit atop 3"-wide wooden slats spaced about 2-1/2" apart. So far, they do not sag between the slats at all. They fully inflated within 15 minutes and had virtually no odor. A little on the firm side, but no one in my house weighs over 150 lbs. If you're heavy, you'd probably want to consider a thicker size. A huge selling point for me beside the price was the removable - hence washable - cover. And don't let the low price throw you; it's one of the very few times I've felt I gotten MORE for my money. I'd actually give these an extra star just for the huge savings.
We purchased this item based on all the wonderful reviews. We were not disappointed. This is a great product. We plan on buying a king sized memory foam mattress in the near future.
I've been sleeping on this bed for about 9 months now. I think it's amazing. I also love the convenience convenience of it coming in a box. I have a spiral staircase so getting furniture up it is a nightmare. My only complaint is that it's very light so if you bump into it, it will move easily. However this makes moving it or picking it up very easy! Love this bed!!!
We brought it home, opened it up, aired it out for 24 hrs and put it on our frame. The odor was very evident the first night. We are very happy with it and plan on buying another one. I would recommend a mattress cover to use over the one it comes with because the one it comes with is hard to remove and put on because it is a large bag. It is warmer than a regular mattress to sleep on.
Not much more to say, easy for 2 older people to carry in and out of the car, did have that weird smell but we closed the door and let it air out with the windows open for 2 days -- no smell at all when we slept on it. We've had these before, and yes, bad chemical smell could last for weeks, so we knew to just let it air out with window fresh air and it made the smell go away in 2 days.
OMG! We have had a three inch memory foam mattress topper over our mattress and it has been great however, my husband had hurt his back and having trouble sleeping through the night in one position. Since we have received our Spa Sensations, we have both enjoyed the comfort of a restful nights sleep. We had no problem with any strong odor. It comes vacuum sealed, ready to put into position so that when the sealed plastic is cut from the mattress, it begins the expanding process. It may take a couple of days for full expansion. You will be pleased if you make this purchase in my humble opinion. I am glad that I did!!!
my husband and I recently bought this mattress. we were both a bit skeptical due to the cheap price tag, but it has been the most comfortable mattress I have ever slept on. it does sleep a bit warm but that seems typical of memory foam. both of us are extremely satisfied and glad we didn't pay 800+ for a more known brand.
For a den. My 230 # husband thinks it is quite comfortable.
ok so this is the second mattress I've bought from WalMart. The first was 8 years ago. It was also a Spa sensation. I still use it in the guest room. I bought the new one for the master bedroom. I LOVE this mattress. You have to let it spend about 4 days in an open room flat on the floor to let it come back to size and air out. But it is so comfortable that both my son and daughter have bought them. I like it too because it makes me forget I have had back surgery! SOOO comfortable! LOVE IT!!
I bought this bed as a Christmas present for my mother who is disabled. Because of her illnesses she is in bed almost constantly. The springs in regular mattresses wear out in places after awhile and she would roll towards the depressions in the mattress. I did a lot of research and decided that memory foam seemed the most durable and would prevent her from rolling. This mattress arrived FAST with free shipping and the quality is way beyond what I expected. She slept better than ever the first night on this bed. She loves it and it's comfortable for her fibromyalsia. I love how these beds come in a box and expand. It's really convenient to set up. It expands quickly and there was never any smell as some people have posted. My mom is very picky about comfort and her bed (she has 8 pillows), and the fact that she loves this bed and talks about it constantly says a lot. It's firm for heavier people but not too firm. I liked it so much that I just ordered the 10" for myself! I will update this review in time if the bed isn't durable or if anything changes.
I was really nervous buying this mattress but I must say I am impressed...for one I ordered it early Friday morning and it was at my front door Saturday afternoon it is heavy but in a couple hrs after opening it, it did get to the 8 inches and I ordered a platform frame to go with it but I was too excited and tried it on the floor due to sleeping on a air mattress for almost 2 months.....AWESOME...my niece an nephew an I slept on it and I woke up for once with no kind of pain an felt beyond refreshed an the kids loved it so deffintley buying the twin ones for their room...and u can't beat the free shipping....I gave it 5 stars but waiting on the frame to see if it still will be as comfortable as it is when I had it on floor....
We like these mattresses so much, each person in the family has one. They are very comfortable and supportive. No more waking up in the morning stiff. I HIGHLY recommend this product!
Expanded the full 8' within a day. Super comfy! Absolutely worth buying!!
We just received this memory foam mattress. WE LOVE IT. The reviews were correct.
I bought this mattress for my teenaged son. He is using it with his 2 inch memory foam topper and says it's very comfortable. It expanded to full volume very quickly when we opened it, and isn't so thick his regular sheets won't fit it. He likes it, so I'm happy...
Comes compressed and needs 12 hours to return to normal...after about 3rd nite got adjusted to the firmness..Seems the toss N turning nites are over...Just wished I'd done this a year ago..Have King size bed and can say this Memory Foam Mattress is 100 X better than my orginal mattress which cost almost $1,000...I'm very pleased and highly recommend this item....
Bought this for our daughter's bunk bed and it's so comfortable. She really liked her old mattress, but loves this one even more!!
Great product for the price.
Recommend it for anyone.
Received within 2 days. Great product for the price. Anyone who needs to replace mattress and have very low budget for it this is a great selection for one. We used this in our camper with no box spring under it. Sleeps very good!
This was more than I expected from a "bed in a box". I went back & forth on whether to buy a mattress I never tested. Then after thinking about how I spent $600 on my last one & it lasted only 6 years, maybe $179.99 was worth the risk. And it WAS worth it!!! How ever long this mattress lasts, I WILL buy another!!!
I purchased this in a full size for the bottom bunk of the metal bunk beds in my son's room. It arrived in 2 days, which was great, especially since it was free!
The box was pretty heavy, but I was able to get it upstairs by sliding and pushing it by myself.
It was easy to open and filled out in a couple of hours.
There was a faint smell, we have two new memory foam mattresses in his room and the smell was really not bad. I opened the windows and turned on a fan to help air them out.
The mattress is fairly firm, but comfortable. I laid down on it for a couple of hours when my son went to bed and it was every bit as comfortable as my $1000+ mattress. I actually thought about going back in there it was so comfy!
Overall, a great purchase!
Bought this for my grandchild. She loves it.
Comfortable mattress
This mattress was purchased because I could not fit a standard queen size box spring upstairs
into my room. A friend of mine had this mattress and he told me that it came in a box all folded up. I couldn't be more pleased with it. The mattress is comfortable and was a cinch to get out of the box.
Bought this for my son, and I am buying another for myself! Its just the right amount of firm, but still soft. Very supportive, feels great on your back! Highly recommend!
It feels perfect. my partner slept on the bed with me and when i move around , he doesnt feel a thing.
Only one bedroom in the house left to be converted to memory foam. Love it!! Comfortable and very economical. Comes in small box and takes a little time to get to full plumpness. Also, has a chemical smell that lasts a couple days. I really don't know why you would purchase anything else.
This product (Memory Foam Mattress) that I purchased Walmart online exceeded my expectations. It is the best prize and quality and half the prize of what most furniture stores nationwide offer. Simply it is Excellent. I loved it.
I was really surprized at how comfortable this mattress is to sleep on. For the price I would recommend this mattress to anyone! I researched mattresses for a long time and finally settled on this mattress. The price is very affordable and the quality is excellent!! When this mattress arrived it was in a smallish box and I just knew it would not do for me!! Once I took it out of the box and it started opening up, I was surprized that the california king sized mattress was in that box. It fit wonderfully and I was so proud of myself for getting such a great deal! All of the other mattresses were so much more expensive and nowhere near the quality of this one!!
This is such a wonderfully comfy bed! It sits low if you do not have a box spring, but it was a dream to take out of the packaging and use right away. It is not heavy and seems to hold it's shape very well.
Love this mattress. I went by the reviews and bought it, and I really like the comfort level.
Easy to handle packaging, very easy to unpack and set up mattress. Very comfortable
We received this mattress in 3 days after ordering online. It came in a small box for a queen size mattress, rolled up in it's bag. (Easy to handle & expanded as they said it would.) We didn't experience a weird smell like some had reported, & were sleeping on it the 1st night...no problem. It expanded to it's full 8" size by the 2nd night.
We had a regular good mattress with a foam topper on it, so this was our 1st full foam bed. I have a bad lower back & lots of aches & pains, and it used to be tough sleeping comfortably through the night without all kinds of tossing & turning & maybe getting up during the night, followed by alot of stiffness getting up in the morning. Not anymore...this is great! We both are sleeping more soundly & comfortably, and waking up feeling better in the morning. I'm even waking up later. What a great investment! I had shopped around before purchasing this mattress, including going to a few stores & laying down on a number of different mattresses, including some foam ones, and I was surprised at the so-called "sale prices" on "good" mattresses. I liked an 8" memory foam bed I had checked out, but it was on sale for around $1000. I am so glad I checked good old Walmart. This Spa Sensations is a really good deal & a great night's sleep!!
One of the good decisions I have taken, though I have been a bit apprehensive initially while buying online.
I wanted to let everyone know that these mattress are not all made equal. As you can tell from the reviews everyone has a different experience with the odor and firmness. Mine had almost no smell, was slightly firm, and rose to 8" in no time at all. So for about $200 you are taking a chance on getting what the best reviews are telling. I like mine, although I have yet to sleep an entire night on it.
I love the product and plan on buying 2 more queen size mattresses in a few weeks.
I really like this bed. it does what the write up says it will do
I made an emergency move to be close to my ailing mother and I had nothing but a donated, old box spring mattress. It was too soft and hurt my back. This mattress is very firm, but starts softening up a little over time. I enjoy a firm mattress and this sucker fits the bill perfectly. No more back pain! I was debating getting the 12" mattress but this turned out to be a perfect fit for me. Combined with the Spa Sensations queen sized bed frame this is a real winner. I started sleeping on it within 24 hours of opening the package. Setup was easily done on my lunch break!
This mattress met my expectations with comfort, my husband couldn't stop talking about how comfortable it is. The only thing I didn't like, was that it's suppose to be an 8" foam, I left it flat for 48 hours as recommended, but it only got to 6".
This is my first Family size bed and I'm loving it.
Love this mattress. This is the second one that I have purchased.
My husband and I went to a mattress store and spent 2 hours trying out many styles and brands of mattresses. We found one we really found to be extremely comfortable but it was $2400.00. I came home and read the reviews on the mattresses on theWalmart website. We took a chance and purchased 2 of the 8" double size spa sensations mattresses for the kids and the Contura III - 12'' Memory Foam Mattress king size for our bed. We are all extremely happy with our purchase and have been sleeping beautifully for 2 weeks now. Even if we have to replace them in 5-8 years, we will definitely purchase new ones of the same again.
We purchased this mattress for our guest room and this week we had guests from out of town, they raved about the comfort. They are returning in two weeks, did we make a mistake? should we have purchased a less comfortable mattress? (I think not!)
I really enjoy this mattress it meets all expectations especially that I suffer from degenerative disc with bulging disc...
Bought this mattress for my son's first "big boy bed." He's been sleeping great on it. I put a waterproof mattress cover on it and it's been working really well for our purposes.
I bought the queen size bed for my daughter at college. We both slept on it the first night. It is just the most comfortable mattress.... great night sleep.
Good mattress for good price. I do not know if will last 5 years like the warranty, but for now it is very confortable.
So Comfortable. Great Value
Most fascinating bed I have ever slept on, with this price range. Excellent packaging, very lightweight to be manageable by a single girl without assistance. The bed frames actually as two separate vertically divided half frames in a box and the mattress spans across two bed frames to make a queen bed. The picture probably does not show it clearly but it is much more manageable like two frames side by side making a queen frame and then lying a single mattress on it. Good assembly and very easy.
This mattress is a great value! It's very firm, but definitely forms to your body as you sleep. I can say I've had the best nights sleep on this mattress and would recommend it to anyone with back or hip problems.
Very reliable mattress, love it
We are very happy with the bed. We were skeptical at first while ordering but it turned out to be as expected from its descriptions without any defects as such.
I bought this mattress based on the price and the product review. They were right! Very comfortable, good nights sleep. The way I figure it if it doesn't hold up as well as the overpriced alternatives I can afford to buy a new one. Great product for the price.
I tried out the mattress for my Grandson's bed and it felt so good. He said it was the best nights sleep he has had.
I bought this mattress for my 7 year old grand daughter who had been complaining about her old mattress. This new mattress is very comfortable, reasonably priced and well made. Good value.
What an AMAZING deal! I absolutely love it. Amazing quality, very attractive/soft cover, good size/thickness, so easy to set up, very comfortable. Still can't believe how cheap it was. SO GLAD i didn't buy the semi-ok mattress for $600.00 at the local mattress store. All the good reviews are true. The people who said it feels like sleeping on a pile of bricks clearly have never slept on a pile of bricks.
Believe the other reviews, this bed is amazing! Great sleep for the price. I will never go back to a spring mattress.
this mattress is very supportive yet comfy. This is my second memory foam through walmart and I am pleased again. Inflated to 7" and 3/4 but that is fine with me. The smell barely bothered at all.
I was in a time crunch, looking for a mattress that would allow me to enjoy sleeping for a price that would allow me to continue to eat. This product does both. I sleep very well every night--no tossing or turning, and I almost always wake up in the same position I feel asleep in. Perhaps the only downside is that the mattress is a bit firm, and some mornings I wake up with a stiff back, but this is a rare occasion. The "chemical smell" disappeared very quickly, and the mattress puffed to full size in about 12 hours. I slept on it the following night. Great value, great mattress.
Great mattress for the price. I finally get to rest comfortably and have less back and neck pains in the morning. I would really recommend this mattress.
I purchased 2 of these, a queen and full size for our second home. We were looking for something that was light to carry up and down stairs since we rent our house out but keep our personal belonging in the garage. I had them sent to my home and waited to open them once we arrived at our second home. They are the BEST. They did not take long to fully open and there really was no odor. They are so comfortable it is hard to believe. You can't even feel when the other person gets on or off the bed. I purchased this based on the reviews and here I am joining them. I don't normally rate reviews but this was one I have to share.
I am a graduate student and I bought this mattress to go with an IKEA platform bed. At first I was skeptical... the first night of sleep I tossed and turned before getting comfortable. Now I am sleeping peacefully through the night and waking up feeling rested. The mattress is not too firm, but it is not squishy like a pillow top. It is very different. Overall, I am getting great sleep! Usually I wake up during the night, but for the past two weeks I haven't. Hooray for good values! Oh yea, definitely reserve time to let it air out for at least 48 hours in a well ventilated area.
I really enjoy my mattress and it has helped my back. I haven't slept on my back in years and now I can again. This is a really great mattress as far as I am concerned. It has the perfect amount of firmness without being too firm for me. I now sleep like a baby. Wonderful product. I wake refreshed every morning now.
Mother came to visit and was perfectly content in this bed at night and sitting on it during the day reading a book. It really is comfy.
I received this mattress a day early and immediately opened it to allow it to expand. Within a few hours it expanded to the full eight inches and was very even. I did remove the mattress from it's cover to allow the foam to breath and expand better and I also flipped the mattress over this morning to allow the other side to air out. I did lay on it for an hour to check the comfort and it seems to be quite comfortable.

I did not notice any lingering smells and I have a keen sense of smell. I am using this mattress in my RV and will sleep on it this weekend and repot back regarding the comfort factor!

So far, I am very pleased with this purchase!
This was the same thickness (8 inch) as I had looked at at my local mattress store for almost HALF the price. For a teenagers bed I just couldn't justify spending the $350 that the furniture store wanted, plus the didn't have it in stock and would have had to order anyway. I went home and got on Walmart.com and the mattress was here within 2 days. My only complaint would be that the cover/material on top is a little loose and so it has a tendency to wrinkle up. Overall it is VERY comfortable and my son loves it!
Fantastic Mattress! We were about to leave for a 3 week trip in our RV and kind of dreading sleeping on that RV bed for that long. After looking for a mattress topper we came upon this mattress and the thousands of reviews. Short story, we bought, we love it, it has exceeded all expectations, we are thinking of buying a thicker version of the same mattress to replace the one at home.

Oh, we had no issues with odor, expansion, or anything .
I will never again spend $700+ on a Sealy or Serta mattress. This 8" Spa Sensations mattress is super comfortable, I found the 8" to be a good thickness and firmness for me (150 pounds) and my partner (120 pounds). Best of all, when one of us gets out of the bed, you can't even feel the other person get out! The first couple of nights I had a sore back, but after about a week, my body got used to the supportive bliss of the memory foam mattress. I would definitely buy another one of these 8" Spa Sensations mattresses again. Plus others' praise of Walmart's ease in returning the mattress makes it an even more attractive option.
This mattress met all my expectations. I was really surprised when I saw the package since I always expected a bigger package.
Once unpacked in less than 48 hours it had completely expanded and is exactly what I expected from the product. Really comfortable!
this thing arrived in 3 days only with regular shipping. and i have to say. i have bought many mattress from ikea for triple of this price. but this is just wow. its sturdy yet so comfy. and very thick. and doesnt sink fast. never had a better sleep until now. seriously.
The mattress was delivered much faster than promised. WOW. Go Walmart.

Packaging was minimal and appropriate. I am retired, mildly disabled and vertically challenged. I was able to unpack and set up myself.

I was pleased odor was not present. This may be related to the fast delivery and possibly to packaging just before shipping. I am guessing here since this type of product will build odors during extended storage. A problem which is sometimes an issue with memory foam. The odor is usually from the chemicals used to manufacture the mattress. They dissipate over time. though some are very sensitive to them. I detected no odor immediately after unpacking or later.

As far as comfort, no surprise. I have used this brand before and simply went to a larger mattress.
Nice solid mattress. Firm and not too hot like many foam mattresses. The foam also has no smell out of the box. Very quick delivery.
Seems a good value. Comfortable.
I needed a bed. Had memory foam in mind. I have been moving around, sleeping on an uncomfortable Ikea pull-out cardboard-like couch (though I'm a fan of Ikea), on a spring pull-out sofa bed, and air beds for months. So I know I can sleep on anything, but I wanted a REAL bed; was ready to treat myself to something comfortable. The beds I saw at Ikea in person for their prices didn't blow my mind though... after searching wherever I fell on the internet, I fell on Walmart. It was under $200, amazing reviews, and now I find myself writing one as well. There was a new/green-tea smell, only lasted a day- didn't bother me. and I got a twin, so as soon as I unpacked it, it was ready to use. I'm happy- you'll be happy too.
The two mattresses in my RV needed to be replaced. These cut to fit so easy and are so comfortable. I am so thrilled with these.
We bought this mattress a couple of years ago to replace an old one that was handed down to my eldest daughter. My daughter absolutely loves this mattress. She says it's sooo comfortable. Now that she's away at college, she constantly comments how much she misses her bed and always says so again when she is home on breaks.

My mother-in-law loves this bed too, as she uses my eldest daughter's room when she visits. The first time she slept on the bed, she couldn't believe that her back didn't hurt in the morning. Thinking it a fluke, she reiterated her surprise by the end of her visit saying that the bed was the most comfortable bed she's slept in. On subsequent visits, she again praised the bed and the quality of sleep she received. She wished she had one at her own house. I just recently ordered this bed again for my mother-in-law and she received it right away. She wrote to me telling me that the bed was just as comfortable as she remembered it at our house and now loves waking up in the mornings without back pain. Her old bed was constantly giving her lower back pain.

All in all, this bed is a great value for what it costs and the quality of comfort it delivers. When the time comes for us to replace our own bed, the dear hubby and I will be buying this same mattress.
I bought this mattress trying to find a bed that my husband can sleep on. I cant afford a sleep number so I thought I would give this a try. I bought the king size and the frame and the total was 355. At this moment I'm very pleased with this mattress. I did the site to store and it arrived three days early. Took out of the box and set it up and right away it expanded nice and evenly to 5 inches. I left it over night when I checked on it in the morning it was at 7 inches. Oh and it no smell what so ever. I will leave it for the full 48 hours like it recommends and see if it gets to the 8 inch mark. I cant wait to try it out. Once we sleep on it I will update my review.
I looked online and locally but could not beat this deal. It arrived today and there was no odor as indicated. Looks great on the new platform bed also purchased from Walmart.com.
Not the perfect mattress but a really good one for the price. Soft enough for the wife and stiff enough for me. Brother in law has a $800.00 12" Twin XL from an other maker and this one is nearly as comfortable. Would I recommend this to someone looking for a good night's sleep, YES. Mattress is plain vanilla and rectangular so what features are they?
We boughyt this for our 15 year old son and he loves it. He says his back feels better already.
This mattress has been a complete wonder for me. I have had back issues in the past with normal spring mattresses and after just 2 nights I wake up feeling wonderful without any pain. I loved it so much I bought one for my mom !!
This was a great purchase. The mattress is a little firmer than I was expecting. I bought the 8". I may buy the 12", even buying both is way less than some of the "name" brand foam mattresses I looked at. The cover is nice. It's easy to make the bed. Highly suggest this bed.
Our daughter loves this mattress! Not much else to say. :)
I was a little nervous about ordering such a big item online. When we first opened the package I thought it was going to be really thin and thought I might send it back. The next morning we were pleasantly surprised how big it got. It is so comfortable you want to stay in bed longer. The sheets fit just right. I priced the mattress locally and found they were all more than$100 over what we paid and we did not have to haul it to the house, it came directly to us.
I sleep well now, it's very comfortable. Slight odor at first, seems to go away in a few days though.
I bought a king size mattress because of it's great review. Turn out, it's very comfortable. I bought an 8 inches but it never raise up to 8. Just stay a little over 6 inches. Once you got it stain, hard to come off. Plus it sank down a lot when you sat on it. If you're on a heavy side, I suggest you get the memory foam with spring support. Otherwise, everything else it good. Though wish, it would come in different color.
Its firm compared to my pillowtop mattress, so I just added a $30 reg egg crate style 1.5" foam mattress topper to it, and its perfect!!!
This mattress is surprisingly comfortable, it fully expanded to the full 8" within 1 day. We love this mattress...great value...great product!
I puRchased this mattress in twin for my teenager and he loves it! My husband and I have a high end memory foam mattress and after laying on this one it is amazing for the price!
I bought the king of this last year for a guest room and all my guests have loved it. We recently added another guest room and ordered the same mattress. I only wish it came in 10", 8" is a bit low, 12" is a bit too high.
I've used this mattress for 2 weeks and am impressed with it. I sleep well and awake with no aches or pains. It is supportive without being overly firm. I think it is a good value for the money. I think it is designed to be used without a box spring which means I need to get rid of my old box spring.
Very comfortable.
After reading some very negative reviews I almost didn't purchase this mattress. I'm so happy I did, it's super comfortable and firm. Mine has expanded to it's full size now and fits in my IKEA bed perfectly. Just might move up to the 12'
This mattress was for my 12 year old daughter. We put the mattress on top of her existing box spring. She loves this mattress. It is very comfortable and she wakes up easier in the morning. Once out of the shipping box it recovered to full size very quickly, less than the 48 hours stated in the instructions. This is a comfortable mattress and great price, a perfect combination.
very comfortable mattress, reasonable price , packaged good, was easy to set in place, received promptly, I would recommend this mattress to others 'cause it does relieve pain and does give you a good night sleep. it's well made too.
Very comfortable,no more rolling around trying to find a comfortable position. Hard to believe that a mattress would expand into a king size after taking it out of the box. I look forward to going to bed and waking up in the morning without pain and drowsiness. Price was reasonable and it was delivered right to my door.
I bought this for my 3 year old for a convertifble crib that makes into a full size with rails. I wasn't sure how it would work without a box spring but it's perfect. I have a very expensive TempurPedic and honestly it's close in comfort. She is only 35 lbs and it works for her. Not sure how it will work long term as she gets bigger. Great buy!
The first night I slept on this mattress is the best sleep I've had since my mother's arms!
I was very impressed with this mattress! Smell went away quickly and within 24 hrs was at 8in. Height as stated in the instructions. I love it!!
Comfortable mattress great value just a tad longer than regular twin
Great... helped alot with my back pain
I got this bed because I needed a king size bed so my husband and I could sleep together again. He kicks a lot in his sleep so I thought a bigger bed would help with that. We are on a very tight budget and thought this bed may be an option. We thought about this for a long time and almost ended up going into a mattress store and going into debt for over 1k for a fancy mattress. I'm so glad we didn't do that. This mattress is great. I can hardly feel any movement even though my husband flops like a dying fish when he sleeps. We have had it for a couple of months now and it's not sagging or anything. It did hurt my back for a few days but I stuck it out and now I'm so glad I did. Now that I'm used to it I think it's the most comfortable mattress I have ever slept on. I had a lot of leg pain with my old mattress and that is better now. I don't think I will ever buy a traditional mattress ever again.
I am satisfied with this mattress, I wake up feeling relaxed.
Best sleep I had in a long time.
It is great for my back, no more pain. Perfect gift for myself.
I purchased this mattress after sleeping for a few nights on one which my Mother had purchased. It is extroirdinary that a mattress in this price range, delivers such a comfortable, peaceful sleep. I plan to order another, my Mother has ordered two and, both my brother and sister have purchased the same mattress.
Spa Sensations 8" Memory Foam Mattress, is very comfortable, reasonable price, would recommend.
This is a great product to purchase. It is comfortable and simple as well as inexpensive
I have it on my daybed and boy is it confty!!!
Very comfortable
I follow the instructions and it worked just like in the description till it reached its 8 inches.
Nice and easy, very comfortable mattress for the price.
I bought it only two weeks ago but so far so good.
This is my second mattress I bought from Walmart and I am equally pleased with this purchase.
I can't find any difference between the most expensive brand and spa sensations except the price. Having it delivered to the house was convenient and it arrived on time.I am very pleased with my purchase.
Ok was skeptical in buying but read reviews and decided to take a chance( columbus did) best buy ever!!!!! so worth it i got the King 8in memory foam was socked that a king mattresws could fit in the box that it cam in. Set up was a breeze on the platform bed that i bought as well like 10 min total. I let the mattress fully expand(and it did) for 2 days before sleeping on it....... BEST SLEEP I HAVE HAD IN A WHILE so worth it. Its like sleeping on a cloud!!!!!
This mattress is excellent. It provides great support and comfort.
Excellent quality and value. Very pleased with this mattress.
Most convenient mattress ever. Took only a few hours before mattress was at its full height. Since came in a box, was able to throw in back of Murano along with the boxed frame that was purchased at the same time. Best thing is - No Box Spring mattress!!!
We got this for our spare room. My granddaughter loves it.
I am Very happy with matress,great for the price. Bill
We are so happy to have found a memory foam that is a reasonable price. We are using this for our trailer. We now have the comforts of home in our trailer. We may be replacing our home mattress with this one very soon.
I purchased the Full Size mattress for my daugher.
It came rolled up in a box and it only took the 48 hours to expand.
Would definitely make sure that you put it in a well-ventilated room (complete with a fan blowing the smell out of the room) during the expansion time.
My daughter is sleeping a lot better on this type of mattress than she did on a regular mattress. Am definitely thinking about getting a king size one, once I save up the money.
i would buy this again. and its warranteed for 5 yrs.
We bought this mattress for our daughter's new "big kid" bed. It is far more comfortable than expected and the price was great. We'll be buying a King size soon I'm sure.
This is a low priced way to pamper yourself...we are strapped financially but this mattress is our treat to us!!
Great
Received as scheduled and expanded to the promised 8". Was bought to use in our camper and we are very pleased with our purchase.
The mattress is a dream! Free delivery to my house. For the cost it is the best mattress I have ever purchased.
Very comfortable. Has helped my back pain.
I was pleased with my purchase. It's a great value. I put this on top of my IKEA Malm bed frame and it's been great. I needed something somewhat cheap for my apartment and this is doing the job just fine. To note, it is pretty firm.
My husband and I purchased the Spa Sensations California King, after using the dreadful Sleep Number in the same size for nearly 2 years. I stand at 5'2" & my better whole measures 6'5 1/2" so neither a king or queen would benefit us both. Having looked on various websites, we decided on the 8" CK from Walmart. Considering its size, it arrived in a good sized box, but much smaller than expected. My husband had to assist the delivery man with bringing it in, and he uses a cane so with one hand, each step was careful, of course. It didn't take much to get it unwrapped, and to get it unfolded was just as easy. The smell of it, while noticeable, was thankfully not bad at all on either of us. The mattress maybe took a full 2 days to reach the 8" size we ordered, and we both were initially concerned if it would be too soft or too firm. It is firm to be sure, but just right. conforming to our bodies like a glove so the soft comes alive, as well. Now, we just the right pillows to match the same level of comfort. Definitely HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
Caveat: I've been around the world and learned to sleep on nearly any sleeping implement there is. Because of this, I don't have as many comfortability issues that some pickier folks might.
I am a side and stomach sleeper, and I weigh 170 pounds, and am 6' tall.

I got this a few weeks ago. I followed the directions, and the bed was pretty much full size after a few hours.
There was a slight factory/chemical smell, but I did as instructed and let it air for 24 hours. Now it's not an issue.

I sleep very comfortably on this bed. I've had no problems. I am so proud of myself for finding such a darn good deal.
I purchased this mattress along with the Queen size bed frame. It is amazingly comfortable! It is hard to believe that there is no foundation underneath the mattress. Do give it a few days to "air" out before putting any bedding on it. I sprayed lavender febreze on it and that helped a lot with cutting down the odor of the memory foam. You will sleep very well on this mattress!
After reading some of the reviews, I was a little worried about the set up. I had it delivered and unrolled it, and it immediately took perfect shape. It had finished expanding by later that evening and I slept on it that night. Great!!!
Love this bed! So comfortable and so worth the money! I can't believe the price of this mattress and how awesome the quality is.
I took the king size and the mattress is very good and spacious enough.
I've been living on memory foam toppers since 2003 and love them, about 5 years ago I bought
the SS MF 8" mattress and used it as a foundation for 2 two inch toppers, but they just kinda got
old and weak, so I bought a new 8" unit and its now the foundation for the old 8" unit.
I love it, it's firm but not hard and I sleep much better, like when the toppers were new.
Very pleased with delivery on time. Orded Cal King it was exactly correct size.There was a faint smell when we upacked it but was gone the next day. Let it come to full size and slept on it 3rd night. We really like the way it sleeps it is very comfortable.. No problems at all...
I was a bit skeptical at first ordering without seeing it... But I took a chance and it paid off... I love this mattress...Gald I purchased it
This is my second purchase. First round I trusted the reviews and took the plunge, no regrets, best decision made. Now for round 2, smaller size, but great for the buck. I will return over and over for this and you should seriously consider it for yourself.

True it is a firmer setup so if you have a problem with firmness or adjusting to it you might want to stay with the softer series but we actually found that after an adjustment period, we love the more firmness of this mattress.

Our original is now about 2 years old and still holding up very well.

I recommend this, as do many others, for your consideration.
I bought a twin size for my 2 year old daughter's bed, it's so comfortable that I laid down with her and ended up sleeping before her. I'm definitely buying one for myself.
The mattress is good. de-compressed in mins and ready to use right away. Love it :)
This mattress is sooooo comfy. I was worried when I unrolled it that it would be lumpy--some places were depressed, others were raised and rippled like ocean waves. I gave it a full two days to rest, and it smoothed out completely. it is pretty light for its size, and incredibly comfortable. It feels really soft, but is supportive and firm. I don't even think about it when sleeping on it--I don't think about coils or springs or getting comfortable. It's pretty great!
The mattress was delivered on time and easy to set-up. It is dream to sleep on compared to our conventional mattress. The Memory foam mattress was placed on top of our existing box spring...no problems whatsoever.
MY SON LOVES HIS SPA SENSATIONS 8 MEMORY FOAM MATTRESS
Read the reviews before making purchase-- I-was a little hesitant at first to place order BUT I am certainly happy that I did. I have parkinsons in addition to back and joint problems---sleeping in a bed was difficult and was lucky if I got 2 to 3 hours/night and I definitely did not feel rested on arising. The first night I slept 6-7 hours--woke up refreshed and thrilled. Initially the mattress only expanded to 6 inches but with time it reached it's advertised 8 inches. I feel like I'm sleeping on a cloud and have actually slept up to 12 hours when really tired----I can not say enough about this product except I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE IT!!!! Will be ordering another for the trundle part of the daybed.
Very nice matress @ very reasonable price
Happy customer
Nothing great mattress
Wow. This mattress is comfortable. I bought it for my son, but I might go ahead and buy one for me too!! This mattress came with free shipping via Fed Ex. It comes delivered vacuum packed in a box. It quickly reformed and expanded. Highly recommended.
Great bed
I have a bad back and this mattress is wonderful. I lay down with no pain and wake up well rested. It keeps you cool through the night as well. I am very pleased with my purchase and plan on purchasing more to send to a few of my family members in a different country.

I love that there was no assembly required and very little effort in setting up. My neighbor was shocked it was a mattress in a box and was skeptical bout its quality. After seeing how easy it was to remove from its packaging and how quickly it took to set up was intrigued. She laid on the mattress and instantly commented how wonderful it felt. She ordered two a few minutes later.
We bought 2 of these to go on the Charleston Storage Loft Beds that we bought for our children. I was hesitant about buying these after reading reviews about the scent of the bed, even if others found it pleasant, my son is SUPER sensitive to smells, add that to the fact that they didn't fully decompress for some and I was a little hesitant about buying this mattress, but figured for the price we'll give it a try. I was shocked at the size of the box it came in...couldn't image a twin mattress being stuffed in a box like that. We opened the boxes and laid the mattresses out in a well ventilated room, at that point they already measured 6 1/4 inches for one and 6 1/2 for the other. We left them for two nights and they were fully decompressed at just about an 1/8th of an inch shy of 8". Of course we "smelled" the mattress ..never thought I'd be writing that in a review ... and it was a fresh clean scent.. I guess "green tea ish" but a clean wonderful tea! They've been sleeping on them for about a week now and the scent is just about gone. Did I mention how comfortable these are!? Oh yes...you're back will thank you, and your wallet too, what a great price!
Delivery was perfect, came in a bag; we were surprised! Unzipped, unrolled, let the mattress breathe for a few hours, couldn't wait to sleep on it! And when we did, we couldn't wake up! We have never slept so well in such a long time. So definitely recommend this. It's firm but it does sink in a bit. For the price it's not bad at all!
It meets my expectation.
I read multiple reviews on this mattress and agree with all of the positive ones and disagree with all of the negative ones - I have not experienced any of the negative things others have written about.
The mattress is very comfortable, neither too soft nor too hard (and I think I have a slight preference against soft mattresses).
I honestly have nothing negative to say.
Also, the mattress unfolds very quickly and mine did not have any bad smells due to packaging.
I really like this mattress.it plumped up great within a few hours.i had a different brand before,this one is much softer and more comfy.i needed a topper with my old memory foam,but I don't with this one.i'm sure it's all a matter of opinion but I find this a nice mattress for the price.
The bed was a great transition from a futon bunk bed. Very comfortable, makes me feel like i overpaid for my bed from sleepys. It was a great buy and definitely not bad for an eight inch bed. I a, more than satisfied. And now he wants to keep his room clean.
Excellent
I bought this mattress for my daughter's room. She loves it and when she is away at school, I sometimes sleep in it. It is surprisingly firm and was easy to get up our U shaped staircase. I have already suggested this mattress to a co-worker shopping for the high cost alternative.
Great pricing, great quality, so comfortable
I ordered this king-sized memory foam mattress because of a narrow stairway leading upstairs in my older home. It arrived in a box, folded and rolled up. My sister and I removed it from the box, carried it upstairs and removed the plastic. (not really very heavy) The mattress expands over several hours. It is firm with just the right amt of support but comfort as memory foam should be. I really, really like it.
My picky 15 year old daughter loves it!!
It was better than expected
This mattress is so comfy! I wake up with no back pain in the morning!
so after reading the good and bad reviews on this mattress i decided to take a chance and order it because the value was unbeatable. It arrived earlier than expected which was amazing. so here it is... my mattress had no chemical smell, it looked very nice as well. After taking it out the box and placing it on the box spring it immediately began to expand. it reached its full size in way less than 24 hrs. Im in love with this mattress hope this helps you guys
I had a Serta Tempurpedic and had to downsize. I ordered the Spa Sensations 8 in. because it's a Memory Foam and I am so happy with it! It feels just like my Tempurpedic did!
I now have my whole family wanting to order the same Memory Foam mattress, I actually ordered one for my son and the guest bed in my home! It's that good!
No complaints; it was delivered very quickly and I was sleeping on it just on the floor while waiting for the frame, and it was great! Don't think it took it the whole day to get the final shape - it unfolded pretty fast after opening. A lot of mattresses cost a fortune but I don't know what else one would look for, this one is already pretty good.
exactly what I wanted. Bought for cheep option for a guest twin daybed in TV room when my daughter took a standard twin mattress to college. More comfortable than most regular expensive options. wished I had know about these earlier; I would have purchased instead of expensive memory foam pillow-top mattresses for several other beds in the home.
My son finally realized what a good mattress felt like. We had an old coil spring mattress but thought memory foam would be better, wow, what a difference. A plus is having it delivered to the door.
Was shipped free, arrived within 2 days and in perfect condition - it fits perfectly. Definitely recommend it.
My daughter let me know about this mattress; she had bought one about a year ago and just loves it. Went ahead and bought one and wow! I have pretty much overslept every single day since...and all my aches and pains are literally gone. My husband, who has chronic back pain, mentioned to me yesterday that his back doesn't hurt at all. Seriously, for the cost, anyone who buys this bed is getting one heck of a deal and it is worth every penny!
10/24/2014 I received the mattress a couple of weeks ago. It was very easy to unwrap. I took less than 24 hours to get to expected size. The smell went away after a day. The mattress is very comfortable. I would recommend this mattress.
More comfortable than any mattress my son has had before. $161 includes tax and shipping. Bought a foundation at a mattress store for $85 (tax and delivery). Already had a bed frame. Cheapest bed ever bought and yet most comfortable! Wow!
Nice for the price very comfortable. Fast shipping
I bought this mattress in a twin for my daughter and she loves it. I also love it and am saving up to get one in a queen for me - she said that supports her so well that she no longer has back pain when waking up. That is good enough for me.
This is great. My 2nd purchase too! First for my daughter for college and we kept that now for the spare bedroom and 2nd for her new apartment bc that is how much she loves it.
I slept on my son's bed when I visited him and had to have one. So I ordered a metal frame for its fold up mobility and no need for a box spring and my foam mattress. I can sleep on my side now without waking up with a sore shoulder or hip. The mattress cradles my body formation and no more shoulder, neck or hip pain.
Super comfortable!!! Didn't take long before it was ready to use. No smell at all like I have heard these sometimes have. Would buy again! Great value.
a great product at a great price I'm very pleased
Its so comfortable. I love it
I sleep well on this and wake up with less aches and pains. I bought a 6" before and it was okay, but the 8" is much nicer.
Wow this bed is so restful. I toss and turn much less. What a great value
I did not know what to expect as i figured the price was too good. However, it actually is very comfortable and well worth the money.
I was recently told my daughter needed a better mattress. She has recently been diagnosed with scoliosis. Her back is in constant pain and she needed a memory foam mattress that would help alleviate some of that.

I was honestly a little skeptical because of the price. Something for that cheap can't possibly be that good can it?

Turns out it can. My daughter has had the mattress for over a month. She sleeps so much better, no more tossing and turning because her back hurts. It is a little on the softer side, but still firm enough to offer support. I'd say its plushy, almost soft like a pillow top, which she loves.

Also, I canNOT get over how great the shipping is. It is difficult for us to leave where we are to go to a store to get a mattress, so being able to purchase this online was a HUGE plus. I mean, it takes a plane to get us to a mattress store, we live in rural land here. So, this purchase was a huge savings with very decent shipping. This is the 2nd mattress I've purchased online from Walmart.com and I have no complaints about any of them. The other mattress is a memory foam as well and I've had it for over a year and it still feels like its brand new.

A great value, a great mattress, makes me a happy mom :)
I searched for months at all these mattress stores.I paid $2400 for a pillow top mattress 7 years ago and will never do that again...My friend's wife recommended this mattress to me,and I will tell you it's awesome....Who would think that Walmart would be selling these mattresses...
Delivery arrived early. Kids loved the bed just fit perfectly on the bunk bed. Not to soft just the way I like it.
great product
I replaced my Serta with this, and I love it... the first few nights though it kind of stunk, but now that new foam smell has disappeared. My back feels great and I don't wake up as much in the middle of the night.
Very comfortable. Great product for the price. I have the king size and I use it every night I have paid a lot of money for expensive mattress and they have not been as comfortable.
very comfortable. after reading other reviews wasnt sure if the 8" would be thick enough but athe 12' was not available. turns out the 8' is plenty thick and is wonderful. Amazing how it opens to the full size.
The mattress arrived quickly and is Beautiful and Very comfortable.
I recomenmend everybody this product, because I feel very well of my back after of have been asleep on the memory foam mattress
I had read all the review and I was prepared for my mattress to smell but it didn't. I am so happy with the softness of my new bed. no more saggy middle of the bed. this really conforms to your body. I love it... My mattress came to my house in two days and it was packages very well and the instructions were very clear and helpful.
Worth every penny.
My son love it.. after a week sleeping on this mattress his back pain disappeared & he's in a better mood! It's great for the price.
Came quickly. Easy to unroll. Took 2 days to get to max loft. Very comfortable.
Would recommend this bed to people who don't like firm mattresses, sleeps great
The mistress is working out great. Love that you don't need a box spring. Excellent for the price!
buying a mattress online and from walmart i didn't expect it to be so comfortable
This is the second Spa Sensations memory foam mattress that I have bought in about 3 months. The first was a king size for every night use. This twin is to put on the guest bed at my son's house for when I stay there to keep my grandson. I love this mattess and can never imagine sleeping on anything else. Wal-Mart makes the purchasing SO EASY! Delivery is free to your door step and the value could not be better.
This mattress supports good, sheets fit nice, I would get another.
Let me say first that I am very happy with this mattress. I have been sleeping on conventional mattress for years now, but since using the memory foam mattress I have noticed a reduction in the morning aches and pains. It conforms well to my back and hips, allowing me to sleep comfortably in most positions. I am using a wooden slat frame which helps give firm but comfortable support.

I would recommend following the instructions and letting it air out for at least 12 hours, it has a bit of an odor when first unpacked. I would also recommend at least two people being there to position the mattress. I was able to unpack it myself, but with some difficulty. The mattress comes tightly rolled and folded. The top of the mattress is to the outside, so it has to be unfolded and flipped. The mattress began to expand quickly and was difficult to position on the frame when fully unrolled.
Purchased for grandkids - they love it
I read the reviews and some said it was a little hard, but the comfort and the overall cover and foam is great. My son told me his back pains have gone away.
We use it in our toy hauler camper, let's put it this way we had a air mattress in there for 2 trips then after the 2nd trip the day after we got home we home I ordered the mattress & we are VERY HAPPY & pleased with it. It's so comfortable I think 2 of are friends plan on getting them one.
Nothing really outstanding. It does what it says & you can sleep pretty well.
Good
I am shocked and amazed that a good quality mattress could make such a difference in my sleep patterns! May not need to take melatonin anymore to get a goodnight's sleep. The Spa Sensations foam mattress is easy to handle so could place it by myself.

More people should be made aware of this product. No need to buy a heavy mattress.

So glad I made the decision to get the Spa Sensations 8" Memory Foam Mattress.
Set up was easy, was at 8"s within 2 hours. No smell at all. Slept great!!!
Works great with my frame....no boxspring needed. Very happy with this purchase.
We all love it!! Is very confortable, no more back pain!!
Purchase mattress as a test of the memory foam design. Firm and comfortable. I don't find myself tossing and turning all night to relieve pressure. I don't wake up with back or leg pains. Due to this success, we will likely purchase a similar mattress to replace our King. Read other reviews stating that the chemical odor was significant even days after remove mattress from bag. We have not experienced this to any great degree.
Thus is a great value for the purchase. I may still buy a $30 memory foam topper for the initial squish.
Awesome
Delivery is faster than expected and a best product to refer who looks for a valued product at reasonable price.
I was in desperate search of new bed on a budget. I decided to check out Walmart.com and glad that I did. I saw some options and wanted different and definitely something without a box spring this time around. I read positive and negative reviews but took my chances on this 8" memory foam. I had it delivered to the store. Pick up was easy and assembly was just as easy. As soon as I opened it, it began to inflate. I was away from home for a week but when I came home, the bed was like a cloud. Just the perfect amount of cushion and since I got no box spring, one of my fears was that I would feel the bed frame but I didn't at all. The bed has been nothing but great and I had back pain that did disappear after using the bed after a couple weeks. And it was a great price as well. I'm glad I took my chances.
This is the best memory foam mattress you can buy, the price is crazy. We bought it for our guest bedroom, we put it on an old box spring ( a box spring is a box spring). It comes packaged beautifully, no smell whatsoever, and has a good quality cover, everything about it is perfect. Pure comfort. Could not be happier. Feel guilty about the low price, but hope it stays there so i can get one more.
I got this in unison with the full parsons bed frame and a full bedding set. All arrived before the expected date and were easy to use. This memory foam mattress is a great size and feels amazing. I highly recommend it to anyone who wants a low-cost tempur pedic. It definitely does the job and provides a great nights sleep every night.
This mattress arrived even sooner than promised, if I remember correctly within four days of ordering it! When I removed it from its packing, it enlarged itself to more than six inches thick within two hours; within a day, it was the full eight inches thick. It never had an appreciable odor. I am using this mattress on a platform bed; it is described as a firm mattress, and it is, though I suppose it would be a little softer if used on a box-spring foundation. For absolute comfort, I imagine a little more softness would be nice, but I want a mattress that is good for my back, and since I have been sleeping on this mattress, I have not awakened with any back pain or stiffness or soreness, as I used to when I slept on my previous mattress. I have not noticed that this mattress makes my bed any warmer than other mattresses do. Overall, I recommend this memory-foam mattress highly; after reading a lot of information about how to choose mattresses online, I'm convinced that the expert who wrote that comfort and healthful support do not necessarily correlate with high price is right: this mattress cost a fraction of what the well-advertised ones do, but I cannot imagine that they are better.
I bought this mattress as a replacement for our spare bedroom - my husband naps on it every day, and says it is very comfortable. I followed the direction to let it expand and let any chemical smell dissipate, and even my hubby's sensative nose gave it a thumb's up...
I bought this mattress as the top mattress for my daughter's bed (she has a trundle bed). She loves to sleep on the bottom mattress. So, when she was sick, I slept on this mattress in her room. The mattress was very comfortable and I'm thinking about buying a queen-sized mattress for my bed. The only thing that I didn't like is that I got very warm while sleeping. I understand that this happens with most memory foam mattresses so I wouldn't blame Spa Sensations for this.
This mattress is amazing! I was skeptical of buying a mattress in a box, but this thing is amazing! I have already recommended this mattress to dozens of people.

When you receive the mattress, plan on airing it out for a couple days before using it. I opened the windows and turned on a fan, leaving it to air out for a day and a half. The mattress had that "new" smell, which wasn't too bad, but I'm rather sensitive to smells. I haven't sensed any odor from the mattress since I started using it, though.

Don't let the low price fool you--this is a high quality mattress. I am beyond pleased.

I bought the South Shore Little Treasures Mates Bed, Pine to support this mattress, and it does so beautifully.
This mattress is great. I got a king size and it is big! Very comfortable and I like it. Cool that it is foam too.
The best one I have ever used. Makes me fall asleep immediately.
I, too, was a little hesitant to buy a mattress from Walmart. I read the reviews on so many mattresses, and I finally decided to purchase this one based on the positive feedback.
I ordered the king size (and what a steal for $230 + free shipping). It did take a few days to fully plump up. I had been sleeping on the sofa, and was anxious for a real bed, so I didn't wait more than four hours before sleeping on it. Big mistake. I would have been more comfortable on the floor. I have now had it for about a month.
After waiting a tad bit longer, (the next night) I have to say I'm pleasantly surprised. The mattress is a bit more firm than I was expecting. If I'm just laying on the bed reading, it takes a little bit to feel the mattress conform to me, but after a good night's sleep I am well rested, and don't wake up multiple times through the night like I had on my previous mattress. I'm not using a box spring, it's just on a platform bed, so perhaps it would be a little less firm with a box spring.
The only real complaint that I have is if I'm laying on my stomach, it makes my back hurt. Other than that, its a fantastic value.
Awesome mattress for a good price...for firm lovers ... This is it...
I bought the mattress for my 14 year old son, for added support and comfort. He put it on top of a mattress and box spring set. I recommend it highly!
Perfect for our 12 year old. She says that it's very comfortable.
Went and tested out the Tempurpedic mattress (firmest one they had) and then read the reviews. This mattress has better ratings and was a lot less. It's just what I've needed. I sleep better, my back feels better and I don't snore as much. I would definitely recommend it to anyone that needs a firm bed.
For the money this was a great buy. I have been looking at these mattresses for quite some time. It is very confortable. I have slept like a baby since the second night w got it.
one word FABULOUS!!! yummy sleep the best I ever had.
The mattress is quite comfy! I would recommend this to everyone and the price is perfect!
Very light and functional mattress. I would buy more.
I bought this couple of weeks ago and it still is perfect to me. It gives me a good sleep and i use it daily. But when i purchased it, it cost me around $280 which i think is bit high only for the mattress. But as a product, its perfect. But i cannot guarantee how it would be after an year. Overall Nice product.
Got this for my 13 year old son's new bedroom. We got a futon bedframe from amazon $129. Great deal, all wood. I searched all over for a futon mattress and finally decided on this instead. It is awesome, he loves it and its soooooo comfortable. I was worried that it may not be tall enough but its fine. It did NOT SMELL as some people say and it came faster than we thought. I would highly recommend !!!
Comfortable. Product is in a box so it is easy to move/ fix and not that heavy like a spring mattress.
Wasn't sure what to expect but was pleasantly surprised. Easy to get comfortable -- I may be using them as well as the kids!
Awesome
We bought this mattress for our travel trailer. It is SUPER comfortable. So much so, that I plan on replacing my expensive mattress at home with this mattress. Even if it wears out quickly it is inexpensive enough that I don't mind replacing it every year or two
Very pleased! We purchased a king size and it expanded to the full 8 inches immediately, the mattress is not too firm or too soft. You just melt right into it, we love it and would definitely purchase this mattress again.
I'm very happy with the Purchase.. I bought 2 for my teens.. And they say it's all they have dreamt of
I ordered this mattress for my 12 year son. Used it on a loft bed and it has worked out great. Within 24 hours the bed was full. My son loves it! This mattress is a great choice!
We bought two of these mattresses to fit in South Shore mates beds for my teen daughter. The mattresses fit perfectly. More importantly, they are very comfortable. They come in a small box but when opened they immediately expand fully. They have a soft zip-off cover. We did not notice any odor or smell at all. My husband and I are considering purchasing one for our bed.
I bought a 12" Spa Sensations mattress for myself and my wife about 5 years ago and we absolutely love it. My step-son was finally getting too big for his bunk beds, so we started looking for a new bed and he wanted one just as comfortable as ours. I decided on the 8" instead of the 12" for him (it was about half price). I ordered it online and had it shipped to my house... They had free shipping and then for an extra dollar or two 'standard' shipping... The mattress arrived at my house next day! I opened it in an extra bedroom and opened a window with a fan to get rid of some of the off-gassing.. I also found (as I did with my 12") that Fabreeze worked well on it too. After 2 days, I put it in his room and he absolutely loves it! When I lay on his bed, it's a little bit thin as I can feel the slats on the bed I think... but it's not that noticeable. For him though, it's perfect.
Better frames and bed choices to match would help
We are very picky sleepers. Returned two other more expensive mattress' before this one. After a month, we are very pleased. We used our memory foam topper so the 8" was sufficient. Otherwise I may have considered the thicker 10" or 12". But the 8" actually seems fine on its on too. The odor was not as offensive as other memory foam, but did need a day or two to air out. Highly recommend. We also use a heated mattress pad as it's been a very cold winter. It helps the foam mold in the colder temperatures. I have back pain, and this mattress has helped greatly.
I love this new mattress. We got it to use on our new adjustable bed. We got the bed without a mattress and then ordered this one from Walmart. It's a size 8 inches and works great. My friend bought one of these mattresses about 5 years ago and it is wonderful also and the reason I ordered this one.
Guest like the bed, so that works for us.
This mattress arrived within 4 days of ordering it.
It is well made, nice stitching.

It is perfect for the Murphy Bed in our guestroom.

This is a very comfortable mattress for children up to a
medium frame adult.
I used the eight inch on the bottom of my kids bunk beds and the six inch on the top for safety reasons. My kids love them they are super comfy and super affordable. I would recommend these to parents with bunk beds they are a comfortable mattress and are still a safe height.
Great price for the thickness. I love it!
I love this mattress. It is the most comfortable mattress I have slept on in a long time. The only thing more comfortable was my water bed from almost 20 yrs ago (and I don't think I could get out of that any more) The shipment arrived at my house sooner than expected and I set it up and waited 3 days for it to expand before sleeping on it.
I am a 62 yr old overweight female and would recommend this to anyone!
Does wonders for the back and body. Nice restful sleep.
It's a wonderful bed ,i wake i p refreshed and ready to go
This is the second Spa foam mattress we have purchased. This queen is perfect for us. We see ads for "gel, triple layers of foam" and on and on. For $1,000 !!!!! Don't see how they can be that much more comfortable.

Take it home in a 18" by 18" by 4 ft box . . . open it up . . . wait 24 hours and sleep.

Some complain of an odor at first. We didn't run into that problem on either mattress. And they expand up to the "as advertised" thickness.
I was a little worried when the bed came delivered in a small box but I was not disappointed. The bed is so comfy and makes it almost impossible to get out of bed (in a good way).
I bought this mattress for we were moving into a smaller place and needed to save space. And also I have a bad back and have had surgery due to a slipped disk. We opened up the package and the memory foam fluffed up in a very short time. It felt very nice and comfortable when I slept on it the first time. Now my daughter flips the coin every night with me trying to claim the mattress to sleep on. LOL
Great mattress.
Definitely recommend it.
Buy this and money..very comfy great deal..perfect sleep..
I ordered, had it in two days! Rolled it out and was able to sleep on it that night. Very comfortable, am very happy with this product!
Its just the product you will need. I have a king size mattress. Its very comfortable. Really liked it. Would recommend
Sleeps great and was very easy to transport and install.
I read some negative reviews an decided to give it a try anyway. Very happy, expanded nice and very comfortable. I bought for my kids and they are happy. I tried it myself and found it to be very comfortable. More of a plush type not as firm as a standard memory foam which I find to be better.
I bought this mattress because I was desperate to get a good night's rest. I've tried three other mattresses and none of them helped. One of them was a foam model but was not the quality of this one. My only problem is that it is difficult to move around in the bed, which I suppose is just the nature of that kind of product. It is very thick. this is a good buy and I am finally sleeping at least 6 hours every night. I would recommend this product.
Very good , no problems sleeping !! Love it!
Very comfortable - foam support very good
First time purchasing a mattress through WALMART. I have to say this is the best decision i have ever made. Spa Sensations Memory Foam has been by far the best MATTRESS i have ever purchased in my life. I would so recommended to anyone that decides to purchase one. And Yes it is 8' inches which is great because some people said that it was not going to be exactly the size but It was I'm supper pleased with this mattress I'm having surgery this Wednesday and my recovery with this bed will be amazing and less painful. Thank you WALMART and Spa sensations. tootles...
Bought this for my 13yr old son for christmas. He loves it. He did say you only need one blanket because it keeps you to warm if you use more then one. It is a full 8" when it expands. I measured 4 hours after we unwrapped it. Ours had a very faint odor, but not bad & it went away after we let it set out on the floor for 8 hours.
I ordered it online Friday morning, it was delivered SATURDAY morning! This is the most comfortable bed....the first night, so difficult getting up for work the next day. Great product....great price.
It is a great product
Bought this mattress for my teenage son's room. HIGHLY RECOMMEND! Puffs up to size after releasing from the box and wrap packaging.
I am an empty nester and the children took their stuff with them. I then had to reset rooms as guest rooms for when they or others come to visit. Knowing they would come back with spouses, I installed full size beds and one of the frames I purchased was an antique which didn't measure up to a regular full mattress. I chose this thinking (rightly so) that I could pack it in once it expanded. It fit great and I don't have to worry about shifting sheets.:) I have allergy problems and tend to snore + a heavy night reading habit which keeps my husband from sleeping well. so on nights I can't sleep I move to the guest room. I found the bed more comfortable than my own and slept well. I would highly recommend it to anyone that needs an affordable comfortable alternative to regular mattress sets. I set mine inside a frame on top of bed slatts with a sheet of plywood under it and it still has comfortable give. I can't say enough.
I have had this mattress about 2 weeks now and it is wonderful!!! I was a little sceptical, but after reading the other reviews I thought what the heck, for the price-why not try it...It is well worth it....it is the most comfortable mattress I have ever slept on and there was no odor when I removed it from the box and I slept on it the same night. I suggest if you are thinking about this or any memory foam mattress....BUY IT!!
I ordered this mattress 2 days ago for my 2 year old son and I actually just received a knocked at the door and there the mattress was. I wasn't suppose to get it until between the 27th-30th of this month. I was a little hesitant about getting this mattress but I can honestly say I am SOOOOO HAPPY with my purchase. This mattress is amazing, I cant wait to order a king size for my bedroom. Softest bed ever! We are very pleased with our purchase.
I was looking for a under 250 dollar mattress and this perfectly fit in my budget and needs. I am extremely happy with the product. Nothing could be better
I purchased this mattress for my 5 yr old son. An I thought $149 was a good price but it's do much better then expected. The bed expanded within minutes to it'd full size, not to firm, not to soft and sits well on the platform bed.
I found this mattress to be just what I wanted. firm yet soft to the touch . I was able to handle it by myself and it worked well with my heated 2 inch pad.
We needed a bed for the new basement bedroom for visiting family. We needed it fast! Walmart delivered! They sent this great bed within a week to our front door. You won't believe that it expands to a full size bed by the size of the box it comes in, but it really does. The grandkids love it. Great bed for the price!
Much better than expected. Much more comfortable than the eurotop matress that was 4X the price. When this wears out I will buy it again.
I honestly didn't have a lot of faith about this mattress even with the positive reviews. Yes, I'm a skeptic about most things. I am pleasantly surprised that this mattress is as comfy as it is. Though the package was a little heavy for me to move alone, I was able to do so with little trouble. It loaded easily into the back seat of my Camry.
Did not expect much for a mattress in this price range. Purchased as a guest mattress. Slept on it a couple of nights and surprise I have made it my own.
I love this mattress. I don't wake up at night with this amazing mattress. I gave fibromyalgia,degenerative disc disease and arthritis and this really makes my body feel so good when I sleep.
I bought this for my 16 yo son & he loves it. Exactly as described. The mattress delivery was quick!
I love the bed, but wish I ordered the 12 inch.
First really restful sleep I have had in a long time.
I purchased this bed for our weekender horse trailer. My sister, daughter and myself were going to be camping with the horses this summer and wanted to sleep comfortably in the living quarters of the gooseneck horse trailer we purchased. It was amazing!!! We all slept soundly on this king size mattress and never felt the other person move. Great buy!!! Might purchase more for the house now.
After reading some of the reviews I was a little worried about purchasing this mattress. My main concern was it wasn't going to expand to it's maximum. (as some reviews stated) However, it did expand to it's maximum and even 1/2" higher than expected! I am very very happy we bought this mattress!!! My daughter loves it! My suggestion would be to future buyers would be to make sure you get it out of the box as soon as you get it home and let it alone for 48 hours (as suggested) to make sure you get the maximum height.
I've had this mattress for 2 months now and it is the ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz (snork cough snork) hun what? Oh yeah its the bomb, buy it. Was a lil firm at first but after sleeping on it in every position to break in evenly I zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz hun? oh, I can't wait to go to bed. It holds body heat so its a plus in the winter but in warmer weather I will have to put a quilt or pad between mattress and sheets. Good Night! Oh yeah did I say buy it?
I wanted to try mem foam for my arthritis.I had my eye on the 12" but it went out of stock and now the price jumped. I decided to try this one. I opened it according to instructions but on top of my box springs. It was 7 1/2 inches in 1-2 hours. It is perfect in form with no lumps. Been sleeping very well ever since.
I was amazed at the quality of the mattress for the price. I have other friends that paid more than a thousand dollars for a comparable product. This is the first time that I have every taken the time to fill out a review, but since this was such a great purchase, I decide to help them out. Don't worry if it doesn't expand to the full 8 inches, you won't care. Maybe they could set better expectation by saying 6 1/2 + inches, although mine is closer to 8.
Got the mattress for our guest bedroom and last week my brother was the first to sleep on it. "Just Perfect" that was his review after a good night of sleep.
Very comfortable
My wife and I purchased this mattress for a VERY deep couch we have. We enjoy laying down in the evening and relaxing watching a few TV shows. Our couch cushions, although relatively new, were just to soft and gave no support while laying down. I decided to give this Spa Sensations 8 Memory Foam Mattress a shot. It was a perfect fit for the depth of the couch and to this point has very good support whether sitting or laying. My wife has fallen asleep on this quite frequently and has asked about getting one for our bed.
I would most definitely recommend this to a friend.
Nice Mattress, Good value for the price.
Purchased for my daughter- she loves it. Very comfortable.
The bed is simply amazing. I bought this to be a temporary bed, for a special occasion, but now it is the one I use. I would recommend buying this mattress.
Just received today. I ordered it Thursday morning and received it by Friday at 5pm. Very fast shipping. Very comfortable completely satisfied.
Very good for the price.
We bought this mattress for a spare bedroom and was very satisfied with the price and the speed of receiving it. The quality was also better than expected. The mattress has been in use now for a couple of weeks and so far no complaints. The mattress did have an odor for the first 2-3 days but has mentioned that odor went away. I definetly recommend this mattress.
Arrived on time. The mattress is exactly as described, I'm very happy with it.
I bought this for my son after reading online reviews. Great purchase- as with all foam mattresses, the smell takes a while to fade. I also purchased a foam topper to go with it and it is very comfortable. It was delivered in a small box which was surprising, but quickly expanded to full size.
Daughter loves the bed
I love my new mattress! Shipping was free and I slept wonderful the very first night. My 100 lb yellow lab loves it too!
This mattress is amazing and is so comfortable. It has definitely helped me sleep better.
Super comfy and very well priced.
My daughter love this mattress ..It inflated so quickly..I had to buy a size up because the other size I purchase didnt fit the slate bed I bought online.. So I retrn it in store no problem and had to buy size up..my daughter alway get a good nice sleep she loves it..will recommend fr preteen bed ..yes..
Very comfortable for only being an 8" in thickness. Really great price too!
I was surprized. Within. 4hrs it was up to 8in height
Great nights sleep
Happy with product and we already knew what we were getting as we have already had one..We had a queen size and really loved it..We bought a new Fifthwheel Rv and needed to upgrade to a California King..Not because we sleep apart by any means but now we have 2 and counting grandchildren who like to sleep with Nana and Papa when they visit,so we got a bigger bed;) Happy with purchase and would recommend this bed; )
I was a little skeptical about buying a mattress without trying it out but I figured if It wasn't good, I'd send it back. But I was very impressed. It's super comfortable! And it shipped in just a few days.
best mattress I could ever have.
First time memory foam. I like it.
best sleep ever
Great price, great value, nice mattress. Would highly recommend.
Bought this for my 3.5 yr old. Now I want to sleep in it. It's very cozy and a great price! Thanks Wal Mart!
This is the second memory foam mattress I've bought. The first one was for me but my 17 yr old love it so much that I gave it to her.. I just brought my other daughter one for her bed and she tells me it's wonderful. So both daughters are very happy and get a great night sleep..
Sleeping on clouds
I had purchased a king size bed for one bedroom 5-6 months back. I was completely satisfied with the bed. So I purchased another bed now for the second bedroom. The bed is very comfortable.
THE WORKMENSHIP ON THIS PRODUCT IS WELL PAST MY EXPECTIONS AND WARRANTY IS MUCH BETTER THAN I COULD HAVE GOTTEN FOR A MUCH HIGHER PRICED ITEM
Hubby and I love this mattress. We don't have thousands of dollars to spend on a mattress (and even if we did, we wouldn't want to!!!) so we thought we would give this memory foam mattress a try. Boy, we did not get disappointed. It is suuuper comfy, actually the best mattress we have ever had. I was worried that this height might not be enough, but it works really well with our platform bed - perfect height! We are so pleased not to have a mattress with springs poking into our backs, waking us up multiple times during the night and will never again be going back to a regular mattress. We sleep better than ever. AWESOME!!!
My wife much prefers this mattress to our 11 year old, $900 (in 2002) Spring Air mattress, which is still in very good condition. We didn't notice much smell. I'm mildly concerned how well it will hold up, being and all-foam mattress, but at this price it's a risk I'm willing to take. We are both fairly light, so we might have better experience than some people who have reported that the one heavier spouse's side became less resilient after some time.
It's a great memory foam mattress! I'm currently writing this review on the bed. Five star recommendation!!!!!
I have severe psoriatic arthritis and rheumatoid arthritis. I couldn't sleep on my old mattress because there was too much pressure on my joints. I read all the reviews and thought for the money I would give it a try. This is the best I have slept in over 3 years. You just seem to be sleeping on a cloud. The only down fall is that it is harder to get out of bed, because you sink in. I can live with that since I am finally getting a full nights rest.
After searching ikea and other stores i found this deal. Ikea was a few dollars more than this one so i figured i would give it a try. after a few hours of being open it was a full size. i did have to get a thin plywood to put under the mattress on my platform. with weight the foam would press between slats and did make a difference in feel with the plywood support. once i laid on it i got worried because this mattress didn't say what pound memory foam was used. after laying on it i can say it softer that say the ikea firm memory foam at about the same price. it may be equal to ikeas medium firmness memory foam. with that being said i can say i do love the mattress not and i don't want to get out of bed not. i feel more energized so i must be sleeping much better. if your wanting a firm mattress id say try ikeas memory foam but i still love this mattress.
This is the most comfortable mattress. It has great support and feels like you are falling into a pillow.
Bought to replace bed in travel trailer. So comfortable!
Bed was as stated and is very comfortable.
Came a week before Walmart's estimated delivery date, I'm guessing because I live in WI. The box was a little bit bigger than I expected but it was still small enough for me to haul in my home with a broken arm. Getting the bag out of the box wasn't a problem. Ripping the bag open according to the directions would've been easier with two arms. The mattress puffed up to the 8" within an hour but I am still going to wait the 48 hours. So far I'm pleased.
Comfortable, affordable, not too firm not too soft, arrived quickly, and I will never buy a spring mattress again! I'm finally sleeping in comfort and didn't need to break the bank to do so:) I have no complaints so far so it's 5 stars on everything!
don't know how it will hold up but it is soooo dang comfortable if it wears out I will buy another one.
Much better then a waterbed
This is actually my second memory foam mattress I bought from wal-mart. I have had back aches all the time before buying this mattress, now after a long days work.... I just don't want to wake up in the morning! I recommend it!
We had a Select Number air bed that was leaking. Instead of buying replacement air mattresses we decided to buy the Spa Sensations Cal King foam mattress. A great decision on our part.

It feels a little firm at first but after 2 nights we were totally used to the feel. I slept great last night.

Of course the question is, How long will it last? That remains to be seen.
got a full size loved it , then got queen size for the other bed ..both are 8 inch /// really 7.5 inch.
now my son wants one ,for his up comming birthday .
I've had this matrress for about 3 years now and it is the best mattress I've ever had. I've had friends sleep on it and they love it to. My fiance' prefers it over his by far as well. When we upgrade to a king I will surely buy another. I've always thought I liked the nice pillow top type and first this seems really firm. If you jump back onto the bed, it will hurt because it is memory foam and it is firm but oh my gosh is it amazing to sleep on. Once I get in my bed every night I am so happy! I highly recommend this bed.

On a side note, it comes in long (length of mattress) duffle bag packaging. If you are doing in store pick up go with someone who can help you. I went alone and had a hard time as I'm a 4'11 woman. It was not light!. I also got the frame they sell at Walmart that is about 14'' off the ground and I do not use a boxspring as there is no need.
10 inch I wanted was out of stock so stacked 8 and 4 inch This 8 inch memory foam would be great alI by itself. I am about 130 pounds. sleep like a baby!
This bed is great for kids and teens, but I would go for a 12" for adults.
I bought this for my dad, and he has been very pleased with it. He was previously sleeping on an inner spring mattress, and he says this is much better for his back.
Had been sleeping on a coil mattress for almost 1.5 yrs. Wasn't happy with that. I used to sink in, get back pain in the morning, the movement of one person would disturb the other one.

Wanted to buy a memory foam mattress but not interested in expensive ones. So gave a try for this one in Walmart. The mattress, after opening, reached to 7" in about 20 - 30 mins or less, and then expanded to about 7.5 - 8" soon.

It has a soft zipped cover and is washable. The mattress is soft and very comfortable. Sinks by about 2 - 3" when you sit on it (for a weight of about 160LB). And only about 0.5 - 1" when you sleep on it, so quite comfortable yet firm for sleep positions. Both me and my wife are having good sleep so far for last one week. We feel better than sleeping on coil or cotton mattresses.

We purchased Quiet Comfort waterproof mattress pad to put on this mattress. With this 8" mattress, we did not feel the need to buy a box or bed frame.
Very comfortable mattress although it is very heavy. Takes a strong person to handle it. Worth the money so far.
After a switch from a waterbed to a Select Comfort and then a conventional mattress, this is the best mattress that I have slept on in some time.
It smells at first but I think all new mattresses do. Other than that it's absolutely amazing to sleep on.
Good one and comfortable. No difference between the expensive ones with the brand name. This is there upto expensive brands. Good one to buy
I am so grateful that I purchased this product...my husband and I are sleeping on cloud nine since we received our purchase
this mattress is very comfortable and large!!
This is the 3rd 8"Spa sensation memory foam mattress Ihave purchased for one of my kids. My kids love thier beds! I believe my kids should have a good bed to sleep in as they are growing into thier teen years ,one of the many comforts they can always call home, is a cozy bed! Awesome for the price! And awesome for the great comfort!
Thanks Walmart ! And thanks for the Free Shipping pickup! LOve Walmart!:)
This mattress is wonderful! Amazing for the price.
I just bought my second mattress of this model after moving half-way across the country. I was amazed again at the quality you get for $209. I slept on an expensive name-brand memory foam topper for 4 years prior to finding this, and this is a similar feel. It is slightly firmer than some other brands of memory foam, which felt perfect to me. I convinced my brother-in-law to get the same mattress a few years ago, and he's still thanking me.
I was so skeptical about purchasing a "Walmart mattress"....but I am soooo glad I did! It is so comfortable. Finally we are getting a good night's sleep! I have much better "quality" sleep now and I don't wake up sore or sleepy anymore. I kept reading the reviews about the odor, but it really was not that bad. We just opened it up and let it air out overnight and it was fine. My husband has major back problems and used to toss & turn all night, but now he sleeps thru the night with this mattress. My only complaint is that we should have bought the 12" for more height b/c we have a poster bed. But it's so comfy, I could care less how it looks. :-) Definately a great buy if you are looking for a memory foam mattress.
I truly found this to be the answer to my comfort as it was soft enough yet solid enough. I would recommend this product to anyone.
Was skeptical at first about buying this bed but glad I did. The hubby doesn't really have back problems anymore and we sleep alot better/ longer!!!
I love this memory foam mattress. Very comfortable, and my husband and I get a good night sleep. The only down fall is if you get hot flashes it keeps you to warm. Lol that would be me. Took it out of its box's and packaging and it didn't take to long before it was at 8". There was no bad smell from the memory foam. I have order a memory foam topper, not that it needs it. Great price and a wonderful night sleep.
nice and easy to sleep on. now I wonder why I ever paid high prices to blooming dales.
This is a wonderful mattress, love the memory foam, would recommend to any one.
I bought this in need for my son's new full size loft bed. No smell, not hard to get it on top of the loft frame.
It's awesome how compact it was in the box, then once I took it out the wrap... POOF!!! Magic begin! It's what I expected, and more for my son's bed. He loves it! He's a happy young boy with new bigger bed... made his Momma happy too!
I bought mattress cover for it and new bedding for him.
I'll buy it again someday for my daughter when she decides to get a bigger bed.
Love it!! Glad that I picked this one.
Excellent !!! I sleep like a Angel
Love the way it sleeps and was a fraction of the proce of name brand memory foam.
Mattress is perfect for every day use... Ships rolled up, so it was easy to get upstairs. Very comfy, no issues!
Awesome product. Great nights sleep.
we received this mattress and right away it reminded me of expensive Tempurpedic mattresses that we have actually purchased. It says it takes 48 hours to completely expand but in it expanded immediately upon removing it from the packaging. It does have a smell to it but all foam mattresses do and it dissipates very quickly. It is extremely soft and unbelievably nice.
I shall be getting one of these for my next mattress. It's great!
Debated on purchasing a new mattress since I was planning on buying a new bedroom suit within the next 2 yrs but my back was beginning to bother me. Bought this one and I could not be happier, in fact, I plan to buy another to fit my new suit instead of a conventional mattress. Have slept great and no back pain.
I have a lot of back issues (arthritis, spinal stenosis and back surgeries) and this has been wonderful. I do not have a lot of pain in morning when I get up as I did with a regular mattress. Love it!!!
This is the 3rd bed we bought for our kids. Ages 16, 15, and 10.
They all say it is a great bed and they sleep much better than the old mattress (spring type).

Delivery was quick. No smells.
This matterss is very comfortable. It adjust to your body an is strudy enough to place an glass on it an will stay in position. I will definitely recommend this bed to anyone looking for an affordable price an comfort.
A great mattress for the price. No smells when we opened the package. It also did expend to 8". My husband and I are able to sleep without our joints hurting. I'm one who toss and turn at night and my husband can not feel me move.
Bought this for my guest room. My parents with bad backs were the first to sleep on it and loved it! I had told them I would get a foam cover for it, but they said there was no need. It was fantastic!

BTW, another reveiwer said there was a smell. I didn't notice any at all.

It was fun to cut the outer bag and watch as the mattress grew to full size.
I am very pleased with this mattress. For the price is a great value
It does smell for the first day or two. Just make sure you air it out and its nice and simple to set up.
I bought a new platform bed for my teenage daughter and needed a new mattress, but didn't want to spend a fortune. This one was reasonably priced and looked comfortable. It arrived ahead of schedule and puffed right up when I unpacked it. There was no chemical odor as described in some of the other reviews. My daughter was pleased when she tried it out, but the best was the next morning as she raved about how well she slept. Her last mattress (spring/coil) was not very comfortable. She's thrilled with this one that conforms to her body and provides a good night's sleep.
I recently purchased a fifth wheel and the mattress that was on the master bed sucked so I bought a memory foam mattress to put as my bed I like it so far I have only had it for about a week but love it so far.
Arrived exceptionally quick, unpacked and expanded quickly. Slept on it that night with no problems. It was very soft and comfortable right out of the box. It's a little soft on the edges getting out of bed in the morning, but seems to be the nature of the mattress not a problem. So far, a month in I have slept like the dead. Very restful, every bit as comfortable as described. Definitely worth the purchase and exactly what I expected. Filled out to the full 8 inches in 24 hours and sheets fit perfectly.
I really was impressed with the mattress for the price. My daughter loves it! I am not sure if it would stand up to a larger person or not but for a average size teenager it is perfect!
so far the bed has been great. no pressure points noticed at all. woke up in the same position as I remember going to bed.

it is winter right now, so don't know how much difference that will make in the hot/cold problem.
I originally bought this mattress to get rid of my neck and back pain- However what i really got from it is fantastic nights of sleep. I fall asleep within 10 mins every night and stay asleep the whole night. My neck an back pain still exist, but Ive had it for 6 or 7 months and only had the mattress for 3 weeks now. So, I think the back pain is stress related. Its also nicely packaged when it arrives to your house. Anyway- its comfortable, cheap in price, and low profile- so it has that nice modern look to it. I totally recommend.
I bought this for my son, after spending $3,500.00 on a new memory foam adjustable bed for myself. I wasn't expecting much for the price I paid, and I prepared my son for a mattress he would use for maybe a year or two...until I could afford to buy something a little better quality. WOW! What a pleasant surprise! It fluffed up almost right away, with no smell, and when I asked my son how he slept on it he said, "It...was...AWESOME!" As a matter of fact...my 3500.00 bed was so hard that I bought the Spa Sensations 1.5" memory foam topper for it. Now I'm sleeping as well as my son! If you have doubts about this mattress b/c of the price...DON'T! It's great! Now, how long it will last...who knows? But for the price...who cares? I can afford to buy another in a couple of years at these prices! FEELS SO GOOD!
This mattress is totally sufficient and so very comfortable for my husband and I on our new platform bed. The 8-inch is all that is needed. I am 200# and he is 225# and 6'4" and we just love this mattress and it is like sleeping on a cloud! I read ALL the comments before purchasing, of course. I am very, very satisfied with our purchase!!!
It was as per my expectation. Cheap and best product. Very comfortable to sleep. I like it. My kid too like this bed. I would recommend this to anyone.
It arived on time and was a breeze to assemble. Sleeps like it costs much more.
My husband and I love our bed. His back feels better and I am comfortable. Highly recommended, and can't beat the price.
I am loving my foam mattress really feels like I am in a hotel bed! Great BUY...definitely a great purchase.
I am so happy that it is worth the money and not a hunk of junk. I really hope it lasts.
I really like this mattress.
It's firm which is great for me.
It feels as though should last for long time.
We bought this Queen size to replace our lumpy pillow top Full, which was fine as newlyweds...

Arrived in a box, opened, it expanded, but we left it outside for at least an overnight to let it air out.. Smelly. Smell was gone quickly...

LOVE the mattress! You can have the wineglass on one side, and the other side with a person moving and it won't spill.. Or to say that another way, you won't disturb your partner when moving around...

Firm enough, yet soft enough.. We read reviews here, and they were right. Great nights sleep!!!
we have purchased 5 of these matresess for the kids and a guest room. everyone love these.
I have recently moved in from India where the mattresses are always on the firmer side. I have been everywhere....from sleepy's to ikea to where not! The firmer the mattress the more expensive they are and always ran out of my budget! I then started looking at the Walmart site and found out that a lot of people "complained" that this mattress was very firm for their liking! Bingo! I thought I found something! And it is fantastic! I never thought memory foam could be that firm! I bless my stars and Walmart to bring in such a wonderful product at such a great price! People used to cotton mattresses would love this product as I do! The mattress does have a chemical smell when unpacked but withing 2 days it's gone! I have not purchased a bed frame and have put in directly on the floor since my 4 year old likes diving into it! And the way it maintains its shape is awesome! Thank you Walmart! Firm mattress lovers! This is the product for you!
For $220 I got a king sized mattress! It's built to my exact specifications! This bed is slightly firm, but super comfortable. I'm a side and sometimes stomach sleeper and this bed is great for me, but it's also comfortable when I lay on my back. This is simply an unbeatable deal!
Had a neck ache before sleeping on it... No more! Not sure if it is actually 8" thick, but it works well nonetheless.
My only complaint is that I don't want to get out of bed anymore! My husband and I both sleep soundly through the night. We always thought that comfort had to come at a high price, but this mattress is so affordable and worth every penny!
These two spa memory foam 8" mattresses came so quickly! There was no smell, very easy to open inflated to 8" within hours. We couldn't believe how very comfortable they are, for extra bedding for guests the comfort level far exceeds the price. Thank you Walmart for the speed of delivery and the excellent product!
I really like it. It's really comfortable and nice. I'm glad I got the 8 inch. It's perfect sizes. I thought that it might be too small but it is not. It's pretty big.
I bought this mattress because of the reviews and also bought a platform frame. I am so pleased with this. As others have said, It was so simple and it raised up within 2hours. My sheets and other accessories fit perfect. So comfortable.
bought this for my 60 lb, 10 yo grandson and he loves it! His report is that is Awesome! Put it on a loft bed with only a piece of masonite underneath and it is performing wonderfully. It took a full 2 days to fully expand and he did not sleep on it until this was done.
I wasn't sure if a 8" would be thick enough, but it is. I have a full size for one person, and I love it. People talk about some bad smell, I did not think it was bad at all, seems to depend on the person. I was concerned in the beginning if this bed would inflate to it's full thickness. It is recommended to take it out of the box within 72 hours of receiving it, which I did. I let it sit for 3 full days and nights. The corners were still not fully inflated, but I didn't feel like waiting any longer. The mattress is pretty firm. You do not sink in it. However, once you lay on it, you do feel it form to you and yes, these mattresses give off some heat, but I don't mind that, especially in the winter. It comes with a very nice cover as well. I had some lower back pain sleeping on a conventional spring mattress and was hoping it would go away with this mattress. While it got better, it didn't go away, so don't necessarily expect a miracle cure for your back. However, I do sleep better !, get a deeper sleep, which is something I haven't had on my old mattress. I do not toss and turn all night, may be just a couple times, so that is a big improvement for me. Overall, I highly recommend this mattress. If you are on a budget like me, an 8" is plenty. I'm around 170ish and it is plenty of mattress, it feels sturdy. I do not feel like it's too thin at all. I purchased the Spa Sensations Steel Smart Base Bed Frame with this and it works perfect. Overall, I would highly recommend this, for the money it is a good buy.
I have been sleeping on my new mattress for two months now. I wake with a lot less back pain. It is warmer than a regular spring mattress, but not to the point of discomfort. My husband, the sensitive nose in the family, detected a small odor that was gone in an hour or so. You will be surprised by the size of the packaging. It seems impossible that an 8" mattress could be packed so tightly. When we unrolled the mattress and removed it from the plastic wrap, it measured right at 6". An hour later it was at 7" and by morning it was the full 8". I am a heavy person but I have no problems with movement and the mattress springs back into shape when I get up. I am very happy with my purchase.
It doesn't make you warm or hot like the high quality ones can. It is the
full 8 inches when uncompressed, not like many others that are up to 2-3
inches less in height. It's nice, the quality is good, and the price is right!
Easy to set up or unpack , fit the frame i purchased very well , i feel good when i wake , i do recommend this mattress to all.
We bought this for our 12 year old daughter and she loves it! It's so comfortable - we all think so. And it's a great price. It took a day or so to come up to full size (which we knew to expect). We are very happy with our purchase.
Have not slept this well in years. Major lower back pain every morning before this purchase where I had to literally get on the floor and stretch out my spine and back. Measured my old mattress wrong and wish I had purchased the 10 inch. I just put my foam topper on it though and purchased an additional 2 inch memory foam topper on top of the foam. Can't really say because of lack of comfort it was more due to wanting a higher mattress so it sat as high as my old one in poportion to my nightstands. Very minimal odor. Different when you go to turn over. Have to kind of lift yourself up slightly.No big deal just something you get used to. First day off from work slept almost 11 hours! Have not done that since being a teenager! Sleep through the night instead of waking up several times. The best is NO back pain!
This mattress is so much better than the typical mattress. The smell of the new foam lingers for several days and eventually gets better. Worth every penny and dollar.
Just received my mattress for our guest room, it was delivered very quickly and I was amazed how easy it was to unpack! Haven't used it yet but we're looking forward to seeing how comfortable it is. It was a great value!
great mattress for the platform frame!! There was no smell as mentioned...took it out of the box as instructed...no problems...we love, love, love it..would have bought the 12" chose the 8" on sale...definitely next time :)
Was a bit skeptical on this mattress, but orderd it based on lots of positive reviews. Overall very happy with it; great price and my 5 yr old son is quite comfortable on it. It is a bit on the softer side. Will have to wait and see on longevity, but good to start.
Great mattress for the price. We bought this for our extra room and liked it so much we swapped it with our more expensive Sealy mattress.
Very comfortable! Loved it! Would definitely recommend this product. Good price too! :)
Purchased for my 10 year old that had outgrown the twin bed. Shipped quickly and is comfortable. Mattress does have a slight odor that seemed to go away after two weeeks. Would get a thicker one for an adult.
I'm glad I read the reviews ! wooo great buy !
This mattress made a HUGE difference for us. We are both senior citizens with various arthritis issues and had recently purchased a fifth-wheel travel trailer. The mattress was a nightmare - like sleeping on a box-spring, even with a memory foam topper! The new mattress is wonderful! We sleep and wake up without pain, and also appreciate the extra warmth. I had noticed that in a few other reviews some people complained that the mattress was too hard. Be careful that your sheets are not too tight! I had a fitted sheet that was very tight, and the mattress seemed hard. WHEN I SWITCHED TO A DEEP POCKET SHEET, THE MATTRESS WAS PERFECT!!! I highly recommend this mattress.
The Memory foam mattress I purchased gave me the best night's sleep of my life. I have never had a mattress like this before. I'm able to sleepin on the weekends for a couple of extra hours which is something I never do.It met all of my expections and more. It was on sale when I purchased it but would have been well worth the regular price or more.
A sudden illness caused us to need extra beds for visiting family. We purchased the 8" memory foam matress as it was the least expensive mattress we could find. We had it expidited and recieved it the following day. It was hard getting the mattress out of the plastic duffle bag, only because our oldest son wanted to save the bag. He was sceptical at first as it was only about 2" thick when we first laid it out but within an hour it puffed up to the full 8 inches. We were very impressed with the overall quality of the mattress. Our youngest son traded his mattress for the memory foam mattress and says he never slept better. When our oldest son returned home he planned to purchase this mattress for our 5 year old grandson. I would recommend this mattress to anyone needing an inexpensive comfortable mattress.
This mattress is more than anticipated. My husband cannot believe he lived without it. The aches and pains he woke up with previously, are gone. Huge surprise! We expected SOME change. Could not be happier.
The only problem was that the first few days it gave off a disagreeable odor.
Need to let it air out a few days. especially if you are sensitive to these things
I have been shopping around. i been to quite a few sleep shops. I knew I wanted a memory foam mattress but really didn't want to spend the money. I purchased a mattress for $550 dollars and was not happy with it. I returned it after 30 days and ordered this memory foam mattress. The first night on this mattress I sleep like a baby. Prior I had not had a good nights rest. I would urge anyone to purchase this mattress, for it's comfort and price. The down side is your king size fitted sheet won't be as snug so if you want a snug fit, then order the 10 or 12 inch memory foam.
This bed is amazing. It is so comfortable and was very easy to set up, carry inside etc. It is well worth it for the price, and you get much more then you pay for! If your considering it, or your in the need for it, definitely get this bed!
Love this mattress. Best one I have ever owned.
This mattress was ready to use 8 hours after I opened it, not days like I've read in some other reviews. It had been out in the cold for a day at 27 or so degrees F. so maybe that had something to do with it? I dunno.

Anyway, only slept on it once so far and I was very impressed at how comfy yet firm it was. Don't know how it will stand up over the long haul, but for the price if I replace it again in 5 years it's no big deal.

I am buying a couple more of these for our beach house. Being that they are easy to transport makes it a plus - no big truck needed!
saw this online...never thought you could order a mattress in a bag!..it comes rolled up in a bag..
all i had to do was lay the bag on the springs and open it...it has been a very comfortable sleep and
forms to your body...i am very happy with it..
It works well for my needs!
Got this mattress in a twin for my son. It is so comfortable will likely get it in a queen for me.
My friend recommend this mattress and I'm so glad! We ordered it and it came very quickly. I had read about an odor but, frankly ours really didn't have a strong odor at all. It's really comfortable. We are very pleased with this purchase.
GREAT BED, SUPER COMFORTABLE, FIRM YET SOFT, PERFECT NIGHT'S SLEEP EVERY NIGHT! SHOULD BE ADVERTISED AS 7" NOT 8"
I love this memory foam mattress, my back doesn't hurt as much as before. What a great investment.
My son loves his new mattress. He says its very comfortable and he's 250+ lbs
Love this mattress..very comfy! I can't believe how cheap it was!
great buy
Nice mattress in this price
No more tossing and turning. What a great mattress. I will be buying more for the other beds in my house.
I was a lil concerned when I bought this mattress but I'm so glad i did. It's nice,great quality and super comfortable. It was delivered in 3 days,in perfect condition,without any smells. I'm very happy with this purchase,amazing mattress for a great price. It is a lil firm for a memory foam mattress but that's exactly what I was looking for.
Great Product. Not for anyone who is looking for firm mattress
Not had for a long time but so far well pleased. Comfortable, not too hard and makes my back feel great
My husand and I love this matterss,we no longer disturb the other if we get up during the night, plus
if one of us is having a restless sleep, it does not bother the other. We both have less pane in our backs and hips. Love It
I got this mattress for my mother in low she is 80 years old and she loves it.
said it is the best she ever had very nice to sleep get up with no pain.
very nice shopping in walmart price is right.
Love it its firm for my husband and soft for me.. 5 STARS
This is a wonderful machine and a great buy!
Exceeded expectations! Is very comfortable and as nice or nicer than many regular mattresses I have slept on. Would buy again.
This product is perfect for making a comfortable bed in a small area like the cone of a Horse Trailer. My Cowboys need their rest to Rodeo and this has worked extremely well.
I actually own a $3000++ Tempurpedic for my home. Bought this for my little travel trailer. I've only used it once so far, so cannot say how it holds up over time, but so far it feels exactly like the Tempurpedic.
This mattress was a great buy. It came in a small package, you roll out the mattress and it expands within 48 hours. It is extremely comfortable on your back.
It's been about two weeks since I changed my mattress to this one.
So far it's really comfortable so that I don't really need pillows because the memory foam just automatically fits to my body as I lay down. I put topper which I bought at Costco on top of it expecting a longer use. Happy with the product! highly recommendable!
And before I bought this mattress, I read other reviews to counsel and I thought the mattress is quite solid, but for me it wasn't that hard. So if you have backache or so, this issue should be thoroughly considered before buying.
I've had some great nights sleep on this mattress.
great
i bought this mattress for my son and he loves it!
The mattress was easy to open and handle. It restored itself to the advertised size within minutes. There was no odor that the packaging warned there might be. Perfect for our tiny loft.
This mattress is perfect makes for a sick guest bed , super comf
I have spent hundreds of dollars on mattresses before and they couldn't compare to this one. It is awesome and the price is unbelievable. It is weird how it is shipped, but it comes back to life in a short amount of time. So do be shocked when it comes in a small box. I would recommend this mattress to anyone.
Bought this for my motorhome. Best support and most comfortable mattress ever.
this is my second memory foam purchase from walmart...nuf said
No problems at all, very convenient when it comes in a small box and you open it, leave the mattress for a few hours in the floor and its all ready!!!!
For us, this mattress is comfortable, the price was right, and we get a great nights sleep. We bought it until we are able to buy our "dream mattress", but was pleasantly surprised by this one. It shipped to my front door which was an added bonus.
Super comfy mattress. Bought this for my daughter and she loves it. A good, comfortable mattress for a great price.
It is really good
Excellent product at a great price. Very comfortable. Arrived fast - the next day.
Love it
it's a very nice mattress.i ordered the 8" because of some of the reviews,i weight 240.
the 6" would have been fine for my weight.
it holds it shape.dosn't sage when you sit on the edge as per some other reviews.
just "GREAT" for the price.
This mattress is better than I hoped! I have a memory foam pad on my mattress and my son is always wanted one too since it's so comfy. So when it was time to get a new mattress we decided on this one. Glad I did!! Some of the reviews stated the bed wasn't 8"... they must not have followed the instructions correctly. Just a great buy!
We purchased the 8" foam mattress, think the 10" would have been better, however, this product is well worth the money and suits the purpose
I went back and forth for months, reading reviews and decided to take the plunge.
I love this mattress! It took about 2 hours to come to it's full size and then I sank into heaven.
The box sat in the room for 2-3 days before we opened it. I don't know if that's why there was no smell or if we just got lucky. I'm really "smell sensitive" and didn't notice anything offensive.
Just a note, if you sleep with someone, I would recommend the 10 or 12 inch mattress because you sort of roll into each other lol
Soft and exceptional......just like I expected. For anyone looking to get a non-squeaky, quiet rest this is a good value.
I needed a firm mattress to keep me away from frequent back pains I was having. I bought this item because of the good reviews and also the price allowed me to start experimenting with a memory foam. So far it worked pretty good. It is very comfortable and has the proper high ( I was hesitating between this and the 12'). I would dare to say it is one of the most comfortable mattress I have ever had (if not the most). I also liked a lot the way it was packed, very compact and easy to transport. I am very, very satisfied with this purchase.
Was having back problems and neededa firmer mattress. A friend recommended this one... I love it.
I was somewhat skeptical about purchasing a Memory Foam mattress . . . especially online; but I was not at all disappointed. The mattress arrived in a timely manner, and was easily transported to my third-floor apartment with some assistance from a friend.

As others have noted, the mattress did have a slight chemical odor. Although I am quite sensitive, I let it air out for most of the day and slept on it the same night I received it . . . without any problems. The odor dispelled within a week or so.

The comfort level suits me just fine, although those who like a softer mattress might find it a bit uncomfortable, as it is rather firm. Most reviews say it has a useful life of 10-15 years depending on care, which is also a plus.

Overall, I am very satisfied.
This mattress is amazing it's so comfortable I'm sleeping longer and not waking up with a stiff neck sore back or side. My old mattress had me tossing and turning all night long and every morning I would wake up in severe pain. I have not woken up once during the night and my aches and pains are a thing of the past. I will be getting my son a Spa Sensation mattress within the next few weeks. Easy to set up, expands quickly and no issues with odor or mattresses finished shape. I'm a very happy customer!!
Bought this bed for my son who is 10. He absolutely loves this bed. The bed was delivered quickly and it was easy to unroll. We have had it for a month and no problems with it. You can't beat the quality for the price. As for other comments the smell went away quickly and ours did expand to the correct 8 inch mark. I would buy this product again without a doubt.
we didnt expect such a great product at a great price. Soft and high quality matress. Im jealous, we want one now that we got this for our daughter for christmas/
This is my first memory foam mattress purchase. It is replacing our inner spring mattress. What a difference! The inner spring mattress would sag and get too soft. This is firm and perfect. My back pain is much less in the morning. I'm sure more expensive and thicker memory foam mattresses are even better, but this is a great deal.
great night sleep
We bought the queen size to replace the shoddy RV mattress in our camper, which we will be living in full-time soon. Package was available for store pickup when stated. Compressed in plastic wrap inside box. You MUST lie mattress down where you want it because the minute you open the plastic, it expands. They say to wait 48 hrs for full effect, but ours was at the 8" in about 4 or 5 hours. It weighs about 50 lbs and is awkward for one person to handle coming out of the box. VERY comfortable mattress. Firm, yet soft. Best sleep I've had in years. It didn't move the bed when hubby flopped over during the night and he said he slept very well too. Actually snored less! Deep pocket sheets fit it well and I even had some regular queen sheets that worked. Easy to lift edges to apply sheet corners. NO smell! Did NOT retain body heat to the point where it was uncomfortable, just cozy. All in all, very happy with it, highly recommend it.
I purchased this mattress for my guest room and was so impressed by the quality and the great price, I ordered a second one for my own bed.
When this mattress got to our house, we were a little worried about how big it actually was as it came in a box smaller then me (I'm 5'2) but as soon as we opened it and realized it was vacuumed sealed we were pleasantly surprised at the size of it. We bought it for our son's twin size bed and it fits perfectly. We paired it with the
Sauder Parklane Twin Platform Bed we also bought from Walmart and the mattress grew to fit all of the inside of the twin bed. It is so comfy that my husband was telling our son that it was his bed now! It was a great buy.
Very comfortable and relaxing. Seems like it will be very long lasting and durable. I know we will enjoy it!!
I decided to take the plunge and buy this bed because of waking up with backaches everynight with my spring mattress. I was on a budget, and thought this would be my best alternative. Great choice! Have not had one backache since sleeping on this bed !!! It does take a full 48 hours to reach the maximum fullness, dont be inpatient it will expand, but go ahead and sleep on it and put on your sheets, that wont stop it! Love my new king memory foam, its quiet, and I dont desturb my honey when getting in or out of bed!

Also, I do not have a box spring for this mattress, instead I purchased the steel bed frame that acts as a frame and box spring, but better! Works great, with lots of storage room underneath! converts from queen to king!
I love this bed! I needed a new mattress for the bed I just purchased at Ikea. This mattress sits on a steel bed frame with wooden slats. I am comfortable, and am extremely happy with it and recommend it if you are looking for an excellent mattress at a reasonable price!

I ended up also purchasing the 4 inch to go on top, only because I wanted a deeper mattress and the 12 inch would have been too much to handle by myself.

The 8 inch by itself was wonderful, and it's even better with the 4 inch on top. Had my bed been a normal frame, I'd have stayed with the 8,, it was just a personal preference done for convenience, not comfort.

I have no complaints, nor odor regarding this item.

As far as sleeping on memory foam, I had been using a 3 inch topper for the last 5 or 6 years and decided to finally treat myself to an entire new bed. I'm glad I did! :)
We really love our king size so I purchased one for my daughter. She loves it! Would definitely recommend! What a value!!
very happy with product and price
Great Mattress for price.
This mattress is awesome! I bought the 8" with free ship-to home. I'm happy!
It is a little firm, but not too firm. It's still very comfortable, though not as soft as my previous memory foam mattress I bought 3 years ago in a Queen size. We needed to upgrade to a King size, so we got this one since we're on a budget.

I'm very happy with the quality. we have been using it for about a week. No sagging like I've read from some reviewers complaints, but we've only had it for a week. It took about 24 - 36 hours to air up to fully be 8" thick.

We're all loving it. The extra space is definitely great!
8 inch thickness should be enough. 1st night on bed was uncomfortable. Then on it was excellent !
This mattress arrived way earlier than expected and expanded in a very short time. We did not notice any odor while it was expanding. It is a bit firm, but body seems to be adjusting to the different firmness [our former mattress was much too soft and aggravated back pain]. We put it on top of our existing box springs. We are happy to have a mattress that doesn't have to be flipped, and if we do need to turn it around we won't' have to borrow a gorilla too help us. It comes with a 5 year guarantee. So far we are VERY pleased with both the value and quality.
This mattress is amazingly comfy. It is soft and conforming yet firm enough to support you. I expected a chemical "smell" when we opened the box and packaging but there was none. It only took a few minutes for the bed to fully expand from its travel form.
Mattress came shipped in a box rolled up (36 lbs). Easily unpacked and left out for a day to fully expand. Nice and firm and very comfortable, the zippered cover is a plus. Did not notice any "smell" as others have posted.
A relative recommended this as she and her other friend bought it for college / dorm use. Its excellent purchase I have made. Well worth it for the price.
My wife and I were concerned that the 8" mattress would not be thick enough, but so far it has been great. We bought it with the Slumber 1 base that Walmart.com also sells and we cannot feel the bars through it at all.
We were sleeping horribly on our old spring mattress and with this one we are sleep much, much better.
I was concerned the mattress would be too firm and while it is firmer than I am used to, like I said I am sleeping better so maybe a firmer mattress is what I needed.
Mattress is well packed and expands with air when unpacked. Very comfortable for the price and I also have a "name brand" memory foam mattress. I definitely recommend this product for someone looking for an economical alternative to the high-end memory foams.
This mattress is very comfortable, not too hard as others said (I may have been lucky though). My only complaint is that the mattress never reached the full 8" but it is still very, very comfortable and I would recommend it to others.
Bought the King mattress for $199.00 on their website, and have to say it was a great deal. The bed is comfy, and I love it overall. Only complaint is the chemical smell... Its been over two weeks, and I can still smell the odor.
This is the best purchase I've ever made! I don't wake up with back pain anymore & I sleep straight through the night!!!! Love it1!
This mattress is amazing!! Only took 4 hours to fully expand. Smell not very noticable and disappeared after first day. I sleep all night and don't want to get out of bed. I would recommend this mattress to everyone.
No more back pain! Yay! Wife and I can sleep in the middle and the mattress doesn't sag like the last two spring mattresses we had. Originally used with box spring but built a wood frame for $30 that has tons of room beneath for storage. The foam mattress doesn't need continuous support beneath, I used 2x4 wood spaced 3.5" apart and the mattress is very solid. A little firm and perhaps thin looking but a great sleep nonetheless.
what a wonderful thing for people with back pain, yes you need to get used to it but its a great mattress and worth every penny
I would buy it again and recommend to others.
When I ordered this product I was afraid it would be too thin and not comfortable, but I was wrong. While it is a slim mattress, it is very comfortable and looks perfect on the modern platform bed it was purchased for. I've slept on it for the last two weeks and it's better than I expected!
I bought two of these mattresses in twin size for my sons. I was really skeptical because of the price, but it had great reviews so i figured it was worth a try. The mattresses are awesome and feel comparable to higher end memory foam mattresses. They were really easy to set up, and took me all of 5 minutes. We're going to buy several more and upgrade everyone.
The mattress arrived at my local Walmart in a timely fashion. I was expecting it to be much harder to fit in a car. It however comes in a box that can fit into a subcompact's back seat. We used a Ford Fiesta to transport it. Once we got it home we followed instructions to get it ready for use. It is a really comfy mattress. It will support obese people. It is the best deal I have ever seen on a new memory foam mattress.
Fast shipping, very pleased with this product. I bought it for a guest bedroom. After I assembled the platform bed- I was exhausted. Flopped down in this mattress--- and was so impressed. Can not beat the price and was surprisingly comfy.
I purchased this mattress for my 8 year old daughter based on the reviews from this site ONLY. Got the mattress and it's wonderful. What a great deal. It feels so much like a tempurpedic. Really good quality. This mattress is ideal for a platform bed. It's so soft you don't need a foundation mattress. I recommend it highly.
i receive my bed yesterday and im laying on it as i write.
this bed is super soft and heavenly.
thank you walmart
This is overall a great mattress. I have only had it about a week so I will have to see how long it last. If you have a VERY STRONG nose then maybe the smell will affect you a little. As for my girlfriend and myself we have no problem with it at all. If you are used to a soft bouncy bed like myself and want to remain with that this is def not the mattress for you. It is a little firm but you feel yourself sink into the mattress so there is a little give. I really do enjoy and look forward to sleeping deep every night. Orange County Ca !!!!!!!!
Its very comfortable to sleep on. It took 3 days to expand fully to the 8 inches but when it did it was fantastic. For the price I belelieve its a good value.
The package was easy to handle. It came in a medium sized box, not too heavy, proportionate weight for a compressed full sized mattress. It can be transported in the backseat of a 4 door car. It's firmer than I expected which I wanted since I've never had a memory foam mattress before and expected it to be really soft. It's still soft and comfy of course, more so than a standard spring mattress. It inflated on its own in a short period of time. The color of the mattress is a light beige and has a zipper on the bottom to remove the mattress cover for washing. For the price and quality, it's well worth the money.
These mattresses arrived earlier than expected, were easy to set up, and much cheaper than any other memory foam mattress I found anywhere. Awesome deal...and so comfortable!
I absolutely Love this mattress ! Not too soft ,not too firm Just right!!!
This mattress is worth WAY more than the $! I bought this for my guest room but decided to test it out myself before I had guests sleep on it. LOVE it. I have since slept on it several nights because it is actually MUCH more comfortable than my overpriced sleep number bed! Had I but known?

Clearly, you don't always have to pay top $ to get top merchandise and quality! This is one of those times. Do not HESITATE to snatch this mattress up! I LOVE IT!

I read some reviews about the smell.....I can tell you that there was a chemical-like odor when I first put it on the bed. I left it alone in a well ventilated room for a couple of days before putting sheets on it..............the smell dissipated quickly and it is perfect now!
Clean and odor free from box. I would say it's a firm mattress.
If you are looking for a softer mattress I added 2 inch memory foam topper 4lb density, for 99.00
If you want mushy bed add 2 inch 3lb density topper. Still cheaper than many beds
I slept on this same mattress for 2 months - while at a friends home - and loved it so much I had to have one. I could not imagine going back to a mattress with springs.. love the quiet sleep of this bed... the ability to sleep through the night. Comes in a box - so it's so easy to pick up - let it air out for a day... then have the best sleep of your life :)
I got this for our spare bedroom. It is great for our guests. I added an 1 1/2" foam topper just for height.

I am an owner of a previous purchase of a 10" memory foam mattress and was so pleased with my purchase that I told everyone to buy one. But there is no better 'selling point" than actually using this mattress. So when some of my nay-sayer family and friends come to visit-they'll see what I mean about a 'good night sleep'.
We bought this mattress in a Queen for our guest bedroom. I have been having a lot of LBP (low back pain) for the past year. This mattress has helped me get much needed sleep. Meanwhile, my husband loves it, because I don't wake him up when I get in bed (like a spring mattress). We are going to buy a King size bed for our master bedroom.

Great product with a great value. I would recommend it. We purchased it with a platform bed also from walmart. Total bed purchase for platform bed and mattress < $250. Good deal!
I bought three of these. Two for the bunk beds and one for the guest twin bed, all in the 8 inches and they are very comfortable. We did end up putting more support on the bunkbed frames as they had a tendency to sink down inbetween the slats.
This was an incredible deal. Much less expensive than similar products and the shipping to Hawaii was only $29 - that was hard to believe! Great mattress and we are sleeping wonderfully.
Bought this in a full size for my teenage son & he loves it! I paid almost the same price for a memory foam mattress topper for our bed & my other sons bed & now we wish we had bought this instead. Just make sure you let it air out for 24hrs before sleeping on it because there is a slight chemical smell to memory foam when it 1st comes out of the package. Other then that you'll love it as we do
Very good mattress and seems very durable. I've had for about 5 months now and it is still just like when I first got it. The smell lasted only a few days so I would suggest opening and letting it breathe for a few days before sleeping on it.
I purchased this mattress online on a Friday and by the next Friday I already received it at home with FedEx. Very quick! It started decompressing right away after removing the packaging and came to it's exact finished size within 5 minutes. There was absolutely no odor although there was a notice included that there might be. Slept on it now for 3 nights and absolutely love it. I wouldn't rate it too firm nor too soft, just fine for us, we are 130 and 160 lbs, so that may make a difference. Anyway, we figured we couldn't go wrong for $239 for a Cal King size mattress which we could return within 90 days if needed, but I don't think we will!! Still feel my hubby's tossing and turning somewhat but that may be because we placed it on our existing box-spring. So far, so good!!
I ordered a mattress for my 7 yr. old son and one for my bed as well. I am very happy with the quality and comfort. My other son is begging me to buy him one now. It comes rolled up in box but once you unroll it and cut the plastic it puffs up to regular size and fits perfect on my beds.
Love this bed
I now own four foam mattresses purchased through Walmart online. I bought my first one about two years ago when my 15 year old spring mattress was causing me to have severe back pain. I took a chance and ordered it and my back pain eventually went away but it took several months. My kids have been bugging me to get them one ever since. We finally were able to order them their own along with new bedroom furniture. Even though my first mattress was through a different company that no longer sells through Walmart I went with Spa Sensations hoping it would be just a good. It actually was cheaper, offered free shipping and the mattress is a little softer then mine. They are very happy. It's so simple, just place the order and it shows up at your door in a few days, open it up and your all set! The odor wasn't a problem at all, one of them was a little bit more noticeable then the others (really I was the only one who noticed it) so we put it outside on a table for a few hours and it's been fine. Everyone is now comfortable and happy and my bank account isn't nearly as empty as it would have been if I went to a regular mattress store or furniture store. I highly recommend this product, save your hard earned money to buy something else!
The overall review is very good but I was worried that it won't expand to 8 inches before I chose it because of some former reviews, then I decided to give it a try because if it's true I can return it. However, just 5 minutes after I cut the plastic bag, it became 7.5 thick. And within like 2 hours, it expanded to 8 inches. So yeah I don't have to return it. It has an odor, but not that bad, hope it will go away after a few days. And I'm not very picky of mattress, this one is very comfortable to me, both supportive and soft.The delivery is very fast, just 2 or 3 business days, but the plastic bag inside was broken when it arrived and the box outside was very old too. But as the mattress is good, so it's fine.
I couldn't be happier with this mattress. We bought this to replace the standard RV mattress that was in our 5th wheel. This is definitely comfortable enough that I would consider buying it at the primary bed for our house. Truly a great value!
I shopped for a new mattress for months and finally decided to try this one. Absolutely the best mattress I've ever purchased. I delayed purchasing it because my wife likes soft beds and I thought it might be too firm. After having it for 2.5 weeks we both love it. I've not slept this good in 25 years. I wake up and want to stay in bed which is really unusual.

My wife observed that it took the first week for our bodies to get re-aligned and after that the bed got really comfortable. We both wake up without pain or stiffness. She did smell a faint odor for the first week, but I only smelled something when we opened the package.

If you looking for a mattress, I recommend you give this one a try - don't wait just try it.
perfect for guest room, comfortable, good value for money
I decided to buy this mattress after reading tons of reviews.
So far, I'm really happy with my purchase, I sleep so good, less tossing and turning, wake up rested and definitely is the best mattress I ever had. I hope it last many years.
It's not super soft, you won't sink in it, but very comfortable!
I also bought a 6" for my 5 year old and he loves it too.
I love my expensive memory foam mattress. So I got two of these for my girls who are 8 and 5. The mattress puffed up out of the packing for me with zero issues, it was actually quite fast. It is not as firm as my expensive model, but for girls that weigh under 80lbs each they are perfect. And I have laid with them to read, and they would definitely be comfortable enough for me although I personally prefer a rather firm mattress. If you are on the less firm end of the spectrum of mattresses, you will love this.

The only con is not being able to sleep on it the first night so you can let it puff up for completely and air out.
EXCELLENT MATTRESS - TAKES PRESSURE OFF ALL JOINTS. CAME RIGHT ON SHIPMENT TIME RIGHT TO MY DOOR!
Such a great bed! We ordered this site to store and received faster then expected. It rose within 2 hours and my husband slept great. It is firmer then I was used to, but within a week I was completely hooked! I only ordered this because of all the great reviews, and so I wanted to pass it along for the next person with the same questions I had! I don't think you will be disappointed!
I ordered this mattress for my spare bedroom, when I set it up I thought I would try it to see if it was comfortable! It's the BEST!! and at these prices, I will be getting one for master BR. NO more $1500 mattress's. Thank You WalMart.
In our household, we have purchased 3 Memory Foam Mattresses 1- Queen 8" 1- queen 4" 1-King 8". The 2 queen foam mattress were from a different manufacturer, and when the Memory Foam Mattress arrived, we had to put the mattresses inside the protective cover. When the Spa Sensations 8" Memory Foam Mattress arrived, we did not have to put the mattress inside the protective covering. This was a pleasant surprise, and the work was all ready done. We took it out of the package, placed it on the bed in the morning, and by evening the mattress had almost reached it's full 8"". We made the bed and slept on it that evening. I did not smell any objectionable odor from the mattress, like we did with the other two mattresses. We love the Spa Sensations 8" Mattress, and find it to be very confortable, and get a good nights sleep on it.
I would recommend this to anyone who is seeking a good value, and requiring a good nights sleep. I put this Spa Sensatins 8" mattress on a very firm foundation and king size mattress. It was so firm that we could no longer sleep on the mattress. Now we love our bed.
I'm just so impressed with this bed! I've had it for a month and dont have anymore back pain and sleep through the night. Its a little firm, but it molds right to you like a glove in all the right places. I think best of all my girl friend wants to stay over more just to sleep with me on my new bed.(lol) I have allready told everyone I know they got to get one.I was shocked how quickly it was shipped out. Only took 2 days to get it. The price was right on!!!!
This mattress was very easy to unpack and position on the bed. From there, it was just a matter of a couple of hours until it had de-compacted from about 2 inches thick to a full 8 inches thick and it is very comfortable to sleep on.
I've been sleeping on this mattress for a little over a month and it's so comfortable and I love it!
I bought this mattress because it was on sale and I knew I could return it if it wasn't the quality I am used to. The mattress is true to size and just as good of quality than the expensive brand name, which I've slept on frequently.

I cannot stress enough that you have to let this mattress rest and air out for at least 24 hours, more if it's possible. Some of the complaints (smell, firmness) about this mattress wouldn't be issues had this been done. Also, a note about firmness - I believe that people are calling this mattress firm because it is not "bouncy" like a spring mattress, but that is exactly the point. So I guess if you are looking for a bouncy mattress, this is not for you.
I would recommend this mattress to anyone. I bought this for my 11 year old daughter and she swears she sleeps so much better at night. Great value also.
I like firm mattresses. This exactly the kind of firmness i like. I would surely recommend to others
i bought this product to replace a $1000 bragada mattress that i recently purchased. this mattress exceeds that product by far. excellent buy for the money.
Took the mattress out of the box as instructed, let sit for three days before I put it on the bed. It's uniform all the way around and the sheets fit on it great. It's super comfortable, my five year old sleeps like a rock on it.
Pleasantly surprised. Very comfortable. Not to soft, not too firm. Follow the instructions. Mattress measured about 7.5 inches. Only thing we did not do as far as the instructions was unpack the mattress from the package right away because we were waiting for the bed.
Totally awesome topper, Have had a great nights since we purchased it.
Okay, I LOVE this. This is probably my favorite purchase from Walmart ever. I couldn't believe it was so inexpensive so I assumed it would cost a fortune to ship and/or be a piece of junk. It was neither. Because it's a memory foam mattress, it ships compressed and rolled up in a box, and I got overnight shipping on it to my house for only $40 or so. The unpacking and decompressing of the mattress was kind of fun - it was like those little grow animals you get your kids that you put in water and watch get bigger (moms, you know what I mean). The smell of new memory foam is less than desirable for a couple days, so you may want to keep your bedroom window open if it bothers you. As far as the quality of the mattress, I just love it. Memory foam does exactly what it says it will do. On a box spring/platform it's very firm, but molds to your body after you've laid on it for a few minutes. If you just put it on top of another mattress, it becomes much softer, but still molds to your body just as well. It has helped a lot with my back and neck problems, and I'm not tossing and turning at night much, if at all. Huge difference from previous mattresses I have had. Couldn't be happier with this, and at this price, it's practically disposable if it gets worn out later on down the road.
This mattress is so comfortable. I have had the best sleep on it than i have had in years.
Best sleep we have ever had and what a bargain..put a 4" Serta topper on it and this is like a cloud....can't go wrong. Delivery from store to store was great and paperwork was just as stated.
The spa sensation memory foam mattress is very comfortable, you don't have to worry about springs hurting your back the next morning! Best of all it comes compressed in a small box it's very easy to set up.
I am very pleased with this purchase. It was delivered quickly (site-store) and loaded into my car. I managed to get it into the house by myself by using a dolly. I'm petite, so it is plenty comfortable. It is firm, but not overly so. It started plumping up immediately and expanded to its full height in about 8 hours. I was afraid it might be too warm, but it isn't. I did put a wool mattress pad on it as well as a memory foam topper over the zip cover that came with it. There was no smell or other weird things about mattress. I like this as well as other memory foam mattresses I tried in the stores - and it was a fraction of their price. And no delivery fee.
We had purchased the 12 inch mattress in the past and found it to be very hard for the first 6 months or so. After it got "broke in" it was fine.
This 8 inch mattress is very comfortable right from the start. With a good frame, you can't feel any movement from your partner. Even when they get up in the night. There's no more waking up with sore joints and limbs that are numb. The 4 start rating in Appearance, is just because it looks kind of plain. But it's hard to see once the sheets go on. In short, we love it!
This is the second 8" Spa Sensation Memory Foam Mattress that I have purchased. I first bought it for my guest room in a pinch. I ended up moving it to my own bed and moved my $1,000 mattress to the guest room. When I needed a new mattress for my second guest room I knew I had to purchase another Spa Sensation Mattress! Would I purchase another? You bet I would.
My son is sleeping so much better on this mattress. It is very comfortable and the price is far better than other Memory mattresses we have seen.
I got way more comfort for my money than I expected! The mattress's quality is great. Plus I had it delivered to my house; one package turned into great foam mattress. Definitely glad I didn't get to deal with transporting it and haling it up the stairs ( like I had to do in the past)
ordered 2 full size 8 inch mattresses..1 for son's bed 1 for mine..sleep all night now..wake up with energy..use with my old box springs so didn't have to replace those too..much cheaper that way..looks very sleek & tidy..not sure how long they will last, but will get same product whenever these need replacing..can't wait till winter..they're suppose to keep you warmer..
Yes the smell that everyone talks about was there but was gone in a couple of days. It's very comfortable and my kids love the way it feels too.
This was a perfect substitute for the traditional foam mattress without the high cost of one. You just might want to air it out for a day or two before sleeping on it, apart from the mattress needing to expand to its complete fullness, it really has a strong order to it when you open it from the box.
bought two of these mattresses' for my daughter's new bedroom.... they are amazing!! now my 14-year old wants to replace his queen size mattress with the same. (hint: unpack quickly, the mattress start to "grow" as soon as the box is unsealed)
We were sleeping on an old spring bed. Our backs were waking us before the alarm went off. We are a tall couple and needed the room (we also have two dogs who love to jump in our bed during the night) so we opted for the California King Size 8" Memory Foam Mattress. We hoped it would be comfortable and after reading the reviews decided it would be great for us. We used ship to store for pick up and within a week we were in our new bed. The smell faded quickly and setup was a breeze. We also bought the frame for it and it was easy to setup as well. Comfy, firmer than what we thought but we like it, and no need for box spring. A great price for this size bed. We highly recommend this keeper and look forward to buying more in the future for our guest bedrooms. Sleep well everyone.
This is my 2nd purchase of a 8" spa sensations queen memory foam mattress. It is perfect for my queen size platform bed frame. Basically, just take it out of the box and it's ready! The best sleep I've had, has been on 1 of these mattresses. My 1st one was 1 solid piece of memory foam, but this new one is made out of 2 -4" thick pieces. It is still great though. The previous spa sensation mattress, I have had it for 5 years. I just needed another one for a separate room. They are hard to find now. Oh, they are the cheapest best deal out there.
Like everyone else I was pretty skeptical about buying a mattress from Walmart especially when it was so much cheaper from most other outlets. I've had the matterss for about a month. I sleep like a baby. I have all my family members buying these.
This product is wonderful.It is so nice to sleep on i hate to get up.
I love love love this bed!!!! I tried so many memory form beds, this one actually turns out to be the best and cheapest! Don't be fool by the cheap price. It's actually a really nice bed. It's very firm, not soft at all. I took a nap in it just 2 hrs right out of the box. I couldn't wake it because it was so comfy. I'll recommend to anyone who's in the market for a form mattress.
This mattress is firm enough to keep my back aligned and supported all night (I'm about 170 lbs.) yet it is so soft I don't even need a pillow! The only thing I could critique is that with another in the bed, you kind of roll in toward each other, but not nearly as bad as with our old spring mattress. So heavier people may not find it as firm as I did. Plus the cost is way lower than anything else I could find, and when I get ready to move, I can just fold it up instead of renting a trailer as with standard mattresses. Overall, best thing I've ever slept on. And the best part is the no-risk involved, since you can return it to walmart if you don't like it. That guarantee is the only way I would have ever made such a personal purchase online.
I am super please with this bed! I added a 2 inch memory foam topper that I already had and now I never want to get out of bed!
Very fast shipping site to store of 4 days. Very comfortable and firm mattress for the money. Easy transport. Great deal! I am buying another!
We ordered this mattress to replace the bed my son took to college. It is on a platform bed. Reallistically we were looking for the best cost versus quality we could find and anything that claimed to be thicker or of higher quality than this mattress was a LOT more expensive. It seems pretty comfortable for the amount of time I have laid on it, but no one has actually spent an entire night on this mattress yet as it is basically a guest bed. It only took a day to get fully fluffed up (actually probably not even that long because it was opened in the late afternoon and not really checked on until the next day.) It did off-gas quite a bit for a few days, so I'm glad no one needed to sleep on it right away. We just shut the bedroom door and opened the window. It is fine now. I only gave it the 3 stars on 'meets expectations' because no one has slept all night on it yet, so I can't be sure it meets our sleep expectations, but we are pretty happy with it in all other instances. I think, however, I can recommend this mattress for the price.
Excellent and very comfortable
Most comfortable mattress I've slept on in years! I still can't believe that such a quality item was so cheap ! I'm ordering another for my son, I've been sleeping on mine for about two months now & it's super comfortable! Very soft yet firm enough to provide support!
I bought that mattress and i am very sutisfied.My choice was based on reviews and best sellers category.Great product,good price.
We were in need of a King Mattress and upgrading from a pillow top! I can just say when we got it in a box I was not so sure but with in an hour I was excited to see how if fluffed up! We slept on it that night and it has been the best purchase of my life! Best sleep ever! we've had it now for 3 months and WE LOVE IT!!!!!! No back pain anymore! SO WORTH IT!!! I make everyone try it when they come over. just get it!
I brought this for my 8 years old daughter and it's just GREAT!!! She loves it! I tried and what a big difference to the regular mattress!!!
this bed is softer after three day, but i didn't feel sink my back in when i sleep like the temperpedic did sink in all my back temperpedic is too expensive. So I recommend get the 12 inch one instead of 8 inch. If you can afford tempedic get it. because you can compare this cheap mattress with temperpedic.
I have had my 8" Spa Sensation for about a month now and I am very pleased with my purchase.

It is a Queen size which is on a Bunkie Board on a metal frame.

People had previously stated that there was an oder to the product. When the mattress is first unwrapped from all it's plastic covering, there is a small smell of the foam that is made from. Once it is removed from the packaging and placed on your frame, is quickly disappears.

I left my mattress on the frame for 24 hours before I slept on it so it would fully expand to size.

I am 60+ with arthritis. It is wonderful to sleep on this matteress. I am now sleeping through the night, waking refreshed. I admit I do sometimes spend extra time in bed before getting up - just because it feels so relaxing.

I give this product 5 stars because I can not give it any more than that. Good value for your money. Easy to order and fast delivery to your local store.
This Spa Sensations 8" Memory Foam Mattress was delivered well within the estimated delivery date. This product exceeded expectations; Excellent sleep surface.
Bought this 9 months ago on sale at a Walmart and love it. I have had two back surgeries and several mattresses later, both soft and firm did not help reduce the pressure, and this has done the job.
no more body aches!!!!!! no more back pain!!!! only fresh mornings!! =]
buy it 100% recommend.
soft sleeps easy. like sleeping on a cloud not back pain with this mattress. it is just like a temerpu but cheapper.
I wasn't sure how good this product was going to be. It is a very comfortable and inexpensive mattress. My husband has back trouble and he has not had any trouble with his back in the last two weeks (since switching to this mattress). We both sleep well and love our new mattress.
I'm overseas right now, was having major back problems with the old worn out mattresses ... this one was light enough to ship and almost instantly gave me relief ... so worth the price (cheep too) ... I will probably end up buying one when I get home as weel!
Very nice mattress, I noticed no odor, quickly retained its size & I was able to sleep on it that night! Also, ordered one for my grandson who needed an upgrade from a toddler bed.
After paying thousands of dollars over the years on mattresses, mattress toppers, even an air bed, but not being able to afford a Tempurpedic, I decided to try something like this, and am so glad I did. My husband and I both suffer from back problems, his lower, mine upper. So far it's been 3 weeks and we both love this mattress. And the best part is, it was a fraction of the price of a tempurpedic, and I am certain it is just as good.
Mattress was so good. My wife and l like very much.. It was so soft and feeling wonderful when I sleep on bed. Worth buying for the right price.
I think it is the most comfortable bed I have ever had in my 60 + years. I sleep so much better than I ever have.
Very comfortable and firm enough for me and I'm a big guy
I bought this mattress for my 10 year old son. Excellent choice. Firm and very comfortable. Great value for the money. I am planning to buy another one for my 7 year old daughter.
first foam mattress and my son loves it.
mattress is firm, but a killer steal for the price its at
I bought a full size for myself and a twin for my son. Affordable and comfortable. So easy to set up. Open and watch it unfold. Came to full size in about 8 hours. Some have said there is an odor , mine was odor free. I have had this type of mattress in the past , so I am a repeat user. My old one hit the 8 year mark and had started to compress a little so I treated myself to a new one. Honestly , give it a try.
I didn't think I would like the mattress but I took a chance and glad I did I haven't slept this well in years. I didn't have that much money to spend on a mattress and I needed a bed quickly and figured seeing I was spending so little I could just stick it out until I could afford a better one and well great buy for what I paid.
we bought this matress for my 9 year old son. his dad and i tried it out and it was awsome. my son loves it too. he sleeps soundly and wakes up well rested. we are going to order one for us too.
I bought two mattresses, one queen and one king for our camper which we recently purchased. The king one I cut down to fit two bunks. It required some sewing but worked great. We have slept on the beds a few times and just love them. Had a great nights sleep. Would definately purchase more of these mattress and I tell all my friends what a great deal they are.
I did not know what to expect from this mattress. Both kids, ages 8 and 11, needed new mattresses, so I decided to buy these from reading all of the reviews. I think these are a great buy. They are extremely comfortable and come conveniently packaged. I am thinking about purchasing one for my husband and I.
I bought this twin mattress for my sons bunk bed and he loves it! The other mattress he had was a traditional spring mattress, and he kept begging me to get him a different one because he could feel all of the springs. So, I broke down and ordered this one after reading some of the reviews.
The day we recieved the mattress we opened it up and measured it. At the time it was only only 5", but the directions claimed it would open to full 8" with in three days. However, his mattress was opened to the full extent within two hours! Yes, there was a slight chemical or paint smell but it was not that bad, and was gone within two days.
I highly recommened this matress and now my other two children are wanting one! Wonderful product!
Bought this for my soon-to-be 3 year old granddaughter, since I always seem to end up falling asleep after reading her books. It's very comfortable and the size is great for the money.
I was not sure about this purchase because they also sell a 10" and 12" mattress. This was ordered for my son who is 6' and 180 lbs. I was afraid it would be too thin, being only 8" of foam padding, and he would feel the like he was sunken into the hard platform under him. Because of the structure of the foam, you do not sink into the material, but rather have support, with just enough give to be extremely comfortable. In my opinion, 10 or 12" is over-kill, because 8" is perfect. So perfect in-fact that I want one for my room. Just a bit of reassurance, when it comes out of the box it is flattened and needs to absorb air to puff up (24 hours or less), but after that, it is wonderful. Not sure about you, but I can't have a mattress too hard or too soft. Enjoy!
Good firmness and yet soft enough go cradle your body. Very quick delivery as well.
this mattress lives up to its hype. very comfortable. you will need to let it air out for one day because it comes compacted in the box . and it needs to expand for one day. otherwise it is a wonderful product.
Our kids love them, they're very comfortable and don't lend themselves to trampolining (which we love). A great mattress option especially for the price.
I really like the quality and hope to get many years os use. It was easy to uppack also.
We purchased this mattress to replace an 18-year old traditional mattress. We had read some other reviews that mentioned a smell for the first couple of days... we unpacked it, placed it on our existing box springs and let it expand for about six hours. There was no smell that we noticed. We used the mattress that night, and to our complete delight woke up the next morning with NO BACK ACHES! The Spa Sensations 8" memory foam mattress is wonderful. Just by coincidence, the delivery man who brought us our order said that he had one as well, and his experience with the mattress was also a very favorable one! You will have a winner here if you get this mattress! An added plus is the reasonable price compared to other memory foam or traditional mattresses. Thank you Walmart!!!
Arrived on time, compactly packed, slight smell but did not last long. Very comfortable, happy with the product.
I was amazed by the product. It came in a box and plump up as it was unrolled. The actual mattress is more than what I expected, my 11 yrs old girl is pleased with it. That s a good sign. WalMart delivery is outstanding. I will buy more stuff from them.
I love this matress, It's not fancy but it is really comfortable, If I would have known that this matress was so good, I would have bought it before. Your pocket and your whole body will thank you.
we bought this mattress to use for a year, so we didn't want to spend a lot of money. This was well worth it!

Very comfortable, didn't have a smell out of the box and it only took a few hours to puff up to the 8"!

This is my first foam mattress and I don't think I'll ever get another kind!
We bought this for our college aged son who has always had trouble sleeping well. His old bed was awful so i wanted to get him the best I could afford. Since he has been sleeping on this bed he's more rested, more alert, and has a much easier time falling asleep at night. He has has less pain in the morning. He hates getting out of this bed! This is the best thing I've ever bought him.
This bed came to my nearest Wal-Mart location and I picked it up from them. The box fit right inside a regular shopping cart, but there was no room for anything else inside the cart after that. When I took it home, opening it was a little bit difficult. I would recommend you have help with that part. We had to split open the bag it came vaccuumed sealed in. After that, we just set it up on the bedframe, put sheets on it, and it was ready to sleep on that night. It didn't fully rise to the full 8 inches for another day or so, but it was still definitly comfortable to sleep on anyway.
When reading reviews for this mattress I read a few comments about a funny smell from the matress itself. I have noticed that smell, but it's not overwhelming, unless you might be extremely sensitive to odd smells. It kind of it a chemical type smell coming from it, like whatever it's made of is the source. It's not very noticable with sheets on it however. And I plan on spraying some febreze on it at some point to see if that will help any.
In all, this bed is a great value, very comfortable, quiet (doesn't squeak at all when moving like a traditional spring matress) and it's also firm, but not rock solid. I am very satisfied with my purchase.
I really like the memory foam mattress I purchased from Walmart.com. I received it faster than scheduled by having it shipped to the store in my area.I have been sleeping much better since I got it.
Have a 12" king in our master bedroom. This 8" mattress is a great value and the perfect mattress for our guest room. Very comfortable and will provide a perfect nights sleep for visiting friends and family.
I didnt know what to really expect, but after i unrolled this full size mattress and it opened up
it was terrific to sleep on. I got this for my spare bedroom, and also got the
wood slot frame. My kids college friend is staying with us as he attends school this year so he
will be using it all the time. Ive seen this in 12inch thickness also, and im considering
that when i buy a larger king size bed for my own room.
The mattress arrived in a big box approx 20 inches square by about 4 feet long, easy to unpack, the instructions stated to allow mattress to decompress for 48 hours, which I did. Easy to put one bed, however it is a 2 person move. Excellent value as you can not beat the price, I am expecting this mattress to last a long time. Sleeping on it was a dream, don't feel my partner move at all.
got this for my son he loves it, and says it is very comfortable
I was suprised when the matress arrived and it was comparable to a tempurpedic.
I WISH I'D KNOWN ABOUT THIS MATTRESS BEFORE I WASTED MONEY ON 3 PADS THAT ENDED BALLED UP IN A KNOT. THERE ARE SOME THINGS MEMORY FOAM CAN'T UNDO. FOR WHAT I PAID FOR THOSE PADS I COULD'VE HAD THIS IN THE FIRST PLACE. I NEVER NOTICED ANY ODOR FROM IT AND YES IT IS SLIGHTLY FIRM BUT IT CUT MY TOSSING AND TURNING BY 75% IMMEDIATELY. WHEN I FIRST UNPACKED IT I LAID DOWN ON IT TO REST AS FOR ME BEING DISABLED IT WAS QUITE A JOB. I SOON HAD TO GET UP OR I WOULD HAVE BEEN ASLEEP AND THIS WAS BEFORE IT HAD EXPANDED TO FULL SIZE. NOW IT'S EVEN BETTER. FINALLY SOME SLEEP!!!
My son seems to like the mattress so far but he has only had it since Christmas 2014. Memory foam seems to be holding up, it has no odors. Doesn't get too hot as others had said. Would reccommend to others and the price is great
We had been using a 3 " memory foam topper on our old mattress for a few years, and decided to upgrade to a full memory foam mattress. After shopping around, we chose this one because it came in California King size, had good reviews, and was an excellent value. It is great. We had no problems at all with unfolding or odors. The mattress was fully unfolded in a few hours, and we were able to sleep on it that night. We like a firm mattress, and it is firm, but conforms to the body for total comfort. My only wish is that it had a better mattress covering...so I purchased a good mattress cover, and now we are completely satisfied. I highly recommend this product.
This matress is the most comfortable mattress I have ever had. No more body crooks, stiff neck, or swollen face, neck and shoulders from pressure points. I will never get rid of this mattress. I ordered 02-10-12 late afternon, shipped on the 12th and arrived on the 14th..very impressive service. I read the reviews for months and am so haaaaaaapy
I do love this mattress. It is the most comfortable one that I have ever owned. I am enjoying it immensely.
I love this bed! I was nervous because I bought it online, but it turned out to be fabulous! I sleep like a baby :)
Very reasonably priced! Extremely comfortable! I aired it out about 48 hours before using, and never experienced the chemical smell some reported.
I bought this mattress to put in the back of my SUV so I can ride long trips comfortably as I have a bad back. I had to cut in down to fit but it works splendidly!!!!!! Now my yorkie and I can lie in comfort and watch movies while hubby drives :)
I am planning to buy a king size for my platform bed frame to replace the tempurpedic mattress which I currently have that is too firm for me (should have gotten a softer one).
I have owned a name brand memory foam bed for several years. When I decided to get one for the guest bed, I looked around quite a bit. You can't beat this price! As for the quality, I think it matches the quality of my name brand mattress. One thing I want to mention. It comes vacuum sealed and it took several days for it to poof up to the full 8 inches. I'm very please with this mattress!
Bought this for our toddler daughter and she slept the entire night. She enjoys going to bed every night. The only issue was the smell of it, but after a few days of opening windows to let it vent, the smell went away. Very pleased!!
This mattress was purchased for my son's loft bed. The shipping was extremely fast from Walmart, and came rolled up and vacuum sealed. After opening the mattress and letting it expand back to it's original state, we laid down on it to feel how soft it was. The mattress is fairly firm, and not very 'springy', meaning that after you lay on it, it takes a few seconds for it to return to it's previous shape. I was hoping that it would have been a little bit softer, but for what the mattress is, it's a great value.
this is a very good quality mattress. well worth its price. it is very comfortable and was very easy to set up.
We absolutely love this mattress!! It was the right price and exceeded our expectations. We could not believe the price while other mattresses are over $1,000. Definitely buy one if you are thinking about it. You cannot go wrong. My back has not hurt since the first night I slept on it.
I love this mattress, haven't slept this well in awhile.
My husband and I both LOVE this mattress. We ordered the Queen size. It is wonderful! I get the best nights sleep on it I've ever had! It is an excellent value too! The 8" is perfect. We can't feel the frame at all underneath. We ordered the Slumber 1 Smart Base from Walmart to go with it.
It was easy to unroll. The odor fades in a few days. We have a minivan and to pick it up from the store we had to put one of the seats down.
The first night I slept on this mattress is the best I have slept in years.
The Best sleep we've had in years. No more tossing and turning or sheets sliding off bed. This is the best thing since sliced bread!
Received our spa sensations memory foam mattress from walmart. We used their site to Store option.Ease of pick up was a pleasant surprise .Brought mattress home and unpacked it. We let it sit for a day and then slept on it the following night. It is a firm mattress with plenty of support yet soft enough that it provides a good night's sleep. If you like a slightly firmer mattress I would highly recommend The Spa sensations memory foam for you. We are very satisfied with our purchase.
I am thoroughly pleased with this purchase. My mattress only expanded to 7 1/2 inches but is good enough for me, I had previously gotten a 4 inch memory foam topper which I put underneath this one onto a smart base platform bed frame. I wanted to eliminate the need for a box spring. My body has never had good rest till now, and I get good quality sleep. I never want to leave my bed! I am excited that I was able to build or put together the perfect bed for me without having to shell out money I don't have for a product I can't afford without sacrificing quality. It is pretty firm but soft where need be, which I am a side sleeper and it is suggested for such.
Third mattress I've bought for my family! My kids think it's the most comfortable mattress ever!
My husband and I love this Spa Sensations 8" memory foam mattress and still can't get over the low price. It's incredibly comfortable and molds very well to the contours of your body. We've had it for about a month now and for $300, it doesn't really matter if it only lasts a few yrs...at that price, we can afford to easily replace it every few yrs. It does smell a little weird for the first week, but the odor dissipates and it's not overwhelming or gross...like a faint chemical or plastic packaging odor. And it does take a few days to fully expand, but we slept on it the night it arrived and although it felt good at first, it felt really good and improved after a few days.
I ordered it online and had it sent to store. It was very easy to pick up from store and bring home. Had someone help me carry the box upstairs, box ways 70 lbs. after that took it out of box cut plastic open and watched it grow to full size. it took less than an hour to reach the 8 inches. was very easy to move it exactly where i wanted it after it puffed up to full size. It was off gassing alot so i let it sit for a day. the next night i slept on it. it was extremly comfortable and it was extremly hoy outside and i did not over heat like some say u might. its a lil firm but not like some say. it will mold to your body and is comfy. all and all great bad it just off gases a lot, but a week has passed and it has gotten way better.
This is a good mattress. My husband hurt his back, years ago and has had problems with it, especially when he gets up in the morning. And also he wakes up with a sore body. But no more, since we got this mattress! He told me that I "HIT THE JACKPOT" when I got this mattress, because he no longer wakes up with a sore body and his back feels good now. He is 70 years old. We have had this mattress for a month.
When it saids Memory Foam it is true, because when I was laying on it, it do conform to my body. And when I got off of it, I thought that it was going to stay sinked in where my body was, but it did come back to its original flatness but not right away like a regular matress do.
Was looking for smth really simple but comfy. That was great found!! Thank yiu walmart))
Comfortable mattress, I recommended absolutely!
This memory foam is great. The whole purchase from start to finish was great. When I opened my box there did seem to be a minor stain already in it but I just figured it was from the foam being wrapped so tight. But as for the mattress it adjusts to ur body as it states it "memory foam." I have been able to rest so much better..its soft..its firm.. its just perfect. the bed is awesome!
I couldn't be happier. For the money, it just fits and exceeds what I thought.
We are you using this on a Daybed frame as a couch & it is amazingly comfortable.
Bought this for my son who had recently begun complaining about his 10-year-old mattress. He got a good night's sleep immediately!
Cheap. Comfortable. Light.
Enjoy the advantage of foam mattress but no need to pay rocket high price.
I will recommend to everyone.
First off it comes in a box that can fit in any four door sedan, its light enuff for any able body man to handle (some women). Second it takes about an hour to rise (as it comes vacuum sealed). Third i slept like a king on it about 2hrs after picking it up from walmart's site to store desk.
This is an Awesome buy for your money I almost bought the $500 other guys memory foam .
i also got the {smart Base} with it and it works like a dream
Love this mattress....so comfortable got it for my
Teenage Son & I ordered another one for my daughter.
Great Mattress. First time we have a memory foam mattress and my kid loves it! Definitely recommended!
I love the mattress, is very comfortable. The only thing is that it doesn't really measure the 8 inches like it states. Seven inches is the measurement we got after 2 days of waiting for it to expand.
The only thing I wish I did different was, I should have got the 10 in.
this is my second memory foam mattress i have 8" and 12" memory foam mattress this is a great product at a great price, i have a bad back and this makes it feel great, my daughter loves my so i got her one. everyone who try's it loves it, dont pass it up if your looking for a better/new mattress u can't go wrong with this product.
I can't afford one of those $2,000 mattresses so I decided to try this mattress on for size. I love it. It's comfortable and fits perfectly in the Laguna Bed. I was a bit weary about it since it arrived in a box...but once it was opened and given time to expand (I gave it 24 hours eventhough it was at 8" with a few hours...i measured) it's been awesome ever since.
Fell in love with this mattress while visiting relatives. Bought the exact size but this one doesn't seem quite as firm as theirs, could be our box-spring.
If I were to purchase this again I'd buy one a little deeper. Maybe the eleven incher.
This mattress really seems to make a big difference with the arthritis in my hips.
This mattress is by far more comfortable than my $3000.00 Sealy Posturepedic pillow top with memory foam. This is a fantastic buy !
I followed the recommendation and let it rise and air out for three days. I am very impressed by the quality for the price. I would definately buy another and wonder if a thicker pad would be better?
Bought as a Guest Bed everyone who used it had a good night's sleep. Bought the queen size and the frame.
After reading all the reviews I ordered the mattress, it came 6 days later, Fed Ex... no problems. I ordered a full size mattress to put on my 30 yr old sons futon frame, decided to just use it as a bed, the mattress is AMAZING! After getting it out of the box and plastic wrap we positioned it on the frame of futon and it laid on there and within
minutes began to expand. There is a slight order, which is not bad, and we actually both laid on it to see how it would feel. It conforms to your body and is extremely comfortable. I feel for the price this is a very good deal, my son is sleeping on it as I write this , he looks very comfortable, I would highly recommend this to anyone looking for a good night sleep
Easy to lift box it was delivered in and unpackage. Great product. I have replaced all the mattresses in the house with this brand.
This mattress is soooooo comfortable! I am used to firm mattresses and to me this mattress has meduim-firm support. The memory foam combined with the comfort foam makes it soft and supportive.

About the rising and odor:
The mattress arrived vacuum packed in a 35 lb. box. After opening the vacuum pack, it rose to about 6.75 inches. This was at 7PM. By 6AM the next day, it measured 7.5 inches. By 4PM, it was a full 8 inches. I let it rise in the garage and did not smell a strong odor. When I put it in the bedroom, the odor was much more noticable. It has been a couple of weeks now and the smell is there, but much reduced. It smells the same as a tempurpedic mattress, so it must be the memory foam layer.

This mattress has very good quality and comfort for an unbeatable price. Great value!
It feels like everything that you would think a memory foam mattress feels like. I love it!
I read the other reviews so I was expecting a horrible smell but there was only a slight smell and I think it was mostly from the plastic bag. I unrolled it and let it expand and slept in it that night and it truly was a good night sleep. On my previous mattress I would toss and turn all night and in the morning I felt like I never slept. With this mattress I slept all night and I felt so rested the next morning. My friend came over to see it and she said it really felt like the expensive memory foam posterpedic bed that her parents had.
Best money I've ever spent.
My daughter was in need of a new mattress and had very specific "wants". The highest on her list was "no metal springs". Of course I had my list as well and the highest on it being "price" and "durability". After mentioning the need of a mattress to my co-worker, he suggested this mattress from Wal-mart.
I would never have dreamed Wal-mart had mattresses. His sister had purchased this item and recommended it highly. After doing research and reading how other people felt about this product, we purchased it.
To our amazement, it was shipped to the store approximately a week early. I got it home and like many others wondered how this compact product was going to work out. After a bit of struggle to get it out of the packaging, we got it placed on her bed. Withing 1 1/2 hrs it was the complete 8" thick!!! We did not have an odor like others described either. After the first night, my daughter said she would have to see how this was going to work out (she had been sleeping on the floor-you would think anything would be an improvement!) After the third night, she told me she loved it!!! YES!!!! She said the worst thing about it was that it is so comfortable, she doesn't want to get up in the mornings and go to school. I've also tried it and highly recommend this product!!!! Am so thankful it was suggested by my friend!
I found this mattress to be as expected from the description and reviews. Allowed 72 hours to fill out and air out, had a slight odor that dissipated and don't notice now. Is quite comfortable and fits my platform bed very well. The price was reasonable and quality good.
purchased for our camper , slept on it for 1 night to test and its great!
The Memory Foam Mattress was purchased for my grandson who was returning to his dorm room for another year. As he truly loves school and the dorm type of life I knew something was really wrong when he complained about his bed at school and not being able to sleep. I went on line and reviewed several mattresses and decided to go with the memory foam 8' twin size that he could just throw on top of the existing mattress because he was not allowed to remove the mattress that was already in the dorm. My grandson has reported back to school and has told me at least a dozen times how much he loves his bed. He says he can sleep all night and get up in the morning feeling great. I would highly recommend this mattress.
We purchased this after searching the furniture stores and seeing the price of king sized mattresses. We saw this online and took a chance. It was a great choice. We love this mattress. It is very comfortable. The mattress conforms to your body providing comfort and a good's night sleep. The memory foam mattress is nice because when your spouse gets into or out of the bed, it does not shift and you do not disturb the other.

Great value over all. There is a slight odor in the foam when you first open package, but it is a great product overall.
I have gotten out of bed every morning with much less pain. It is wonderful to be able to lay down for over 6 hours.
Perfect mattress, purchased one last year and this year replaced another room mattress as well.
Everybody should have one, so much better than regular mattress!
Very good mattress for the price. I have a king size one and it sleeps wonderful. Just the right amount of support yet give.
Love this mattress. It is firmer than I expected but in a good way! It is soft enough to cradle you but not where you sink in several inches like the other memory foam mattress I have. We did put it on our very firm king boxsprings to give it some height. Only expanded about 7"-7.5". Holding up well for the couple months we've had it and we are not small people.
Purchased two of these full size mattresses for our children based on all the positive reviews. Very pleased with the comfort the mattress provides. We are now planning on purchasing the King size mattress for ourselves but will probably go for the 10" mattress Spa Sensations offers...
Having never bought a mattress online, i was hesitant. But i went for it and its great, best mattress i have owned. Go for it. Never slept so good.
I have back problems and used to sleep on hard surface. This is a foam mattress but its not too soft that you would feel like sinking. It raised to 8" in two days. It did smell of foam/rubber but I got mattress cover and after that I dont smell anything. I am sure smell would have gone in a couple of days if I had waited but either way I was going to use the cover.
I have never slept on a memory foam mattress before and this product is perfect. It was a very good price and very comfortable. I highly recommend this product to any one
We bought a full size foam mattress for my daughter here as we have bought them here before, each time at unbeatable prices. Arrived 5 days ahead of their shipping time estimation in a remarkably small box. Set it up late afternoon and began using it that night. No problems of any kind. A perfect mattress. Delivered to my door. All 5 stars.
I wonder why people buy mattresses for 3-4 times this price when gems like this are available. Comes compactly packed (around 5'x2') and gains full size in 2-3 hours. I love firm matresses and ordered the firm one. This has a decently flexible memory foam which is firm enough.
What a fantastic product. Didn't think it would expand to 8 inches from 2 inches in 24 hours, but it did. Amazed how comfortable it was to sleep on. Price was great, delivery to store was no problem. Thinking of buying a second one for our home since the first was purchased for a vacation home.
This mattress arrived quickly (free shipping!) in a small but heavy box, with my full size inside. I put it in my bedroom and opened it up--a slight odor, but it plumped up fast and slept on it that night. I'm pretty sensitive to smells, and was worried this might be a problem, but it wasn't. So comfortable! The memory foam layer on top gives nicely but the firm foam below supports well. I like how it isolates motion. You can't beat the price or the fact its returnable. I found other foam mattresses out there, but not returnable once opened.
Spectacular! , Well, and an exclamation point. Sounds like a movie... Starring Spectacular and his sidekick exclamation point. You get the point!
Excellent product . Hold up perfectly after a year already just purchased another for the guest room - also bought the spa sensations frame and this set is awesome very very comfy and much more so than my memory foam mattress that cost $900 bucks ... Highly recommend
I bought this mattress for my adult son (in college). He cannot stop raving about how awesome it is. It must be very comfortable to get a kid who complains about everything to give such wonderful feedback lol.
Great price, support, and delivered to my house within a week!
I am currently in the process of moving and have moved mostly all into my new place except for the biggers things such as my queen sized American Signature mattress and boxspring that I paid $600.00 for a few years ago. I ordered a twin and a queen spa sensation 8" memory foam mattress for my children to use when they are with me. For support purposes, I purchased the 14 point frames both for under $100.00. I will review those shortly under their product reviews sections. Anyhow....Throughout the night I woke up a couple of times and could not believe how comfortable I felt...how relaxed I felt. I did not want to get up and go to work this morning. For the one percenters out there who are complaining the bed is hard.....go away!!!! Go buy a used mattress that is bouncy and has no support. From lying on my back to lying on my side, I am amazed at this very inexpensive mattress. One truly cannot go wrong with these....I know the mattress I am waiting for is a good one but I also know I will miss this mattress after tonight once my bed arrives tomorrow morning.
Comfortable mattress, good value for the money.
I did a lot of research on this bed before purchasing it. The reviews were good and the only thing I couldn't decide on was whether to get the 8" or the 12". I went ahead and purchased the 8" only because the 12" was out of stock. I was worried that it was a bad decision. Turns out it the 8" is fantastic. I have never slept so comfortably before in my life. I have problems with my sciatic nerve and sleeping on my old spring mattress had me waking up in excrutiating pain every morning. since using the Spa Sensations mattress I wake up refreshed and pain free every day! I love this mattress!
Very comfortable. Great for a platform bed.
Has to replace my teenage sons bed and this was perfect. Easy to setup and very comfortable. Might by one for myself now!
This bed was everything I was hoping it was going to be! It is so comfortable, and so spacious! I absolutely love it and highly reccomend it!
the most comfortable mattress i have ever had! and i have spent thousands in the past.we bought this because we didn't want to spend alot because we were going to a seasonal rental. it wound up being the BEST , MOST COMFORTABLE mattress w have ever had!
Bought for my daughter and she loves it.
So, so comfortable.
We got a bunk bed from walmart n thought shed better have a matress shes used to shleeping on so e went with this one n a smaller for the top!! i love it n she loves it. Its like sleeping on mom n dads expensive one!! I even fell right to sleep on it:) And great 4 the bunk bed! WAY better than buying a regular matress 4 ur special cuties:)
I ordered this same thing for son's huuse in CA because husband had back surgery and we like it so well we ordered another for our other son's house in VA. Husband and I are sleeping well!
This mattress was for my daughter. I thought it was going to be very soft to where you would bottom out if you had any weight to you at all. Boy was I wrong. I paid $4k for my temprpedic and this one feels just as good. She loves it! I will be replacing my boys beds with the same mattress as this is as nice as the real expensive ones. Buy it, you won't regret it.
wow-best sleep ever! be sure and follow directions when opening product--roll out and allow the mattress to "plump up " before using.
Amazing! Didnt take long to rise to near full size. Took about 3-4 hours to get about 3/4 or more of the size.
my first foam mattress recommended by family members, turns out to be very comfortable, easy on my joints.
Affordable, comfortable mattress! Great for my teenager! Easy to transport and setup.
The matress arived quickly and installed easily. I am very pleased with the comfort level experienced. I have an adjustable bed and the matress bends to takes the contours very well.
This matress is amazing!!! my mom bought me this matress yesterday...and it is great!! I have been waiting to get a new matress for such a long time (the matress i used to have was a tempurpedic, and it was wayyy too firm, so we returned it and got this. In my opinion, this matress is much better than a tempurpedic. We ordered it online, to have it shipped to the store. It took 5 days to get to walmart, and when we piced t up from the store it was in a cardboard box, about my height (which is 5'3, and I am 12 by the way). When I got home, my family and I unpacked it right away. When we took it out of the cardbord box, It was in a bag, and when we took it out of the bag, the matress was totally deflated. However, it got bigger right away. It took about 5 minutes to inflate and for the smell to go away. Right after, my sister and i jumped on the matress. IT WAS AMAZING!! this is the second day i have used it, and it is the best!! I would definatly recommend it.
I needed a new mattress and had a very limited budget, so I bought this to serve until I could get a "real" one. I love this! I am sleeping so much better, and I don't think I could have done any better for the money. It takes a little time to get used to it after using an inner spring mattress, but it is very comfortable. The only thing that I miss is being able to sit on the side of the bed, because there is no extra support there, but that is a non issue as I can take the money I saved and buy a bench for the bedroom! I would recommend this to anyone.
Great Value
Great mattress... Going to purchase this in smaller size for my children.
We purchased this based on the reviews for our vacation home. It is more comfortable than our Simmons Beautyrest and was substantially less expensive. We have only slept on it 2 nights, it is very comfortable.
I bought this for my daughter she Loves it!!!! she is so hard to by a mattress for.....she loves that it is not too hard and not too soft, we all tried it very comfortable!! We are very satisfied.
I have to say I was quite pleased. I wasn't sure how a mattress would be shipped, but it was vacuum sealed into a decent sized box so that it wasn't taking up too much space. Once I got it out, I gave it a test try and found it to be very comfortable! It seems a little firm, but you sink in just enough! Perfect for the guest room.
We love this matress! We have a sailboat and needed a replacement mattress for the aft master cabin. This mattress comes in a roll, so it is super easy to get to any tight fitting sport that cannot accomodate a regular mattress. After setting it up, we left it for 48 hours and it raised to the advertised height and really looks and feels great! We ran an ionizer for the smell and now we don't even notice any smell at all. The comfort is MORE than expected! We are both loving the mattress and can highly recommend it to anyone looking for this type of mattress!
My daughter is sleeping much better! Works great for her but she's only 120lbs. so not sure how it would work for someone much heavier.
I was a little worried that this mattress would be too firm for me, but after just a few seconds I was perfectly comfortable on it. As other reviewers have noted, there is a smell, but I don't find it entirely unpleasant. I let it air out and decompress for a couple of days, then sprayed some air freshener around it, and that seemed to help. All in all, I am absolutely thrilled with this bed, and wish I'd bought one years ago! My only concern is that if it gets progressively more comfortable, as other reviewers have said it does, I may never get out of bad again!
I love it when I get what I buy home and it's EXACTLY what I expected...I could be wrong but this mattress seems to be just like my daughter's TempurPedic which cost much, much more. I am going to get the Spa Sensations box springs to go with it. Have it on platform bed and it's a little too low but still very comfortable.
Satisfied in Riverside!
I bought this for a mattress for a bunk bed that my 15 year old grandson sleeps on. The old mattresses were quite worn, but I really didn't have the money to replace 2 mattresses. I was worried it wouldn't provide enough support for him but thought if it didn't, I at least could return it. It was a little comical to see that it had come wrapped up and rolled up in a box, but knew what to expect from previous comments. My grandson removed it from the box an laid it on the top bunk and said Grandma, I don't think this is going to work. He left to spend the weekend with his Mom. I went into his room and removed the plastic a watched it inflate. It had all weekend to do so since my grandson was at his Mom's. When he came home on Sunday he thought I had gone out and purchased a new mattress. Anyway he put it in place and slept on it that night. The next morning when he woke up he said he hadn't slept that good in a long time and that it was very comfortable.
I am totally impressed. I usually toss and turn all night and never feel rested in the morning. Since sleeping on this, I sleep in one spot, and my back doesn't hurt when I get up. One thing, it does hold the body heat, so you might invest in the cool gel topper or something similar.
daughter has confiscated mine after one night of me sleeping on it i finally ordered one for her so i can get mine back very comfortable reduced pain level and we love it
I bought this mattress for my son's bed. He has a spinal problem and this mattress has given him wonderful support. He is under 150 lbs. so I can only speak for someone his size, but I'm very happy with this purchase. It fully expanded within 2-4 hours.
My kids love these mattresses. The best part is they don't bounce either. Great buy for sure.
This bed is comfy! You won't go wrong buying it for a child. And the price was really good.
Great comfort, great value. Very pleased with this purchase.
I read the reviews and all of the product specs and information on this mattress before purchasing one as a gift for someone. It was so nice for them that I decided to buy one for myself. I placed a baffled featherbed on top of it and it enveloped me and put me to sleep very quickly. I love comfort and a good night's sleep and I had both. When this mattress arrives you will be skeptical, but one you pop it out of the box and let it breathe - there are no words to describe it. I would recommend testing it on a Friday or Saturday night first. I tested mine on Thursday and co-workers had to awaken me for work on Friday.
What a comfortable bed! They could sell this bed for twice the cost, easily.
This bed is amazing and I truly cant wit for bedtime. It is like falling into a cloud, but a cloud that supports you perfectly. The mattress supports your pressure points and adjusts to your body, but at the same time, it isn't so soft that I feel my back aching when I wake p in the morning. This was the biggest fear I had, as I have had mattresses that were way too soft before and while they are comfortable to sleep on for a short nap, longer periods of time leave you aching and unrested. Not so with this mattress! This is exactly what I am looking for and I honestly couldn't be happier!

A side note: the price just makes this mattress better. If I had gone to a furniture store to buy this, I would have spent upwards of six times as much as I paid online. And this way, it was delivered right to my door!
I couldn't believe it came in a smaller box than I would have thought. But, whe we opened it up. It was great and very comfortable.
Good mattress, firm and comfortable. Arrived 2 days early! incredibly packaged! Great price.
I have owned this mattress for about a year and love it! No smell issues for me and my back has never felt better. It took about a week to fully expand so it was a little firm for the first week. I have not noticed any sagging or other issues. My wife also loves it even though she was skeptical about purchasing a mattress from Walmart. Great product!!!!
I love this mattress. My youngest daughter has had hers for 3 years and still loves it so she recommended it for me. I bought it and love it. It's so comfortable and I get a great nights sleep. Now my older daughter is going to purchase one .... I was able to sleep on it just hours after opening it. No odors as were mentioned by previous comments.
When we got the mattress the box was really small. The mattress had been folded over and shrink wrapped. We thought we were going to have to return it, but followed the instructions and it is a great product. If I would do it again I would have gotten a deeper mattress like a 12" for the simple fact that my 13 year old boy will be growing quite a lot in the next few years and I would like it to last until he is 18.
I have never owned a memory foam mattress and I was hesitant at first due to negative reviews about the odor. I was so surprised that from the minute I unrolled my mattresses from the boxes I never detected even the slightest odor! I bought two, one for a daybed and the other for a pop up trundle and they work perfectly! I also found the mattress very comfortable and not hot at all! For the price and quality, I'd say it's a great buy. I would definitely recommend.
I needed a mattress for my daughters room after she left for college. I read all the reviews and although I'd never slept on a memory foam mattress I figured I'd give it a try. My 15 year old daughter has been sleeping on it and she LOVES it. Does not want her big sister to come home and use this mattress. Im not sure how long it will last but I figure my kids are growing faster than my need for this mattress. For the price of $218 it seems very reasonable. Im very happy so far.
Awesome. Totally worth the money. I sleep on a Tempurpedic and this is a pretty close second for my kid's room. Really surprised! :o) Almost No VOC Smell!
Well worth the money, it is very comfortable
I ordered this memory foam mattress because I wanted a topper for my current mattress. But this memory foam one is so thick and comfy that I didn't need another mattress. I just use this memory foam mattress now and sleep like a baby each night.
Not as fluffy as I thought, but extremely comfortable!
I got this for my daughter to put in her apartment for college far away. It was perfect to be able to pack it in her small Civic to get it home, plus comfortable and full storage underneath with the Spa Sensations metal bed frame.
It feel way better than I expected. I though it would be way too soft but actually it is pretty hard compare to spring mattresses that I check in local stores.
I was worried about getting a foam mattress, but I did it anyhoo. After I let the matress decompress for about 3 days We finally slept on it. WOW! I woke the next morning feeling super refreshed without any back or neck pain!! It is like sleeping on a little cloud the conforms to your body perfectly. 2 sides look like they only got out to 7 inches, but the other 2 are 8 inches exactly. So glad I bought this bed, it's wonderful!
Bought this mattress and had it shipped to our home. This mattress is amazing!!!! I was a little skeptical when it showed up in a rectangle box lol, but those doubts were quickly put to rest when we got it out. Me and my partner both had back problems on our old bed and now we both wake up back pain free!
My son loves it. He sleeps so much better he tells me.
I am very happy with this mattress. This is my second one, great price, good quality and the same fantastic service from Walmart.
Purchased for guest room bed. Ended up being more comfortable than our original mattress!
This mattress is very comfortable and has great support.
I love it. Im not one for firm mattresses. But I figured I would give it a try. If all else failed. I would just take it back. I must say that I have not slept this good in a long time. It is very firm. But your body sinks into it just right so theres no pressure on your body but yet it still gives you great support.
So happy with this mattress it's insanely comfortable. I bought this for my two year old but I occasionally end up next to him. This mattress is worth every penny.
Followed the directions and waited 48 hour to sleep on it. It got to about 7 to7.5 inches but that was fine with me because compared to what I had, this is like sleeping on a cloud. Was worried because I am a little overweight and have back problems but so far love this mattress, especially for the cost which equates to one night at a nice hotel, has really delivered. Have slept on it for one week, so can't remark to the longevity of the product but then again it's the same cost of spending one night at a nice hotel. Look forward to going to bed!
I always wanted a memory foam mattress and I was a little worried from some of these reviews but I ordered it anyway. It took less than 24 hours to fully inflate and yes there is a very faint odor but it has gone away. This mattress is very comfortable, I haven't woken up with a sore back since I started sleeping on it. It is so hard getting out of bed in the morning and at night as soon as I go to bed I am out cold. It is absolutely wonderful and I think everyone should buy.
This mattress is so soft and comfortable. I covered mines with a mattress protector pad just to keep it like new. I would recommend this to anyone in search of a new mattress. My daughter loves it.
So comfortable ... and it was fun to watch the 'bed in a box' unfold and re-form when it was unpacked.
I was worried about not being able to try this before I bought it but I was very pleased.

I wake up feeling much more rested!
The mattress is just what I want and with a fairly low price.
I bought this mattress for a spare bedroom that has a cal king waterbed.We measured and this fit wonderful.It was great to be able to order and have it delivered to our home and within 48 hrs. of placing it in the frame it was fully expanded. It feels wonderful, no pressure points on the body,as comfortable as my waterbed is.I may replace the waterbed mattress in my bed also.The price was the lowest and I shopped around. The quality is excellent too.
I was really skeptical about buying a cheap mattress online, but my doubts were quickly proven wrong. Right after taking it out of the packaging, it started fluffing. In only 2 hours, it had expanded to the full 8 inches. There was no plastic odor. It's very comfortable, a bit firm but still yielding enough to be soft. I think this foam mattress is far better than a coil one. It does not transfer movement at all! I don't even notice when my cat jumps on the bed now. This has definitely been a great purchase. Much higher quality than I expected with something so cheap.
Very fast shipping! I got the mattress in 2 days! And it's very comfortable! I would definitely recommend this mattress to a friend
We love this mattress!!! After reading mixed reviews, we made the purchase. We are very pleased.
I bought this mattress for top bunk bed. It is perfect. Comfy yet firm. I only noticed a slight smell the first day and then it was completely gone. Would highly recommend.
I slept on this mattress for the first time last night and I love it!!! It's super comfortable. I let it expand overnight the night before and it was fine to use the next day. There was no funny smell. Can't wait to sleep on it again tonight!
This is so comfy! We are getting much better sleep now that we have this!
I bought this mattress because my daughter wanted a new mattress since hers was 6 years old. This was delivered before the due date and she unpacked, set up and was laying on it within minutes. This is a great mattress and would recommend this anyone. Also, there was no smell from the packaging and it did not take long for it to lay out. Thanks!
Great Value,Super Fast Shipping,Very,Very Comfy!
Bought this for a family member and they say it is so comfy to sleep on. Glad I gave this one a try.
Nice mattress, good price. VERY firm, so we had to get a 4 inch topper. With the soft topper, it is quite comfortable. Our daughter got the same one last year, so we knew we would need a topper, but still much less expensive than most similar products.
We bought this for our sons bottom bed of their bunk beds and it is fantastic. We opened it several days before we got the bed because I had read it takes a few days to completely open up, but it was in perfect shape within an hour of taking it out of the box. We then all wanted to sleep on it while it was just on the floor waiting for the bed. I hope to right another review after we have had it for a while and let everyone know how it holds up. But for now it is a must have!
I read the reviews most very good and they were true. Much softer than the reviews mine is not firm at all. No smell what so ever. I got this for my 20 year old son with the queen size steel frame you can't go wrong for 300 bucks total.
Not sure if it's quite 8".
I have a herniated disc in my back and neck. I was looking for a mattress that will relieve the pain I have with normal coil mattresses..I need to look no further this mattress conforms to my body and I have less pain than I had in years!
This is so comfortable for my 2 yrs old, we bought him a full bed and is trying to transition him to his room. In the meantime I also enjoy it too!!
So easy to set up the bed is amazing
This mattress is as good as advertised. We purchased the 8" full size to use in our travel trailer. This mattress is extremely comfortable, not too firm and not too soft. For the price, you will not find another foam mattress of this quality.
I never expected a mattress to be so comfortable for such a cheap price.
This mattress came compacted down in a box which made it easy to fit in our van and easy to carry upstairs to my daughter's apartment. Once opened, it became a comfortable memory foam mattress suitable for a small apartment bedroom!
really pleased with mattress ideal for teenager
This was purchased for my teenage son who has outgrown his twin size bed and bought a full size. So far he likes it a lot and seems to be holding up well despite my son being a bit on the heavy side. Only time will tell how well it will hold up, but as of now it's a good mattress and would recommend it. Also the price is reasonable.
i had my doubts but they've been laid to rest. super comfortable, super resiliant, super cheap. very happy with both of these purchases (mattress & frame). the frame in particular was sooo easy to deal with and as light-weight as it is, it's clearly engineered to do the job.
It is soo comfortable! we love it!! :oD
This mattress has, along with other changes, been a life saver. I no longer wake up with major backaches or shoulder pains like I did with my old bed. I'm a side sleeper, so this mattress was suggested to me for side sleepers. I don't feel the "sleeping on clouds" thing that many people have said about memory foam mattresses, but it is very comfortable never-the-less. I've gotten better, more deep sleep since sleeping on this.

When you first start sleeping on it, it will feel really hard. It did take a few days for the mattress to really get broken in and feel really comfortable. I never encountered any off-gassing type smell like many have stated. Maybe I just got lucky? The only issue I've encountered is the body heat issue. Instead of absorbing the body heat like others have stated, the mattress seems to rob me of mine. So, I had to put a mattress pad between me and the mattress. Perfect opportunity to use a heated mattress pad!

One of the best things about this mattress? The price. It's cheap.
I bought a full and a twin mattress. They came in the same size boxes. I was concerned when I opened the first it was the twin. I thought well they sent me 2 twins by mistake. I opened box #2, it was so amazing, how they got that full size mattress in that box! I had 4 people try the mattresses,
They all felt they had gotten a superior nights sleep compared to what they had slept on before.
A great price for a great mattress. I'm surprised at the quality for the price.
I love this mattress helps my aching back and pain in neck and shoulders. Great nights sleep. Love it. This is the only mattress for me.
I bought this Spa Sensation 8" Memory Foam Mattress for a new DayBed in the Guest Room of our home. They are right! -- NO Box Spring required. It is firm enough to not need a box spring, yet comfortable enough for a good nights sleep. It comes rolled in a box; however, once out of the box, it goes flat and does not curl up on the ends, which is a good thing. It comes with a white cloth zipped cover in case you want to wash it from time to time. This item would work well for either a regular bed or DayBed, and the price is VERY reasonable for Memory Foam. I'm enjoying it!
My daughter loved it so much.
easy to use and the foam Mattress the last system to bedroom
I have several blown disks in my spine and I couldn't get the rest I needed on a traditional mattress. Since I have got this product, I can sleep again. Great Price! Great Mattress!
We weren't sure about going with this vendor to buy a bed, and we had never used a memory foam mattress before. We're VERY pleased with this mattress. Very comfortable, thick, rather firm but still very soft, which I love. The 8 inch was thick enough for us - I am just under 200lbs, my spouse is around 160. Ordered on a Saturday, home delivery; came the next Wednesday. Box was really heavy, took both of us to carry it alone up a flight of stairs. In about 24 hours it had decompressed almost fully. After two nights of sleeping on this mattress my spouse does not have leg or back trouble when getting out of bed in the morning. We did have a weird smell for several days but didn't notice it after about a week. Bought with a steel frame and happy with the height. A fraction of the price from other places and the quality is wonderful. Definitely recommend - not going back to springs ever again. :)
Nice and soft, didn't have the "odor" some were referring to and the hardest part was taking it upstairs:)
I don't have much to say that hasn't already been said, but wanted to add my voice to the approbation this mattress has received. It is not easy to get a new king mattress for this kind of money and I did not expect it to be as nice as it is. We really have no complaints about it at all. Generally, my husband prefers a firmer mattress while I prefer a softer one, but we are both quite comfortable in this. I would strongly recommend it to anyone on a budget and even folks who are not.
I am sleeping better and I am in less pain when I wake up in the morning. I would absolutely recommend this mattress to anyone I know.
I can't say enough about this mattress. I have a hard time of sleeping or even falling asleep.
I purchased this mattress as a replacement for our childs room. Of course, I had to try it out.
After 2 days, my aching back and neck corrected itself. I sleep a solid 6 to 9 hours without waking.
This mattress is like having a temper pedic without the cost. Im extremely happy with this purchase.
Before I received my Spa Sensation 8" Memory Foam Mattress I had so much trouble trying to get comfortable to the point I could actually fall asleep. I also always woke up aching all over. Now I have no problems with either. I fall asleep almost as soon as I lay down. I can sit up in the morning and get right out of bed without having to wait to stop hurting enough to move. This mattress is well worth the money. Great value!
I ordered this 8" memory foam mattress for my daughter. She is going to Nursing school of JHU. She and two other girls rented a "row house" in Baltimore. It is a struggle to haul a regular balky spring mattress upstairs, if possible. This memory foam mattress is compressed so it was very easy for us to put it in the car and carry it through a very skinny staircase to go upstairs. We ordered days ahead before we flew out from California. The mattress was shipped to the store and ready for pick-up the day before we left for Baltimore from California. It has been a wonderful experience with this purchase from Walmart. The memory foam mattress works very well. We did not notice any strong new foam smell after it was unpacked at all. We put the foam mattress to good use the night we picked up and unpacked the mattress. My daughter was very happy about the mattress.
This product is totally worth buying. I did not see much difference from the Tempur-Pedic that my friend purchased, except, of course, for the huge difference in price. The matress is firm enough to keep you from drowning in it(might be a bit too firm for the soft-matress lovers), but soft enough to enjoy your night sleep. It's vacuum packed for convenient delivery. It does have a chemical smell when you open it up, but it goes away in a few days.
Overall, I am happy with the purchase and even happier with the price.
We love our memory foam mattress. Great price/Great Quality. I can tell you that there is a smell associated with this mattress, but was gone in about 3-4 days. Sleepless in Denver, Colorado.
BOUGHT FOR OUR CAMPER
Its a very firm mattress other than that a good product!
Bought this for a daybed for my college-aged daughter. Easy to unroll and grew to full size in an evening. She absolutely LOVES it--which means she is even LESS likely to get out of bed at a reasonable hour than before!!! I didn't expect it to be nearly as nice as it is, and hope it will hold up over time. As for the chemical smells mentioned by others...there was a "fishy" smell, but it dissipated within 24 hours, so no big deal at all. Not only is the bed more comfortable than expected, it arrived 3 days before the estimated delivery date! For the price, this is absolutely perfect!
Wonderful for our sons twin bed! We lay in there and read him to bed and have often fallen asleep - it's great!
Great foam mattress for the price.
It didn't quit expand to the full eight inches
but still a good buy.
This mattress is very good however if I had it to do over I think I would have gone with a thicker one.
Well worth the money,cant beleive how cheap it was and such good quality,
We bought this twin mattress for our 16 year old son. His comment after the first night was that he had a "glorious" sleep! I was concerned when it arrived in a small box-I thought I perhaps had bought a "topper" by mistake but the mattress expands to regular size and has to be allowed to acclimate for 48 hours before use. That was the only major negative -that is wasn't supposed to be used for 48 hours but that was just a minor inconvenience. We would definitely purchase this again.
It looked very good. Just what I expected. Fast delivery service. Thank you.
The thing that will make or break this mattress is how long it lasts. Based on what I read before I purchased this is should last 5 years. If it does that then it can't be beat. It is very comfortable. I bought it for my son who's mattress was so bad I couldn't stand to lay on his bed. He has been sleeping so much better since getting this. I have laid on it and it is wonderful. I have tested several brands of this type of mattress and to me they all have the same feel. They are all comfortable. The only difference is the price. At $200.00, if you replace it every 5 years in 20 years you've spent $800.00. If you go by any name brand, and assuming it lasts for 20 years, (that's their selling point although they also tell you to replace your mattress every 8 years) your going to spend $2,200.00. You figure it out. I have one of those $2,000.00 mattress's on my bed and trust me, it's not as comfortable as this is. If you like the way a foam mattress feels, and not everyone does, then you'll be happy with this one. Mine took it's shape within hours and the smell wasn't bad at all. I know one reviewer said theirs didn't and noticed that it was manufactured a year previous. I believe that. I didn't worry about that because mine came to shape quickly. But they also said the company took care of it right away. And Wal-Mart would have too. That's why I bought it here instead of down the street. I believe it's a great deal, love it.
Purchased this mattress for my 4 yr old daughter and shes been sleeping better than ever before.
Really good product and very good price
I bought this mattress to replace the pathetic mattress that came with our new travel trailer. It seemed to be a good value for the money and we felt it had to be better than the thin, uncomfortable mattress that came with our trailer. We were pleasantly surprised at how comfortable it was, and as a special bonus, my husband noticed his lower back wasn't sore in the morning. So now, we're buying a king-size mattress to replace the $1, 500 mattress we have at home and have only used about 18 months.
This mattress is probably the most comfortable I've owned. I wake up feeling refreshed and great.
Very comfortable mattress for our living quarter horse trailer.
Comes neatly packed in a box. Expands in about 5 mins worth of work taking it out of the box. Smells for a few days, but other than that, exactly what you conceive it to be from the website.

Definitely a good buy.
I love this bed! I've been in search of the perfect bed for years and I've finally found it. My shoulders, hips, knees are really happy now! I used to wake up in the morning feeling achy on all the other beds i tried, but since the very first night on this bed, that has gone away. I've tried lots of different types of beds and the only thing that came close to this experience was an air mattress, but it kept springing a leak. I love how soft it is, yet very firm and supportive. And what a great price! I love it! the set up was easy and fast. Others have commented about a smell, but I didn't experience any unpleasant smell at all and I have a sensitive "sniffer." Only about 4 or 5 hours after I took it out of the box I slept on it and had the most delicious night's sleep I've had in years. Sooooo glad I followed my intuition and bought this bed!
We have a 12" one for our bed. We loved it so much, we bought our kids single beds. We bought the 8". The 10" may have been a better choice for thicknrss but kids love them.
this met our expectations & great value. Having paid for an expensive memory foam mattress years ago for $1500, this 1 is a steal.
Purchased a twin. A true bargain. We let it expand for 24 hours before use. Looks great. Couldn't believe how comfortable it is. Would definitely buy again
I love this product! I had one already so this is my second. Still have the first just use it for another bed. Its so soft and it moves with your body. Your not gonna want to get out of bed. But if you don't have a good base, you will be dipping and your back will hurt.
A little funky "new mattress" smell for a week, but overall awesome. Comfy, easy delivery, great buy.
Don't be fooled with the affordable price off this mattress. I only read two reviews and still didn't reassure me, but I will tell you that we bought the cal-king, king is bigger and the 8" is just right with a platform bed. Even for a motor home or just extra mattress this is an amazing deal and we are very satisfied. My husband was very reluctant to believe that something that comfortable could come in a box but he was amazed. If you have any second thoughts I hope this will help make your mind up. I recommend this product 100%.
I am just loving it !
This is a great mattress at a wonderful price I use it in a guest room and have had 2 guest over they both said they had the best night sleep on my new mattress
can't believe such a cheap product would be so good for my back. Came in a roll, so I was skeptical when I saw it, but after a couple of weeks my lower back feels much better.

Old mattress is on the guest room.
great night sleep
This is my second purchase of this item. The mattress is wonderful. Cannot beat the price & very, very comfortable. Rec'd item quickly. Very little of the "off-gassing" or chemical smell. Gave it 24 hrs to reach complete fullness. Love this product. Can't see paying the price of some other well known memory foam manufactuers - this is just as good.
We have used this product for 3 months. I am satisfied with its quality and firmness. It it comfortably soft and gives a good night sleep. I prefer it to a regular spring mattress any day.
I purchased this mattress about four months ago when I moved to a new apartment and am extremely satisfied with it! The shipping was prompt and the mattress arrived in a box which easily fit in the trunk of my sedan, athough it was a bit heavy for one person to carry up a flight of stairs. It made moving so much easier than a traditional mattress would have been because of the small size and sturdy packaging. Some reviewers mentioned a smell the mattress has when you first open it, but it was faint and I was not bothered by it (and I have chemical and fragrance allergies). In terms of comfort, the mattress took a few days to get used to, having switched from an innerspring mattress. I found it to be a bit firm, so I purchased an inexpensive "egg crate" foam topper which added just enough softness. That being said, it is like SLEEPING ON A CLOUD! Perfect, no aches or stiff neck in the morning! I will be keeping this bed for a long time!
Another GREAT/AFFORDABLE deal!!!!!! Bought the Twin size for my daughter's room makeover. We received the "small" box on my front step and thought I ordered a mattress pad instead of the mattress. I proceeded to pull the rolled, vacuumed sealed mattress out of the box with my husbands help we pulled the bag off and the mattress slowly started inflating. The mattress was fully inflated within 48 hours. We are completely satisfied with this mattress however I must warn memory foam does have a mildew-ish odor. To combat the odor I put arm & hammer dryer sheets throughout the zippered bag and will redo as needed. All-in-all my daughter is very happy with her dream mattress.
Great bed for college age or small areas! And so soft! No aches or pains anymore! Love it.
Purchased this online in the afternoon and it came the next day by lunchtime. Fastest shipping I've ever seen. Bought for a 16 year old who maybe runs a buck and a quarter soaking wet. She seems to like it fairly well but its only been a couple weeks. I've tried the expensive name brand memory foam mattresses and didn't care for them but then again I'm twice her size.
Must buy. Best sleep ever. Couldn't ask for a better mattress
I suffer from chronic back pain and thought a foam mattress would help- AND YES it DID! What a difference, without the outrageous price! Awesome bed, looks nice, feels great and great price for a queen!! Open it and let it breath for a few days BEFORE sleeping on it (probably safer) I would highly recommend this bed!

Satisfied!
Exactly as expected. Got to size in about 3 hours and very minimal smell was gone in the same time.
I bought a twin size to move my son from his crib to a twin size bed. If you like a cool bed, soft but not too much, then this 8'' is for you. I slept in his bed several times to test and love it. Light weight and no smell when unpacked.
The matress arrived very quickly and went to full thickness in less than 48 hours! It is for our 2 1/2 year old's 'big boy bed' and is very comfortable for us to lay in with him when he needs reassurance in the night...
I went from an old spring style twin mattress to this queen sized memory foam mattress and it is so comfortable. I am sleeping much better too.
Im very short and i had to carry this all the way upstairs to my apt and it was not so bad cause it came in a real good packaging, plus its soo soft, i love it! -no back pain at all :-)
This bed is perfection . I bought this for my younger sister for xmas. And had to buy one for myself , I'm really physically active and this mattress worked perfect for me.I bought and ikea bed , it came with wooden panel bought this mattress and itit's the perfect combo , eliminates box spring. I was wprried it wouldn't be thick enough at 8". But its more than adequate . If I had more money I would upgrade just to be picky . But 8" does not look or feel too thin. Great bed anyone would love it . And the price ^_^
There are many positive reviews on this item, so all I want to do here is say that I totally agree at how great it is as well. I received this mattress about a week ago, I wasn't bothered by any smells, and it filled to it's full potential in less that the stated 48 hours. Great nights sleep.
I had a similar, but thinner foam mattress from IKEA with a heavier canvas cover, so this is what I'm comparing it to. The Ikea cover was horrid to put back on the raw foam because it only had a zipper on one of the small ends of the mattress. I finally gave up on it.

This mattress is much better for a better price. It has a lightweight breathable, stretchy mattress cover that has a zipper that goes around 3 sides:-) Underneath that instead of just the raw foam there is another layer of fabric that is also breathable. (Makes mildew less likely if you spill something, etc?). It reminds me of cheesecloth although it's thicker and probably synthetic?

I had no problems with the mattress regaining it's shape after laying flat for 48 hours. (It mostly regained shape in less than that except one corner that is now fine).

This mattress is good for the single gal who can't afford a high end mattress and who doesn't have access to a truck. I love it so far!
Extremely comfortable!
Besides my portable truck battery charger which was purchased from Walmart this would definitely be the second greatest purchase I have ever made from here!!
Excellent buy, super comfortable. In my opinion I would have to say more comfortable than the waterbed it replaced.
This one was bought for my son. I will by ordering one for me next.
We needed a new mattress. We didn't know where to begin looking. I had seen this mattress on a Walmart email. When I saw the reviews and the price, I decided to try it. My hips no longer ache in the morning and my husband does not want to get out of bed.
Came in a good sized box, and easy to unpack. We waited the 48 hours for it to finish expanding the foam, and my adult daughter loves it.
We have had this bed for 1 week now and we love it. It was fun to unpack the bed and watch it expand.
Brought this mattress for my 4 year old son when I upgraded him to a new twin bed frame. My son had been sleeping in an old futon since outgrowing his toddler bed.
I wanted a nice memory foam mattress for him as my wife and I sleep on one and strongly believe there is nothing better to sleep on. For the money this is perhaps the best memory foam mattress you can find. We think the 8" thickness will be fine till he's at least 10 or 12. Adults may want to consider the 10" or 12" but kids will be fine on an 8". My son loves it and sleeps better than he ever has before. Highly recommend it.
This was a great choice in mattress for our 11 year old. She sleeps so good on the this memory foam. It is just the right height and size for her. If you are looking to move your youth from a little girls room set up to a tween/teen set up this is the perfect mattress for him/her.

Great for price too.
very confortable matress. at first i thought it was too soft but then it seemed to harden up. make sure you give it the two days to expand. other than that, i love it.
I bought this mattress for my son who loves it!! I loved the price!!
Great bed very comfortable like my last one when it was new. Great product. Will probably buy this same one in 3 or 4 years when I need another.
Its very comfortable and affordable
Delivery - Faster than expected
Mattress is very comfortable and can be used without box springs, am planning to directly put it on top of my bed.
We decided on the 8" and it seems about right for the two of us with a combined weight of 400 lb's. My wife and I are 74 with some back problems were able to get the king size unpacked and on the base without a problem. We both are sleeping much better and our backs hurt less.
Bought for daughter and she loves it. We bought one for ourselves a few years back and like it way better than a regular mattress or pillow top! we had tried both, and it is firm , yet soft. Would never go back to a regular bed.
My daughter is very happy with her new mattress.
I bought this King sized mattress because of the excellent reviews it received and the wonderful price. So far I am very pleased. It is very comfortable. Good purchase.
Great purchase for areasonable price.
I have no complaints about this mattress, heavenly. It doesn't smell, inflated evenly, not too firm or soft. Delivery was fast. One thing we did not see until later was it should be set up within 72 hours of receipt. We have been remodeling and put the box in a spare room for about a week, the 72 hour thing was printed on the end flaps. It didn't seem to make any difference. Highly recommend!
My kids are happy with these soft and cuddly mattresses
Perfect for our Daughter, she has been on a spring serta mattress since she was 2 now that she is 11 she says she sleeps much better on the foam bed. Great value for the cost.
Well worth the price and very comfortable.
I bought this matress for my daughter, we got it mid morning and when unpacked was very thin. We bought the frame to match and set everything up. We let the bed breath and expand for 13 hours before sleeping on it and it is the best matress ever. My daughter loves it, it has relieved her back pain. It's not to low to the ground, and the frame is sturdy.
We've used this for just over a week and really like it. We got the Steel Frame and it all works fine together!
.ships small. this is a very comfy mattress!
The product arrived early and was exactly as described. The mattress had a smell about it, but went away after a couple of days. Not an issue. The mattress is very comfortable and was a great deal at the price. I would highly recommend this product.
I got it to put over my hard futon. Works great! I finally wake up rested and I'm not in pain anymore.
Highly recommended.
Mattress shipped with air removed from foam to make it manageable for shipping. We followed instructions exactly and allowed the mattress to expand over several days to fully assume its final shape. Since we allowed it to air out a few days we had NO odor problem. Our first user is a very fussy guy and he loved the mattress in every way. Very comfortable to sleep or sit on. Seems like it will be with us for many years to come.
I had a queen size before and wanted a California King and I love it!
I would recommend this Prodict
Love this mattress! No smell...Very firm but really am having the best night sleeps and nice one to walmart for the quick delivery
The price was perfect! Bought for my growing 8 year old son. He absolutely loves it and I am a little jealous of it!
I recommend this mattress to anyone that has fibromyalgia. I have not slept in bed for 3 years and bought this and now I'm sleeping in bed again, it's a miracle.
After sleeping on a couch for almost 5 years, this mattress sleeps amazingly!! It does seem to be warmer than I like, but the foam may hold the body heat more; I don't know. Other than that - I LOVE IT!!!
No more snoring or back pain
We purchased a full size mattress for my 17 year old son, who absolutely loves it. We could not believe his reviews especially since he is "hard to please". I'm so glad I did my homework to surf the web before paying way over the price. Look no further people, the price is much better here. Oh yeah..... The mattress did not smell as bad as some said it would, the scent radar was very low..... LOL
Bought this for my son who was in desperate need of a new mattress. He loves it. He used to complain about aches and pains (he's only a teenager) but now has had hardly any complaints. It did take a bit for him to get used to sinking into the bed, but he has had much better sleep than he had previously.
Highly recommended can use as your main mattress or over your current reg mattress so comfy totally great value just as good as the other over priced memory foam mattress!!
So far I'm enjoying the mattress. It's a little firmer than expected, but quite comfortable.
The mattress is easy to unpack and set up. It's best used on a platform surface. I paired this mattress with the Premier Platform Bed Frame, which was also easy to set up and seems to work fine. Very comfortable mattress, I sleep so much better now.
Arrived in a timely manner. Is very comfortable. We have two. Everyone whom has slept in our camper loves it. The other is in our house and used everyday.
Very comfy and great for bed sharing with our child. Tons of room!
This mattress is very, very, comfortable ! It is a great value. And what an easy way to buy and get a mattress, it just unfolds all by itself. This is a great product !
Bought it for my 14 years old daughter and we already love it!
It doesn't have bad smell (as some people said) and it took its complete hight in less than 24 hours.
Very comfortable, specially for the price.
Purchased this for our daughter's new captain bed. There have been no complaints from her. In fact if I can't find my husband at our 2 year old's nap time, he will be sleeping on our daughter's bed. We have a 12 inch foam with 2 inch pillow top mattress and he is enjoying this mattress just as much.
I opted for free shipping. Arrived quickly, very comfortable, great price.
Make sure that you either read the directions or watch the video so that you unwrap this with ease. The mattress is super comfortable....not too soft and not firm. I opened it and let it air out over night but did not notice any odor or chemical order of any kind. I am so happy with this purchase. I have put it on a portable platform frame.
I bought three if these mattresses. Two for the kids room and one for the guest bedroom. I love them, the quality is very good. The only thing is that they smelled awful when u first open them.
my son loves this mattress. there was no chemical smell and it inflated to its full size. I used the metal frame and its just as good as a box spring.
Haven't slept this good in years
I move a lot because of my consulting career and have purchased at least 2 dozen new bed arrangements, mattresses, toppers, etc. I found this Spa Sensations brand reviewed on consumer reports and bought one about 12 years ago and was so amazed. It's the best one out there. It lasts forever and has the best density and comfort. I can 100% say it's the single best memory foam type product out there by far.. light years beyond any other option... even if you just need the 2 inch. I literally was able to sleep on the floor for almost a year with the 4 inch and that was adequate. Imagine how it feels on top of another mattress or box spring or futon. I currently use the 4 inch added to my futon and it feels better than any bed I've ever owned. Seriously, I don't normally rave on and on about a product, but for the money, I want everyone to know, this is one of those rare products that goes beyond expectations. It's the only one I will ever buy. About to order another for my new guesthouse in Phoenix, AZ! Remember the brand is Spa Sensations, not just memory foam no-name.
I am very pleased with this and my 18 year old can't wait till hers is delivered. Then maybe she will go in her own room.
This is a great product if you like firm memory foam matresses.
It is very good for the price.
It's been great for my bad back.
this mattress sure makes my back feel better.. It is very comfy
It's a good mattress but a great Customer Services is from when you start the purchase until it's delivered and that was the ugly part, the FEDEX person left it outside the house and didn't even ring the doorbell. My wife, who is 4 months pregneant, had to drag it inside the house.
Very comfortable!
I ordered this particular mattress for a friend that doesn't have access to ordering online. He had heard us brag about our mattress and wanted to give it a try. Well, after using it for for two months, he is COMPLETELY satisfied. He and his wife (elderly folks) had been using a $3K mattress and he says this Spa Sensation has it beat! My husband and I have had ours for 3 years, my brother-in-law bought one and and we bought my mother-in-law one. They have gone on and told their friends how wonderful the mattress is! I'm telling you...this is a great mattress...and the price makes it a phenomenal deal!
Great mattress, didnt expect such a good quality for the price. But I recommend it to everyone.
I am ignoring the price factor over here as I don't know much about mattress pricing. It comes in a compressed form and bulges out as you open it. Really comfortable to sleep on as it adjusts according to your body.
Purchased this mattress for our daughter. We are very happy with the great price and how comfortable this bed is. She loves it!
I purchased this as my primary mattress and am extremely satisfied with the value I received. It's very comfortable and love the fact it was delivered to my doorstep, which was very convenient!
I was in the market for a new mattress for my tween's loft bed. I read the reviews here and thought I'd give this one a try. The box arrived and as I'd read in the reviews the mattress was rolled up tightly inside. My son and I removed the mattress from the box and it fluffed right up as it unrolled. As instructed we let it sit for 48 hours. I have to say that it is an extremely comfortable mattress. I am seriously thinking of purchasing a 12" in king size to replace my own mattress in the near future that is how comfortable it is.
Purchased this mattress for my daughter since she was having back troubles.......with her new mattress her back pains are gone.
WOW this is my first memory foam mattress so I love it its not to firm not to soft its just right the 8" spa sensations mattress is great.
Great mattress. Comes in box that fits in car, is affordable, and best sleep my husband and I havs got in a year or so.
Works great ..daughter loves it .. A lot thicker than expected but so far great bed at a great price
I have been looking and researching online for a quality memory foam mattress. It was delivered in 2 days. Easy to open and get out of the wrappings. Inflated to 8 inches in a couple of hours (I measured all sides). Firm but still soft. Slept great in it. Very VERY satisfied with my purchase!!
I read a few reviews that said that the mattress never puffed out after being folded up during delivery, but that was not our experience at all. Ours filled out very quickly, although we did wait over 24 hours before sleeping on it. It is extremely comfortable and a great price!
Very fast shipment, super comfy and great value for the money.
Very comfortable
Great mattress with low price tag, love it
Amazing soft comfortable and less than half the price of any other mattress I looked at . I was totally shocked It was all I asked for and more I would recommend to anyone.
Love the mattress
IN LOVE WITH THIS MATTRESS.... SUPER COMFORTABLE. I HAVE A BROKEN T4 AND T5 AND A SUPER BAD BACK DUE TO A CAR ACCIDENT. I SLEEP HORRIBLE ON MOST EVERYTHING... BUT THIS. THIS IS AMAZING. I'M GOING TO BUY TWO MORE.
We really love our new mattress, it is very comfortable.
We bought this mattress for our spare bedroom. It never fully expanded to 8 inches, but we did leave it in the box longer than recommended. I've actually spent a few nights on it when the hubby snored, and it's quite comfy!
We were skeptical about this mattress but so far so good. My son sleeps well and even comments on "how comfy" he sleeps at night. We are very pleased and there is no smell and it was indeed 8". Perfect price and perfect fit!
I love it. I am not millionaire. I am a middle-class working American with a family. I cannot afford a over-the-top mattress but this mattress is great and fits right in with my budget. It blew my expectations out of the water. It is more that I expected. I am loving it!!!!!!!
Really great bed for the price, it is very comfortable.
I purchased this for my son who is picky. I likes it so much better than his old mattress. The price, quality, and comfort are absolutely worth it. It comes compressed in a nice compact box. It's quick and easy to decompress on the bed.
Bought the mattress in a twin size. It came nicely packaged and easy to handle. I have physical difficulties but I was able to unpack the mattress and get it on the bed myself. The package advised there may be an odor from the foam but I did not have this problem. UPS delivered late in the day but by bedtime the mattress was ready to sleep on. This mattress is so comfortable. My back has stopped hurting and I don't wake up stiff and sore any more. I like this a lot better than my queen size Beauty Rest mattress.
I bought two of these for my twin sons. They can be quite picky. They love these mattresses.
We have had this bed now for a week. We are very pleased with our purchase. The bed measured the 8". Very easy to set up. We slept on it 24 hours after opening & setting it up. I can't tell when my husband gets into bed, or gets up, there is no bouncing or wiggling. A nice quiet comfortable sleep for us both. We definitely recommend this bed, for the value, the comfort and it's so easy set up and move around. Ordered on a Wednesday got it on Friday, we paid the $4.95 for the quicker delivery to our home.
if you like a firm mattress then this is for you
I am a 280 lb man. I was skeptical of how this mattress would work for me. Almost went with a thickerl mattress but didn't want to spend any more money. I sleep comfortable with no more back pain.

Shipping was fast. Packaging was great.

Only negative is the mattress did have a smell to it for the first week or so.

Overall I am very happy with this purchase.
This bed is so comfortable. I hit the pillow and I'm sound asleep and don't want to leave it. It is well constructed too. My dogs seem to love it too.
My brother ordered this mattress and is very pleased with it. He found it to be very comfortable. I plan to order one myself.
used to make a bed in the back of my crew cab truck for the road but feels better then my bed at home might just move in
We got this mattress to go in our motorhome and we love it it was the right price and it's comfortable
Great product
I wasn't sure how this could be priced so good and be comfy. My grand daughter loves it and mom wants to get another. They have nothing good things to say about it so I would say its a winner
Firm and effective. Liked it very much
very good mattress
By far this is an excellent matress. you dont need to spend hundreds of dollars to get a good night sleep. Is worth every penny.
best product for its price
I purchased this for my sons college room. It is an inexpensive replacement to a worn out college room mattress. He says it is amazing!!! Best nights sleep he has had since he got there! I decided to purchase the full for my guest room.
I ordered the twin size for my three year-old sonHe absolutely loves it and it did seem comfortable to me when I tried it out. He usually tosses and turns in his sleep and has been napping on it this afternoon in exactly the same position for about half an hour so that's a pretty good sign. It may not be firm enough for someone who needs a great deal of support but is perfect for a kid's bed.

Luckily, I had an empty room to throw the mattress into a for a week to let it recover from shipping. It did take that much time for it to regain its original size and shape. I can't testify as to the smell because the room was freshly painted and being continuously ventilated. Without that space and time available though, it might have been pretty inconvenient to deal with.

When I need to order another mattress in a couple of years I plan to see if this one is still available. It seems to be great value and my son is quite happy with his new bed. He has slept well and insists on sitting on when I read to him as well. I would definitely buy one for myself if I needed a new mattress.
I was kind of skeptical before buying the mattress because there were bad reviews but I was really on a small budget and have been sleeping on my apartment floor for 2 months already. My back was already complaining so I took a chance and bought it on line. I was really surprised how fast the delivery was, I just had a bit of problem taking it out from its bag because somehow when I ripped off the warranty envelope I may have punctured a hole and the whole mattress started expanding (my bad!). I was finally able to place it on the metal base and the bed expanded to its full 8 inches, there was a bit of odor but went away after a few minutes. It was so soft yet supportive and I had the best sleep I've ever had in years. The quality is really high at such a great price.
Bought this for a guest room. It's firm enough for occasional use, yet very comfortable, and can be stored in a smaller space than the thicker mattresses. Our guest loved it, and is now thinking of buying one for himself. Our son has had the 12'' thick mattress for 1- 1/2 yrs and recommends it to anyone considering a new mattress.
Super
I had a blow up Beauty rest double queen mattress for my grandkids when they came to visit. This was a good product, did not have a problem as it would stay firm for days. Would have lasted longer than a year until a puncture. So I purchased the 8" Spa Sensation mattress. Comfortable, I only wish I had gotten the 10" . Take out of the box, roll out and place on the frame. voila, instant bed. No more possible punctures.
I really like this mattress. It's firm and warm.
Well worth the price, we use it in our guest room and got rave reviews on its comfort.
Makes you feel great
Those were her first words as she laid on the mattress for the first time! We couldn't be more happy with this purchase. 2 weeks in and my kiddos sleep so well! I didn't measure to see how much the mattresses filled out but they fit perfectly into the bunk beds and my kids sleep like logs!
Shipping was fast and bed is as advertised!!
Very good and cheep
After seeing how it was shipped,(compressed into a smaller box) we were skeptical. It's
amazing what they can do these days. The mattress unraveled, straightened out and couldn't
be more comfortable. Would buy another in a minute!
I don't usually buy mattresses online without trying them but when I was looking these were on sale with free shipping. After looking at the reviews I thought what the heck they can't be that bad compared to my daughters old inner spring mattresses.

They arrived about 2 days later which was pretty quick since I wasn't expecting them for about a week. They came vacuum sealed and rolled up so getting them upstairs was a lot easier. The boxes they came in were the right size my 11yo daughter could fit in it so my kids had fun playing with the boxes for the next 2 weeks.

After the mattresses were unpackaged and given time to "fill up" with air and go back to their normal state they were big and pretty comfortable. My daughters eagerly dragged off their old mattresses and put these in place and collapsed on them straight away. They marveled at their comfort and were exceedingly happy with how soft and conforming they were. I am a grown adult (hence I weigh twice as much as they do) and have to admit they aren't too bad. I can lay on their bed and not feel the metal slats of their bunk beds so I was also suprisingly impressed with them as well.

In the nights since I bought 2 of these to replace 2 8 year old inner spring mattresses my daughters have both said they fall asleep faster, sleep better, and wake up more rested. They both love their new mattresses and are so glad I got them. I would have to say that was the best $270 I have ever spent on my girls to see them so happy and rested. Now the problem is getting them out of bed on the weekends and holidays!
I am very impressed with the value/quality of this product. Comfortable yet firm. I would recommend this mattress to anyone looking for memory foam comfort/
The spa sensation memory foam matress is great. Really great price and shipping time was 24 hours. This is the best deal I have gotten in a long time.
Very good value for the money, firm , easy to handle
My husband and I both have these now, we really like them, very comfy.
I bought this mattress to use on the pull out trundle under my Day bed....Love it! it fit perfectly and everyone who has used it say it is very comfortable....mine expanded as it was supposed to do and I have no complaints...from ordering to delivery was super fast like 3 days...well worth the cost and I will be ordering another one for everyday use for my son. would recommend this matress
Exceeded my expectations....very pleased.
The only difficult thing about this was getting it out of the packaging. Once we had it out, it expanded rapidly and we were able to make it up and sleep on it that night. Great value...especially for folks on limited income!
I have had my King Size Memory Foam mattress for about 2 weeks now & I am very pleased with it's comfort, price & overall value!! I look forward to naps & sleeping in complete comfort!! :-)
Very comfy
Bought this bed for our guest room and my husband now takes naps on it.
I bought this for my teen daughter a year ago. She has loved it and it's held up very well. My husband and I have spent a few nights on this bed when we've had company. I found it surprisingly comfortable and supportive. My 350 lb husband did not find it quite as comfortable, but then he is quite spoiled by his $1000 Sleep Number bed. I'm ordering another bed today for my other teen daughter. I don't expect they will get 10 years out of these beds, but certainly long enough to justify the low price tag.
Overall very good mattress.. The only thing I didn't liked.. It was delivered open.. Outer box...still don't understand why it was so..:-)
We purchased 2 mattresses for our kids. They love them!!!
I am finally pain free in my back and shoulders for the first time in years.
Great value for the money. Came quickly. Not a bad smell at all compared to my Tempurpedic that stunk for months. Just aired it out for one day, popped it on a platform and my son was very happy and comfortable.
good deal !!!!!
This mattress is so comfy- it's like being on a cloud. : )
Easy replacement for an old mattress and box springs. Great comfort at a great price. This is the third one we have purchased and the othes or still as comfortable as the day we made the upgrade. That has been over a year.
We were looking for a mttress for our daughter and had planned to drive to a mattress store. Then we looked online and found this one. Delivered to our door for about $20 less than if we went to a store and purchased it and then we would have had to haul it home. The mattress is very comfortable. It does take a full 48 hours for it to expand to it's full size, but after that ... it's great! I would highly recomend this mattress to anyone.
Don't be mislead by the slim packaging of this mattress. Once you unwrap and it opens up totally it is a very comfortable mattress.
Very comfy, great value, would buy again.
When the mattress arrived I unrolled it. It only took 2 days for it to fill all the way out but we did wait 3 days before using. unlike some of the other reviews we did not notice any smell at all.

I purchased this for my autistic son. With his old mattress I could barely get him to sleep in his own bed. Now that he has the new memory foam I can barely keep him out of his bed. He's always wanting to lay on his bed. this is a great product and an awesome price for the product! Oh yes and the delivery was very quick. I'm going to order a queen size for my wife and I. I have nothing bad to say about this product or the deliver or the way it was packaged. I just wished everyone could have the same experience.
I am so happy. This mattress is worth every penny competing with my 900 pillow top mattress. Don't think I will ever buy another brand. It expanded within minutes to its full size. I am 5'2 120 pounds and was able to get this on top of my old mattress with no problems. I love that its soft but supportive. I am so happy. Shopping was super fast. I ordered this Tuesday and got it Friday. :)
This mattress is perfect.. Conforms to you and pressure points are gone... Waking up with no pain is wonderful... A perfect value!
I bought this for my daughter's loft bed. It's surprisingly very comfortable. It expanded quickly with no smell. It fits her twin bed perfectly. She loves it and sleeps much better.
Very happy with my recent purchase.... However , my hubby had to build up our box spring (add plywood) since our box spring apparently did not give enough support. First night we slept on it if was sort of sinking in the center.I was bummed BUT did my research and you need a solid wood foundation OR very good, sturdy box springs in order to get the correct feel for this mattress. Well, my hubby bought some plywood and cut to fit over box springs and OH My , the difference that was made. We now love our mattress !! Great price too.
I bought a bunk bed from IKEA and used this as a top mattress and it worked as I expected, very good, comfortable and reliable product
I was a bit skeptical buying a mattress online that I wasn't able to 'test out' first. But my brother bought the 6" foam mattress and raved about it so I decided to go for it! I could not be happier with this mattress! I bought two for both my boys and they say its the most comfortable mattress they've ever slept on!! They did have a faint smell for a few days but that's to be expected when something is packaged in a box! The smell is completely gone now, a week later and never bothered my boys.
Absolutely buy this!! You won't regret it!
I was a little hesitant at first but this bed is absolutely amazing and I will definitely be buying again. It helps with my fibro and I wake up feeling rested and pain free.
For years I've had trouble sleeping more than two hours at a time. I never felt fully rested or fully awake; always tired and irritable.
Within a week after changing to this mattress I was able to sleep four to five hours at a time, and eight to nine hours of sleep through the night, followed by ten hours of alert, beneficial activity.
I wish it was a little more firm but I really like the bed and a great price too!
Arrived compacted opened up well and very comfortable
This mattress is wonderful, its very comfortable to sleep on. I've had it for a couple of weeks and sleep like a baby. I love it and I'm going to buy two more for my kids. Best price also, won't break the bank with this mattress. Was easy to transport and setup. Fit perfect on my platform bed. Very firm for me @ 220 lbs, great on the back. First time ever on a memory foam and this is the best mattress ever bought.
This is a good mattress for its price.
Love this bed and mattress from Spa Sensations!!! So comfortable!!
for the price... wow!
Best sleep we've ever had!
This mattress is extremely comfortable at an awesome price. I am very pleased with my purchase.
I love this mattress memory foam mattress.every since I got this I have been sleeping very well I am so proud that I purchased this item
This came recommended to me by my daughter.......EXCELLENT! Price, Comfort, Delivery as Stated everything as promised!
Unlike other reviews I've read, my mattress had zero smell. I'm single so moving it isn't too easy as it's pretty heavy. I got it moved but another set of hands would've helped. This was my first experience with sleeping on memory foam so it does take a little getting use to. Rolling over on this mattress is different than rolling over on a regular mattress. Not hard to do, just different. After my second night on the mattress I know I'll never go back to a regular mattress. I thought it would be too soft but it's not. It gives just the right amount of support. You sink into it where it almost feels like it envelopes you. It's a very comforting feeling. I had a sore hip and after sleeping on this mattress the soreness went away. Now, if it was the mattress that helped or the soreness went away on it's own I don't know. I attribute it to the mattress.
As with the other reviews, it does generate a lot of body heat. I can see where this will be a problem in the summer months. If I figure out a solution when the time comes I will edit this review with any suggestions.
All in all, I love the mattress and would absolutely recommend it to everyone.
This was for my 12 year old son, replacing his air mattress. He loves it! Only down side is....it's been a year and, it still has a "chemical" smell. Nothing bad, guess it's just the foam material.
So much better than the spring mattress I had previously.
I bought this mattress for my 14 yr old son because he outgrew his twin mattress. He sleeps so much better. He wakes up feeling refreshed.
its really good
Using at our cabin, got the queen size and we love it!!!!!
Great bed to sleep on and i dont even use a pillow because the mattress is just perfect. My husband didnt beleive it was gonna be good but i prove him wrong lol so go ahead and buy it.
Firm but extremely comfortable.
Great bed for the price.
It is really comfortable mattress.

Being all foam, it does get a little hot.
I have had back and hip problems for more years than I want to count.The new Spa Sensations mattress I bought is Wonderful!The first time I slept I was amazed because I could walk standing up straight without pain for the first time in 42 years.You do not know what a reliel that is till you live it. I have insomnia but I sleep more now.I recommend this to anyone with back or hip problems.

sincerely BJ
must get
Sleep like a baby
My son is a big guy (6ft. tall, over 300 lbs) and he raves about how well he sleeps on this mattress! Very happy with this purchase.
I absolutely love this mattress. First I liked how quickly it arrived, it only took 2 days for delivery. It was in a box that was easy to carry and move around. Once you take it out you will be surprised how big and heavy it actually is. It looked so inviting I had to lay on it right away. The mattress cover is super soft and the mattress feels as if you are laying on air. There are no pressure points or soft spots. The mattress cover is super easy to unzip and throw in the washer if needed. I had to wash mine and it did not shrink or lost its form. It was super easy to put it back on. I am so in love with this product that I am thinking about ordering another one. The price is just fantastic. I only needed a metal frame that I ordered online for $90.00. Regular mattress including a needed box spring cost anywhere from $400.00 to over $1,000.00. Can't beat this deal!
It's very soft and it forms to your body! Very happy with it.
Bought a Cali king mattress had an wonderful experience sleeping on it has perfect firmness and helps my back gr8 purchase
I have no problems with it.
My 3 year old was sleeping on an older mattress & we wanted to get him something a little more comfortable. This mattress was recommended to us by my sister, who had bought one for her son. The shipping was super fast. I chose the free shipping, and it was on our porch 3 days later. As others have mentioned, it does have a smell to it. However, I don't think it is unbearable. My only complaint is that he sweats SO bad at night now, something he has never done. However, that is not a fault in the mattress itself; I think all memory foam mattresses cause this due to there being no air pockets underneath. So, we will just get him a topper that specializes in cooling effects. It is a GREAT mattress for the price!
It's so comfy that u feel like your floating on clouds
Best Matteress I ever had and was delivered the next day. I no longer have any back problems
Just wonderful. Great price. Super fast free delivery...fedex in less than 3 days.
The shipping carton was torn and taped together when we received it, but after we removed the mattress everything went smoothly. It is comfortable and there was no detectable odor. Great buy !
great...so soft....love it. ..
I bought these for my two boys ages 8 and 10 and they absolutely love them! Mom approves.
What else can I say, it is a great mattress!
This is the third memory foam mattress that i have purchased. The first two i bought on line and had shipped to Boston MA to go in the motor home i was buying. They were there on time and we slept great all the way back to WA state. Can't beat it for the good service and price.
Didn't fully inflate at first but now that it has best bed I've ever owned can't tell the difference between it and tempurpedic
I will admit it. I was skeptical when this product was recommended to me. I kept thinking there was no way this would be a comfortable product for the price. I was wrong. I bought this for my son, who is 6'3" and 180 pounds. He loves sleeping on it and says it is far superior than any other innerspring mattress. He also reports that he sleeps better. So, if you're skeptical, this is a good product if you want a quality foam mattress without the high dollar price.
Ships condensed, snaps to full size in minutes. We now sleep like babies!
Love my mattress! I had an RV mattress, which was too hard and uncomfortable. I had added a memory foam topper, which worked for me for several years. I tore the bed out of my motor home and bought a bed and this mattress. It was instantly more comfortable and my back feels so much better. My only complaint is that it is about half the thickness of most mattresses, so my fitted sheets don't fit snug. It is lightweight, so can scoot, unless you have a bed frame that encloses it. Less weight in an RV is a good thing.
I purchased a Full size for myself in October as a first try on this mattress and I was surprised with its quality. It is just soft enough to give a good night sleep. I then purchased a Calking size for my wife and 2 children in November and they love it !
worth of money
Best money I ever spent !!
I've recently just got a new one, had used my old one for over 5 years and it worked well even to the end. Highly recommend.
It is very good I like it
I got this when I went to college because it was cheap, I didn't expect it to be so amazing. I have a lot of back and hip pain (my job involves heavy lifting), and laying on this mattress makes it disappear. My mattress did rise to the full size, but the last inch took a few weeks; I also had it delivered right to my house, so it was compressed in the box for less than 72 hours.
The mattress is medium-firm, but being memory foam, you really sink in after a minute (I'm about 200lb). So despite being firm and supportive, it is not at all stiff. I can't even describe how comfy it is. I gave this mattress away to a friend (who had envied it for ages) when I moved, but I'm getting a new one for myself! I hope they make this thing forever!
This is WAY better than more expensive memory foam mattresses!! This price and quality will defiantly not be beat! Buy this product before spending your hard earned money on something else! I've read other reviews that give it a bad rating for a certain "smell"... Well, anything you buy has that, it does go away. Super comfy to sleep on!
I have slept better on this mattress than I have in years!
THE CALF.king I got for my self. I love it.
Now the King size, I got for my son, it is not like mine.
We tested his mattress, to my mattress. King size is not as soft/hard as mine.
He had to get a mattress top for his. His is hard hard hard.
In this rating can you tell me why.
Wasn't really sure about this bed but I'm glad I bought it. I was able to set it up without any help. =) Super comfortable to sleep on. I have lower back and hip problems and our stander pillow top mattress wasn't cutting it. No more problems with this mattress. It's awesome!
When you first set it up, it 'breathes' to about 6". Give it a few hours to fully expand.
great mattress...
Great and as described.
It did have that weird smell when I first set the bed up, bit it has faded a lot since I purchased it 3 weeks ago. Great bed for the price, my kids love it, and I will be buying one for myself in the future
Bought mattress for my soon to be four year old. Every night has been an amazing night for my son!!! He loves his new mattress.
At first I thought this mattress was too small for my low platform bed. Soon after I put my featherbed and down comforter on, it looked a lot more comfortable. This matress is very firm. I bought this one to replace the big box store mattress that was dipping in the middle. So far I enjoy it, but it can get hot. That probably has alot to do with what I have on it though. It had a smell for a week but then went away. Dispite my positive reviews (dont get me wrong, a very great value) just I personally will save my money for a better memory foam down the road. It did the job for my housewarming, but I can see I rather would have a softer mattress for the furture. This is great for those who are looking for a firm mattress.
My son sleeps on it and loves it. It came in a box, easy for me to get in the car. The only thing is the smell. It has a chemical smell that lingers for a while.
For the price...its a good purchase. I love the Walmart shipping ...its fast and usually delivers before expected.Not as firm as reviews say but I am sleeping well. As said by others will take a day or two to get used to it. Overall m happy!
Smelly but okay. Very, very comfortable. I think that many who say this mattress is too hard may be using it upside down. The mattress pad zipper goes on the bottom and that is the "harder" side. The top side is very lush and wonderful. Once my budget allows I think I'll order the king size for my self as I bought this one for my daughter who loves it.
For the price, this mattress is great! It's more comfortable than the $700 standard mattress I had last and it only cost about $200. The only major con is the smell. I expected it to smell a bit when I got it. It does suggest you let it air out for several days before using it, and I was only able to give it about a half a day because otherwise I'd be sleeping on the floor. I've let it air for a couple more days intermittently, but a couple weeks later I still notice the smell of the foam. I hope it goes away eventually because the smell is unpleasant. But it is extremely comfortable to sleep on. I hope it holds up over time.
Great for Apartments! Much easier to carry up 5 flights of stairs than a real mattress. It poofed up to 8 inches in about 8 or 9 hours. My only complaint would be the smell. You definitely don't want to be in the same room as the mattress while it airs out.
Bought this mattress for my 14 year old daughter. We were moving from a twin bed up to a full size. We bought a platform bed and I did not want to spend a fortune on a mattress but I wanted her to be comfortable. She loves this mattress and says it is very comfortable to sleep on. She is 5'8" and 120 lbs. Don't think she will go back to a spring mattress.
I was a little worried about getting this mattress I'm a big boy 380+. But every thing is working out grate. Now is to see how long it last. I was lucky to get a year from a spring mattress
My husband had back related issues. Was told by a co worker regarding her back issues and her purchase of the memory foam. I eventually purchased and my husband can sleep at night and finally have a restful night of sleep without backaches. Also, I enjoy it as well. Only issue is that I still have a slight odor from I quess the packing but I will be contacting the company for assistance with it. But, absolutely recommend it to everyone.
We purchased this for our 14yr old. used standard shipping and it came faster than expected. It did have mild oder when unwrapped but gone buy 2nd day. We unwrapped in morning and it was slept on that night. I have layed on mattress but not slept on it to compared our very expencive Temperpedic mattress. But it was very comfortable.
I bought this thinking it would be like my tempurpedic pillow... this mattress is VERY firm. I was not expecting that. It is nice for the price, but it took me a few weeks to get used to it. I was waking up every morning having to take pain meds because my sides hurt so badly from slepping on this mattress. Now that I am used to it, it's not so bad. I would reccommend this mattress more for back sleepers than side or belly sleepers.
This product had such great reviews and I disparately needed a new mattress so I ordered it from the Walmart Site and had it Site-To-Store shipped. Fast Arrival even over the Holidays. The mattress is Stiffer than you'd expect but still comfortable. It is NOT a Tempurpedic so don't expect it to be. But NO MORE BACK ACHES either! WooHoo. It expanded to normal size in about 6 hours and it has a nice healthy smell to it. I am sleeping better thanks to this Memory Foam Mattress.
Ordered for my son who is away at college. Had just moved from a furnished to an unfurnished apt. and needed a bedroom set ASAP. I chose Walmart because I could order online and had free shipping to another store in different city and could authorize him for pickup. We were on the phone and shopped online "together".

He loves this mattress. He said that he has the best sleep he has had in a long time. While I don't expect this mattress to last longer than his remaining college years, it does the job, is excellent for the price, with free shipping. Also arrived very quickly, less than a week after I ordered it. Thanks once again Walmart!
were very happy with the foam mattress.My daughter uses it for her room and she says it is real comfortable.Im planning on getting one myself.
Definitely worth the money. I don't even feel my wife get out of bed during the night. The smell lasts a little longer than many reviews suggested, but it is not overpowering.
We have purchased these mattresses from WalMart.com before and have never been disappointed. The quality rivals the much-more-expensive "big name" competition that spends tons of money marketing and advertising in magazines and on TV. We have fallen in love with these "affordable" memory foam mattress alternatives from WalMart.
Haven't used much yet, as this is on a boat as a replacement mattress, but all seems to be fine and comfortable. Slight odor went away once it was aired. The mattress took shape almost immediately. Good value for your dollar.
Nice.
It's cheaper then a spring mattress and more comfortable. I feel like I'm getting better sleep, and i think my spine had decompressed. This is rather anecdotal however.
Gave as a gift to my great niece for her transition to big girl bed. Her mother loved the mattress and wants one for herself.
After reading reviews, we decided to buy the king size 8" memory foam mattress. It did have a chemical smell but it wasn't too bad. It WAS FIRMER than we liked. So we bought the Spa Sensations 3" topper which added nice cushion, and the Canopy High Loft Mattress Topper. With the additions, we have a great King Size bed that gives great support and sleeps fantastic. Even with the extras, we got a king size bed for about $450!
This mattress is good it is firm but it does not hurt your back or sides when you sleep on it. It is for my 4 years old daughter. Although she likes it and doesn't complain about it, I'm planning to put a mattress top on it.
Wow! We got a whole mattress for the price I almost paid for a topper- LOL!
I have to admit that when we got it in the box we were like that's it?
We don't wake each other up when moving at night. I was confused when buying cuz it doesn't say firm or soft, it's foam and it's different. It literally molds to you. Only bad is you won't want to get out of bed!
Great deal, great price!
Thisproduct was everything all the reviews said. Sorme reviews said it was firm and it is. Actually, way to firm for me. I plan to return it. I ache all over and have not slept for 2 days. But if you like firm, it's a good deal.
I have to agree with many of the people who have stated that this mattress is very firm, it definitely is. And I love it. I have had it for quite some time and am so glad I purchased it. I would however recommend that if you feel it is too firm that you do what I did and add a thick padded mattress cover on top. Every guest who has slept on it has commented on how comfortable it is. I have degenerative discs in my back and I sleep very comfortably. I have been very happy with how well it has held up and yes the smell goes away. As a matter of fact I am back to buy another one for my guest bed.
This was a FABULOUS choice for our Motorhome matress because we needed a custom size and were able to easily cut to fit the memory foam with a plain handsaw. We chose the 8" foam and are very happy with the comfort.
To all campers and RV'ers "I would recomend giving this product consideration for your Matress".
I knew from the other comments that this was a firm mattress, but it is extremely firm. I placed a thin SOFT memory foam topper over the mattress and it is much better. It keeps me very warm. Don't have to worry about having additional blankets to stay warm.
The price for the mattress is very affordable, even with the topper that I had to purchase. The final price for the mattress and topper is still cheaper than most.
Very affordable with good value. I bought the mattress as a temporary replacement, but after sleeping on it for over a week, I've decided to keep it for good.
Really good deal on a good mattress. It is firm but it sleeps good and the price is right.
My husband and I both wake up with full body aches when sleeping on traditional innerspring mattresses. I toss and turn all night long with low back pain and can't find a comfortable position to relieve it while sleeping. We weren't too sure about trying these memory foam type mattresses and for sure didn't want to spend thousands on one. I researched them extensively and found numerous reviews which all said to try this one. We went with the 8" mattress because we didn't want to invest in new deeper sheets. It didn't have much of an odor to it. SLept on it that night. It was about only 6" deep for the first few days, then it made it to its full depth of 8". It feels great, not firm at all. I still have minor low back aches throughout the night but can roll over and have the pain relieved. I get a bit warm on the mattress but my husband doesn't notice at all. I do like it very cold when I sleep, though. My husband has noticed less body aches in the morning when he wakes up as well.
This mattress is definitely worth it for the price. I plan on getting this in the twin size when my kids are due for new mattresses.
Pros: It's really comfortable. I was afraid that it would be too soft and would immediate conform to my weight. I prefer sleeping on something a little harder that would still give. This is the perfect combination of the two. It's not a hard mattress and it shapes to my body, but it still has enough structure that I don't feel like I'm sinking into the mattress. I bought a queen-sized mattress for a full-sized bed frame (also purchased on walmart.com) and it seems to fit fine. I'm 5'3" and this is more than enough room for me to sleep on.

Cons: For the first week or so, the mattress smells funny...like a strong polished wood smell. I've owned it for about two weeks now and I still get the smell from time to time. Also, it comes out of the box smaller than anticipated, so you have to let it air out and expand.

Overall: Perfect for what I want in a mattress: firm but shapes to my body. It smells weird for the first few days, but that fades after a bit.
haven't had the full size mattress long enough to fully evaluate, but so far I am pleased.
also ordered it in a queen size. less satisfied with the queen size. it may have something to do with the boxsprings under each mattress.
I will continue to try the queen, and if not totally satisfied am told I can return.
the full size works OK.
smell was not bad. I aired out for 2 days.
I hope to place a sheet of plywood under the queen size to see if that improved the feel.
I was hesitant to order a mattress and only tried these because of the full return policy.
you can't best Walmart for customer satisfaction.
that is why I shop there.
My wife and I looked at many mattresses, including the Tempurpedic top of the line (which run between 2,000 - 4,000 dollars US). After reading the many five star reviews here at WalMart's site about the Spa Sensations 8" foam mattress, we decided that we'd gamble and try one out.

I ordered Site-to-Store - free shipping, and it only took a week or so to arrive. It came compressed, and the box fit easily into the back of my minivan. When I arrived home, I put the box on my bed, and carefully unwrapped everything (you want to be careful that your box knife doesn't cut into the mattress itself). Within 10 minutes, I had it laid out on my bed. I went to work then, to give it time to decompress to it's full size and air out. There was a slight "new smell" to the mattress when I left, but when I returned home eight hours later the mattress was fully decompressed and there was no longer any odor.

I slept on it the first night, and found it to be a little too firm for my liking (I'm sure it takes a few nights for your body to adjust). I had a 2 inch memory foam pad on my previous bed, so I added that to the top. Still a little too firm. I purchased a down pillow top and added that - just right.

One of the main reasons for purchasing this is that my wife had been experiencing pain through her backside and legs on our old mattress. Since fixing it up the way we have done, she has slept very well since - no pain.

The 2 inch memory foam pad I purchased earlier cost me about $100. The down pillow top cost the same. So for a total of $400, we have a mattress set that is every bit as comfortable as the top-of-the-line Tempurpedic. So it ended up being a great bargain for us - saved us several thousand dollars that we can use elsewhere.
This is definitely value memory foam mattress. It is firm and comfortable. You get a good night sleep. Recommended
I received two mattresses 13 days ago. When I unpacked them they stunk. I set them in the guest room and the next morning and every other morning thereafter I aired out the room in the morning - windows open throughout the house. I ordered 2 Mainstays Fitted Vinyl Twin Mattress Protectors. The odor has decreased appreciably, but the cover also helps. I haven't slept on them, but they feel nice & firm. I'm glad I got them since the odor is almost gone.
This is a nice bed for a teen or someone under 150 lbs.
It works great and is comfortable with good support.
Overall for the money it is a very good mattress.
Was worth the price.
Purchased the mattress for my son's bed. This is our first time ordering a foam mattress. My son loves it. The only thing that bothers me is it took awhile for the scent of the mattress to disappear. But overall it is a good firm product.
Bought it for my daughter after she slept on my six inch memory foam in my guest room. She and husband absolutely love it!! She used to have lots of back pain, but not anymore!
This bed is nicer than I expected it to be. It is very comfortable. It was very easy to get up the stairs and out of the box. Overall I am satisfied.
I was pleasantly surprise w/the memory foam
mattress. I had heard that they conduct or hold heat while you sleep but certainly not to the degree that its unbareable. This was an excellent buy for the price. Best thing of all, NO MORE BACK PAIN!!!!
but neds airred out for a week before use. To rid the chemicals smell is strong.
Before purchasing this item, i looked at various sites,shops,compared a number of those and finally settled for this one. Using it for last 10 days and overall it seems to be good. Its neither very soft nor very firm. I do not like using a very soft & cozy mattress as that gives me back pain. Also it was shipped Free by Walmart. Good Product... I would rate it as a Good Value for Money.
Although it comes with a cover but I would rather prefer to have an extra Mattress Protector over this and/or Bed Sheet.
I wish Walmart would start selling either of the above along with this product without much of a charge. :) A wish but can;t say has to be ...
If you are looking for Firm Memory Foam, i would say GO FOR IT !!!!
Before spending a lot of money on more expensive memory foam mattress, I bought this just to try if i like memory foam. after using it for a couple of weeks, i would probably use this for awhile since i really like it. very comfortable. i don't have air conditioning at home but this mattress is not warm to sleep with at all. the density of the memory foam is not as high as the expensive memory foam but it does the job. overall, I am very satisfied with the purchase and the price is right.
I started looking at picking up a foam mattress after getting rave reviews of one from a friend. I weigh in at 320lbs and was kind of skeptical if this would support me. They are not typical of regular mattresses and take a bit getting used to. For one, you sink into the foam rather than be suspended by springs. This includes your arms and legs although the amount of depth they sink is much less. The feeling is off at first at is a bit awkward for those who toss and turn a lot. However, it was very comfortable regardless of the fact.

Some things to note. At my weight, the 8" mattress is just barely adequate. I would recommend anyone 250lbs or more going with the 12" version. I never sank all the way to the foundation, but come close. The mattress is still comfortable though. I was at first worried that sinking in might cause issues but I encountered no back issues nor any soreness. Having another person in the bed doesn't affect it at all though so having a heavy and light person one it is just fine. When sitting on the edge of the bed or standing on it, I do however sink to the foundation. Kind of odd when waking in the morning but not an issue when sleeping.

While I'm prone to sweating easily, I had no issues with being too hot while using this. There is an odd alcohol-like smell when you first unpack it but no fumes nor did I get dizzy. Just odd smell. Frebreeze fixed it. The material seems like it is absorbent so I would recommend getting a waterproof liner especially if you have kids. I picked up a basic liner and it did not impact the feeling or properties of the bed. Not sure if a pillowtop liner would change the feel.

Overall I'm very happy with this mattress. While thin for a guy my size it is still comfy and I sleep soundly. Would recommend to friends especially at this price versus a traditional mattress.
just begun using it.... not as firm as expected. will probably update the review after some time
This is a great mattress for the money. In fact, it is unbelievably comfortable. We bought this mattress for our daughter's bed and we could not believe how comfortable it is. Some reviewers mentioned that it doesn't offer a lot of support or thickness in the memory foam, but both my husband, myself and our 2 kids were laying on it no problem - we are all average sized. The only issue is the fumes this mattress gives off. We've had it a little over 2 weeks and it still stinks up my daughter's room. I may try to take it outside for a day or 2. All in all a great mattress for the money though.
This mattress was way better than I expected! I knew it had good reviews but I was still skeptical. We took it out of the box around 3:00 PM and we were able to use the mattress that night. We wish it were a little thicker, but since getting this mattress we have both been sleeping so much better. It's definately worth the money 5 times over!
Wal-Mart not only had the best price I could find for this mattress but this matress was cheaper than any other type of mattress. I have not purchased the stand for it yet, so I'm sleeping on it on the floor and I'm still comfortable and get a good night's sleep. I can't comment on the smell since I have no sense of smell but I did allow it to "come back to shape for twp days before I slept on it. It arrived well packaged in its own bag and I unpacked it in minutes. I'm sure if its comfortable while on the floor, it will be that much more comfortable when it's on the stand that's made for it. I would recommend this item for anyone who needs an inexpensive but comfortable mattress.
I looked at quite a few from matress discount stores (most box sets where in the (600-800 dollar range) and this was the cheapest I found from them. I still wonder how they would have compared.
The inner spring I had was in bad shape so anything would have been better. I do notice after a couple months that I have a low spot where I sleep and sit that doesnt bounce back. You can rotate the matress but I soon had the same thing. The smell does go away but it's best to leave it in a spare room for a few days. It smelled like burning rubber bands in a toaster oven. Not pleasant!
Over all for the money I like it. Its a bit firm but I like that. My old matress was giving out. It seems warm in the winter but I also like that. My old matress held the cold and damp air. For the money it's was worth it!
So I've only had it 2 days now and I want to say the shipping was very fast, secondly it had no odor at all and thirdly man its heavy! But so far so good, firm but soft. Had a good nights sleep and so did my mom. The price IS GREAT for it ill do another review when I've had it a little longer
We bought both the Spa Sensations 6" and the 8" mattress for our guest room daybed and trundle. I was hesitant to buy an mattress online, but the reviews were so good, the price was right and I needed something quick for holiday company. My concern was trying to get a comfortable spring mattress for under $150 that would be nice for guests, and a thin/comfortable mattress to fit in the trundle. We figured these mattresses would be fine. My guests (two adults) loved them. They commented how comfortable they were. Now my kids love playing in the room and napping on the beds, and I think my husband likes it as much (if not more) than our regular pillow-top spring mattress.
Spa Sensations 8" Memory Foam Mattress good mattress comfortable.
We bought this to replace the lump they called a mattress that came in our 5th wheel. We were going to order the 12" but there wasn't enough room for it. That said, this has worked out very well for us.Very comfortable and works great in the rv. You need to let itlay out flat for a day or 2 after taking it out of the box to lose the wrinkles and the odor from the packing. My husband and I both have bad backs and arthritis and we slept great on this
After a hard days work it's REALLY nice to melt into this mattress. you become one with it.
very good mattress worth the price only had it 2-1 2013
This mattress was the best $250 my husband ever spent. We needed a new mattress but didn't have the money to buy a king size mattress and boxspring. So when I found this memory foam mattress for $250, we had to try it. And I am so glad we did. The bed has been more comfortable than any other spring/coil mattress I've ever slept on. Absolutely no complaints!
love it:) dont't remember when last time i slept so good!!
To be able to have a new mattress on your bed for only a few hundred dollars is great. So far we like it. Of course you need to sleep on it for a few months to really review it.
Love the product. The bed is so soft that the first few nights, I felt like I was falling from the bed. When I mentioned it to my husband, he said he felt the exact way.

The only problem I had with teh mattress is that one side of it didn't rise all the way up, its not that noticable so it's okay; thats why I gave it 4 stars out of 5. Had it not be for that I would have difinitely given it 5 stars.
I have had this mattress for two weeks. It is very comfortable and helps to reduce the low back pain. The only thing I am trying to adapt to (or to figure out a way to manage) is this mattress is quite "enery efficient". I usually feel cold easily, so I put a lot cover on during the night. However with this mattress, I take thin cover but still feel hot in the middle of the night, and had to move my body out of the "sinking sand" to cool down :-) Overall I am satisfied with the purchase.
This is my first experience with memory foam and I'm happy with it so far. This mattress is a great deal for the money and is well made, and comfortable. I'd been sleeping on waterbeds for years but since moving into a new place recently, I've had to do without one because of the floor.

I'd heard about these mattresses before but was stunned (to put it mildly) by the prices of Tempurpedic beds. This purchase was a $225. experiment that I'm happy to report was a great success. I can see myself buying another of these beds for the guest bedroom.

My only wish is that it had more than 3" of memory foam, but even myself being 6'6" and 250 lbs., I haven't noticed this to be any problem in the comfort of the mattress. And for the money, it would be ridiculous to complain. It's a great deal.
I have always wanted to get a firmer mattress and this one is perfect. It has enough support while still being soft. I've had it for about two weeks and the only bad thing is I can't get the factory smell out of it, it is very strong and is in my sleeping clothes.
Mattress is firmer than what we expected, but was actually very comfortable. Have not woke up with any pain and feel very well rested.
Recommend over a coil spring mattress any day!
It is a very good product , especially for its price. I read the reviews before I purchased this. It's true that since it's a memory foam, it doesn't transfer motion, which is real good since my husband usually goes to bed after I am sleep so with this foam, I dont wake up anymore and have interrupted sleep. THough it did not help me with my prpblem sleeping. But I am satisfied with it. would buy it again. No regrets.
After reading some reviews on this memory foam mattress I decide to take the chance. It feel comfortable and relaxing when I lay on it. The only thing that bother me was the smell of the memory foam. Other then that, I was able to sleep a lot better and restful.
Good product for it price
I thought I would be in heaven but actually this is way thinner than I thought it would be. I slept ok but I did and still do miss the height of my mattress. My body temp runs high to begin with so I felt the heat in this new mattress. I actually ended up buying a mattress pad to put on top and that has helped. I don't think I would buy this again I'm a bigger guy if that helps.
Because I purchased the 12", and really like it, I bought the 8" for a guest bedroom. Although my husband doesn't completely agree, I find mine very comfortable, and sleep very well. However, both of my guests found it too firm, even with an egg crate topper. It's a different feel than a coil spring mattress, and some people can't make that transition easily. I love that it is so easy and convenient to get into the room and on the bed. It is nicely made, no mattress cover needed, but I did get a waterproof cover for my granddaughter, just in case.
That said, the downside is that if no one else likes it, how do you return it? You don't. There's no getting it back in that box! So, if I'm the only one in the house that thinks it's comfortable, that makes it not such a good deal. I said I would recommend it to a friend with the provision that they like the memory foam firm feel.
This mattress is slightly hard but OK @ this price.

Shipping was quick, accurate. Have had no problems. I recommend this product
I got this mattress for my daybed, fits and feels fabulous. Firm yet still conforms to your body, I gave it 4 stars because I've had it for a month already and it still has a little bit of an oder. It's not a really bad oder but it's a bit overwhelming, and the paperwork in the packaging said it would eventually go away. No matter how many air fresheners I use the smell still overpowers them, other than that overall still a good product. It's so comfortable I will probably purchase another 1.
Very Comfortable , like the others mention. Extremely good for side sleepers.
With the spa sensations 8" matteress on my old water bed frame I now sleep the whole night through where before I tossed and turned all night.
I replaced a mattress and box springs with this mattress, only trouble is it sits below the water bed's side rails.
this won't be a problem after I receive my spa sensations bed frame and the mattress is switched to the new bed frame.
I have already recommeded this mattress to some friends
I wish I had done this last year.
I ordered this memory foam mattress for every bed in my vacation home - in king, queen, and 2 twins. My husband loves it, and says it has relieved a lot of his back discomfort. However, I found them to be too firm for my liking - I ended up also buying foam toppers for all the beds to make them a bit softer - and I usually prefer a firm mattress. So just be aware that these are very firm, dense mattresses. The quality is good, and the price great. If you are going to order, I recommend planning on sleeping on it for a night then seeing if you want to add a soft mattress topper.
Consistent w/ most of the reviews here, I found the bed comfortable. It is firm (doesn't depress too far) yet the memory foam top layer has enough give to make the bed feel good, not hard.

Yes it has a smell at first, but it does go away after a few days (I waited until going out of town to take it out of the box).

Like others I wonder about its longevity, but at this price it's a risk worth taking.
Great mattress. Great value. Ships all rolled up, then unfolds.
If you're expecting it to feel like a Tempurpedic bed, you'll be disappointed. If you expect a mattress that is fim and comfy, then you'll love it. I have mine on a slat-style bed frame (no box spring) and I sleep very well on it. I imagine it would be better for someone who is a bit heavier than lighter; a slim person would probably not sink into it much at all. I am glad I purchased it.
I purchased this mattress about a month ago after reading & researching this product & others. My previous extra-firm mattress was just too firm for my 62-year-old joints with arthritis. I didn't want to spend $1000 for the 'brand' memory foam, so I bought this $200 one & put it on my old box spring & I love it! NO MORE JOINT PAIN!!! AMAZING mattress & value!!!
I was scared to purchase this mattress because other reviews said it had a smell. However, I was pleasantly surprised to find no smell at all. My fiance did not like the idea of a boxed mattress, but now, he won't have it any other way.
Low to floor, but actually very comfortable
Bought this for spare bedroom and works great
It feels good. It does not measure 8 inches.
I was looking for a LOW COSTING mattress that still retained some sort of quality... this one has fit the bill. It is firm yet soft at the same time.. I like it!
I would often wake up during the night and in the morning with sore shoulders, aching hips, and sore elbows. In the hope of alleviating these aches and pains, I purchased an 8" memory foam mattress online. It arrived in just 4 days. Following the written instructions, the product expanded out of its 20"x20"x40" box into a queen sized mattress. This process took about 48 hours. It was remarkable! The matress is a bit more firm than I had anticipated, but I am sleeping very well and most, if not all, of my aches and pains have vanished. I must say, however, that the mattress did have a very strong chemical odor for about 3 weeks. I have had it now for about 7 weeks and the odor is completely gone. I'd suggest, if the odor is simply too offensive, that one store the mattress in some unused portion of the house for 4 to 5 weeks. It's worth it! You will not find a memory foam queen matress for $270 anywhere else. Believe me, I looked.
Would have been nice to no package size, I brought a truck and end it up putting it my car.
Hey Folks, I decided to write a review based on our experience. Great shipping to Store. Get this, it's shipped to Walmart via FedEx, free is pretty hard to beat. We thought the mattress was a bit thin or something. The mattress we took off was a worn out Sealy and it measured 9 inches so that was one difference to our old innerspring mattress.

What set us up was a vacation to D.C. Our hotel in Fairfax VA had huge mattresses, and memory foam on top and the Spa was very similar on top at least. The hotel bed was at least twelve inches tall. So it was likely a much more deluxe unit and in no way compares other than the topping.

Here is the reason I wrote this review. Walmart said, Bring it back, no problem on a return. You should have seen the mattress bent in half, wrapped in all the plastic it came with and a half roll of #12 nylon twine and clear packing tape. Zip, in and out, got my credit. I love Walmart. Bruce
At first we were a little skeptical on this purchase , took a chance. It came in a box rolled and folded, still had reservations thought about sending it back. Once the fun of unpacking and watching it grow was through, it filled the spot on the bed as advertised , let it rest for 12 hrs. We made the bed and found it was one of the most comfortable mattress for the money a great value .
This was a great value
Based on prices of king mattress this one was a good value; however, we have found that it is extremely firm. It has been almost 2 weeks and it has loosened up a little but not near as much as we had hoped.
I reviewed the comments prior to purchasing this mattress. Yet I was still skeptical because I like soft mattress, and memory foam tends to be rather firm. This mattress is firm, but since it forms to your body it's very comfortable. This is the best sleep I have had in a long time, and after a few days it will rise to 8in. I am glad I purchased the mattress, and I hope it will last a long time. One down fall is that I cannot keep my daughter out of my bed=)
I lost my tempurpedic in a breakup and my entire body has missed it for the past 3 years!!! We finally had some extra money to purchase a new mattress (we had been sleeping on an old standard spring one) and this is the one we opted for. I am DELIGHTED with this product. I was comfortable right away. My tempurpedic was a 10 on a scale of 1-10 and I would rank this far less expensive mattress at a solid 8.5! We have it directly on a hardwood floor. It's easy to sleep in any position (back, side, stomach). Also I'm a plus-size female and have had two back surgeries and have found this still provides plenty of support and is very comfortable. We slept on this mattress the first night we got it (only 6 hours out of the box) and it seemed to have already puffed up completely. The smell disipated over a couple days and wasn't that annoying (or different from my Tempurpedic) in the first place. For the money and value - I would totally recommend this mattress (and already have to friends!!). Your cats will be weirded out by the new sensation - but they'll love it too! If I had the extra money to spend, I would have gotten the even thicker one - but this one is still great! Also the ship to store option was GREAT and saved me a ton of shipping!!! It was easy to carry in the house with me and my neighbor on opposite ends and I probably could have dragged the box in myself in a pinch.
I'm happy with this mattress. At first the oder of the foam is strong, but if you can air it out for a couple of days before you start using it, it will be fine.
I got the Firm mattress and I'm also happy with that.
Fast delivery, really nice slip cover, comfortable. Using on bunks beds and they're not to heavy to move aound when making the beds.
Opened mattress and laid it out flat per instructions. It only took 24 hrs for it to reach its full 8 inches. Very comfortable and my back felt better the first day.
I bought two of these, one for each of my kids. They are 12 and 10. They love these mattresses as they are much more comfortable than their old spring mattresses. If I were buying for a bigger adult I might go with a thicker mattress, but for an almost teenage kid it's excellent. I would definitely recommend getting a protective cover just incase of any spills or accidents. The bed is soft and forms to your body. They have been sleeping much better since we replaced their old mattresses with this one.
Very comfortable for the price. Sculpts to my form well and I rest well on it.
I was not sure when I purchased this mattress. But I am a believer now. I have slept comfortably
every night since I opened the mattress. It did not have a noticeable odor. It flattened out easily. I would definitely recommend to others. ZZZZZZ!
So easy to set up!
I am visiting US for three months and wanted a comfort mattress to sleep on but didn't want to pay much. I almost bought an airbed for about $100 when I saw this mattress and decided to invest more for my sleep quality. I read the reviews and didn't know what to think. Most were good but there were some really bad ones. So let me tell you my experience: I ordered a queen size mattress. The mattress came packed in a box, I opened it and laid it on the floor. It got a shape really quickly and the same night I slept on it. No need for ventilation and blowing on it, no need to wait 28 hours. The mattress is comfort, not too hard, not too soft, high enough. I think my weight is average and I find the mattress very comfortable for me. I don't sink into it as claimed in some comments, it holds me very well. I have been using it for about a week now and it is really comfort. It has some "chemical" smell but this is expected as it came from a factory, sealed in a plastic bag. The smell goes away with the time. For the price, it worth it. Of course if I had been buying a mattress for years on I would have invest more in a mattress, but as a temporary solution (even for much longer terms than 3 months) it worth it.
Gave 4 out of 5 because it is a bit pricy after all.
Bought this matress and the foundation. When I sit on it I can feel just a small amount of the hardness of the foundation(box spring), but when I lay on it, it feels very comfortable. 10 inch may have been a better idea, but it is in the guest bedroom. All in all, GOOD BUY. Great Price.... Got to love Walmart................
This mattress met my expectations. I would prefer a slightly firmer bed, but it's still very comfortable. It has seemed to soften up over time. Not too heavy to drag into the house on my own, but I wouldn't want to lug this up a flight of stairs by myself (with two people it would be a piece of cake). I must have got one of the 'smelly' mattresses; having read previous reviews I was aware this might happen, so I am not marking the mattress down for the smell. The off-gassing has been pretty strong but, fortunately, it is not an unpleasant odor & it doesn't bother me overly much. I do keep my bedroom door closed most of the time- perhaps in an open environment the smell would dissipate more quickly. I allowed one day for airing out -but it doesn't seem to have been long enough. If weather permits, I would recommend airing the mattress outdoors for a few days.
great mattress for a great price ! I really wanted a Queen mattress but was not looking forward to spending over 300 dollars so I was happy to find this steal. I find the mattress very comfortable, definitely for people who prefer a slightly harder mattress but still soft all ( I know that's a weird statement.) Also, if it's too hard for you, you can always get a mattress pad but I didn't need one and I like to have mattress that are somewhere in between hard and soft. It's really nice to have no springs in the mattress either !
I only purchased this mattress for the trundle of my daybed so it meets our needs as a guest bed. It is extremely comfortable but since it is not used daily, I cannot fairly rate this for someone who plans to purchase this to sleep in nightly.
My daughter had a full size memory foam bed in her room and wanted more space so we purchased this twin memory foam from Walmart. The quality is significantly different as this brand is much more "squishy" and not as thick. My daughter likes it but she only weighs 90 pounds. I am not sure how long the bed will last but I can tell the difference in quality. You get what you pay for, but my 13 year old daughter likes her new bed and that is always a plus.
Great mattress, for kids is wonderfull!! the fabric is soft and it can washable. Great for kids with asthma or allergies.
This is a great mattress especially for the price. I was having back problems with my old mattress, even my heels were hurting. This solved the problem and now I sleep like a baby.
It was all it was all that it was advertised to be, however, it just wasn't right for me. The bed was soft, as advertised and easy to set up. I didn't even have to wait two days for it to come up to the full 8 inches.that happened almost immediately. There was no chemical smell either, as some have reported. My issue was that I wanted a firm base which I later got by keeping my mattress and prchasing a 2" memory foam topper. This gave me just what I was looking for . I got the softness of the memory foam with the firmness of the mattress and springs underneath. I would say that for those who are looking for a mattress that they can sink right into that this would fit their needs perfectly.
This mattress did not get up to 8" only 7" and its a bit too firm for me cause I'm only 124 pounds but I believe if I was heavier this would be perfect.
it started out very solid, and parts of it smoothed out after we walked on it a few HOURS. it is not a temperature-sensitive memory foam as the fancy ones are, and there are still a few lumps. overall it is a very firm product, but much better support than the futon i had previously.
good so far... not quite as good as tempurpedic I had before moving but much better than any traditional mattress
This mattress is comfortable and the price is right. I am not quite used to the difference between foam and a spring mattress but sleep very well on this product.
I put a softer foam top on top of the mattress and it makes it 10 times better. Could have wasted $2000 for the same kind of mattress.
Obviously if you're looking at a memory foam mattress from Walmart you're on a budget, but this mattress is not much of a compromise. It is thick as promised, and with good board support under the mattress it is decently firm. The only downside is the smell, which has been lingering for a while which smells of weird chemicals. As a college student this was a great choice considering mattress stores were selling a mattress like this for $3/400. If you're looking for a budget mattress you could do a lot worse than this one.
I ordered a california king for my sister and her new husband for their wedding gift. They enjoy the bed and mattress. I think the most impressive feature for them is the size more so than anything else. But they otherwise find it to be comfortable, so what more can you ask for?

I also ordered a double for my office/guest bedroom. It has been about a month and the mattress is only at 7", and has a lot of lumps and creases. Needless to say, it is a defected one. Even though it's defected it's still pretty comfortable for one person if you avoid the lumps. However, I am going to return it and will be replacing it with a twin of the same brand. I'm not looking forward to rolling up the mattress and trying to squeeze it into the sedan, but hopefully it can be done. Otherwise it will be even more of a hassle to borrow a truck. I hope the twin will be up to par.

In our bedroom we have a king standard tempurpedic. Although this mattress is comfortable, it is not the same quality as a tempurpedic. But for the price, I recommend you give it a go and cross your fingers you don't get a lumpy one.
Bought this for my teen son along with the Steel Smart Base and am very happy with purchase. This mattress is comfortable and it indeed expands to 8 inches. Easy set up on both items.
Amazing product. shipped on time and FedEX even helped us put in the bedroom. Open it, rolled it out and within few hours our bed was ready to use. Comfortable.

Cons:
If you are sitting for a long time on the same spot it kind of droops due to weight at that spot.
difficult to move/slide on carpet as there is nothing to hold it on to.

Overall: awesome product at the price. no one sells at this price for such good quality product.
Bought this for my 12 yr old daughter. She loves it.
The memory foam isn't soft to the point where you sink, I really like the mattress but you should know that 8" does appear small, but the comfort isn't compromised.
I realize that a memory foam mattress is usually soft, but I thought it would still be a bit firmer than it is. Still, VERY comfy! It did have an awful chemical smell and I seriously advise airing it out for a full 24 hours before use, and have a fan in the room with a window cracked, our whole apartment (kinda small) smelled of the chemicals for a couple of days. It also takes a day to completely get back it's shape, as when it was delivered, it was rolled up and squashed flat, maybe 1in thick.
For anyone that is confused, the mattress has a cover on it, and the mattress goes zipper-side down.
It is very comfortable!!We left it for 48 hours to rise to it's full size, as recommended!!On the corners it didn't rise to it's full size, but all the rest did!! We got the full size and it great for two average size adults!
This mattress turned out better than the reviews I read. A bit heavy to haul / push up the stairs but it was easy to set up and inflate. The plastic smell disappeared in 2 days. It was unbearable the first night as I wanted to sleep on it ASAP, I stuck a dryer sheet to battle the smell. I was considering the 12" foam but this was just as good without the extra cost. Great sleep after I switched to this.
I was looking around for something to replace my spring mattress. Then I saw this online and thought that it might be too thin for me. But when I laid it on my frame it just fluffed and was perfect for my bedding. No more backaches from those faulty springs!
good mattress for a first time memory foam user, it works well& is great for the price. I will use it for guests after I save $ for a thicker one.
Came right to my house in a box. Light weight, easy set up and very comfortable!
This is my second one our last one was comfortable for 9 years.
We bought two of these 8 inch foam matresses because our grandkids are outgrowing their present beds. For now we only needed one bed, but I bought two so I would have a matched sed when I buy/build a base or bunkbed for them. My adult son slept on one of them just thrown on the floor and said it was wonderful. We have on several occasions bought the queen size (12") for various houses we've lived in and can't find a better bed for the money. We highly recommend them.
Bought this 8" mattress for my daughters loft bed.....fit perfectly. Only down side is she gets hot easily sleeping on the memory foam. Also, the 8" mattress leaves plenty of guard space so your child will not fall off.
For the price..this is a great mattress!!
I bought this mattress based on others' reviews and I have been pleased. I have back problems and was looking for support but nothing too firm. I have slept much better on this mattress and awake without feeling sore. When I took it out of the box and opened it out, it was about 2 1/2" thick. It took about 36 hours for it to reach 8" thickness. I consider this mattress a good buy.
i bought this mattress for my spare bedroom for my grandson with the hopes of getting a queen size for my husband and me. The appearance and thickness was all I expected. It didn't have much odor and expanded to full thickness in no time. The first night I tried it out, I was so warm during the night, I woke up several times. After reading on the Web about this problem, I tried several things but still couldn't get past the problem. For many years I have used a memory foam topper on a regular mattress with no problem. My grandson was here and slept on it and said it was good and he didn't feel hot so maybe it's just me. I bought anther one for my other spare bedroom for my granddaughter because I think the value is great.
There's a mystery about the odor mentioned by other reviewers. For me, it lingered over a few weeks, but some friends who visited said they couldn't smell it. So, it may be partly an issue of an individual's senses.

Our mattress protector seemed to hold in the odor, so each morning for a week, I stripped the mattress, propped the mattress on one edge to expose both sides to the air, unzipped the mesh cover, and pointed a fan at it.

Depending on your degree of sensitivity to the odor, it's a mild nuisance or worse. On the plus side, at least for me, when I could detect the odor, I got used to it after a minute or so, and had no noticeable ill effects from breathing it while asleep.
This is a great mattress. However, I ordered and paid for an 8" mattress, but it only expanded to 6", even after 48 hours, as recommended.
Very comfortable for a great price.
We bought this mattress for our daughter. Compared to regular mattresses, it was a good value. The Sealy one we bought was terrible so we exchanged it for this one. It was packed great, and easily fit with her bed. However, it only looks about 7 inches in some places (not quite the full 8 inches). We'll see how it hold out long-term but so far, so good.
PS - it is good for bed jumpers....foam just doesn't move much!
A bit firm but comfortable.
This 6" mattress has done well for me. I really like the memory foam. It conforms to my body and makes for a good night's sleep. The only complaint I would have is that it retains body heat and so I wake up quite warm some times.
Only had it a few nights, but it is very comfortable. I am not a small person and even I dont sink to the bottom. Good back support and we dont wake each other up when we move, since the foam dont transfer motion like springs.

One thing though, let that sucker air out for a good day before sleeping on it. outgases some pretty stinky stuff. After that it is fine. would recommend it, good value and ALOT cheaper that most competitors.
Bought it for our spare bedroom. Son's friend slept over the other night and said it was comfortable.
I like the bed. It gives me support were I need. I'm happy with it.
does not fully meet expectation but a good comfortable mattress.
For the money it is a good bed. Not great but good
After going through a lots negative of reviews I dare to order it. But so far seems ok.
I was so surprised when this memory foam mattress arrived in a smaller box than expected but once you cut the plastic it pops right up and makes for a great night sleep! I didn't want a box spring and bought wood planks from Ikea instead and put the mattress right on top! Perfect!
The mattress is a good value. It seems like it will last for several years. I bought it for my daughter and she loves it. I slept on it last night and it is definitely a very firm mattress. (too firm for me) but my daughter has not complained.
At the time this was all we could afford. It meets our current needs. If I was able to afford a more expensive one I would have but I don't regret this purchase.
Purchased for my son. Comfortable mattress. Ge didn't like the fact that you can't put bedding on it for the first 2-3 days so it can expand.
A nice comfortable bed at a reasonable price
good for the price, very firm, i needed firm for my back , but is a little too firm.hope to break it in a little more soon.I hope.
I bought this mattress online and am very happy with it. We have a Cal King bed and were pleased it came in the right size. I didn't notice any smell and after I unpacked it the matress fluffed up to it's full size overnight.
The mattress is good for the price! It takes a few nights of sleeping on it to get a little softer, but it definitely is a hard mattress.
With standard matresses costing around 5-600 for even a basic mattress this is a steal. Not too soft not too firm. It's nice to come home and lay down and just be absorbed into the bed. There's no added frills or flowering imprints here. Just a nice comfortable mattress.
At first I thought it wasn't going to fit in out bed, but after 8 hours it slid right in there tight. Its wider than a king, but after it fills back to its normal state its perfect. It feels much better than our 20 year old mattress.
I returned it because I decided I needed to see and try a mattress befor committing to it. I had ordered a different mattress over the internet from you. It performed in a marginal sort of way. It was a "mattress in a box", placed over a net spring platform bed. It didn't provide enough support, so we placed thick boards under for more support. It was OK, but not supportive for my husband who has had recent back surgery. The other two mattresses in a box (one twin, and one double) have done well for the guest room. Everyone says they got a good nights sleep on it. So I guess it depends on the purpose and the needs of the person. I am happy with Wal-Mart's policy on delivery and return. Wal-Mart always stands behind what they sell.
I have bought full size of this same brand 4 years ago and am comfortable with it so bought twin size this time. Price, quality, and shipping was perfect. Will deffinately buy again, only regret is the mattress cover is very thin. For couple extra bucks I would deffinitely go for better cover.
For the price this mattress can't be beat, in my opinion. Good Quality, good comfort. Highly recommended.
great buy. value was perfect
When I was searching to buy a memory mattress, I read a lot of reviews about it and I was kind of skeptical because of other peoples reviews but at the end I decided to give a try. I definitely, love it! I would recommended to other people, just make sure you give it enough time to raise like its supposed to!
This mattress is very comfortable but it is not as thick as pictured and did not change in thickness after 2 days of letting it " fluff".
Just purchased for a 9 year old girl. She loves is it. It replaced an old spring mattress. She asked why we didn't get it sooner. I agree. Shipped fast. A very good buy, So far..
Great mattress at a great value! Very comfortable it feels very different from a spring mattress it really helps you relax from a busy day at work. It would be the greatest mattress if it was a little bit harder well its not a tempurpedic but definitely recommend it!!
The bed is amazeballs seriously! It takes about a day to get 8 inches but it's super comfortable and firm.
My husband and I both agree its the best sleep we have had in a long time.
It has helped our back problems.
Good quality for less than $250. Thanks to Walmart.
I believe it is very good mattress for low price. So far it is very comfortable and exceeded my expectations.
Got as a guest bed so havnt slept a full night on the mattress. Seems to be a soft foam bed, been good for a few naps so far. Smells bad much longer than the few days it said it'd take to go away- prob about 2 weeks before the room didn't stink anymore. Easy enough to unwrap and expanded to the right size.
Not as satisfied with this one as I was with another I purchased two years ago. This one has kept its "new" smell for almost two weeks now, whereas the other faded more quickly. Still its a comfortable matress for the price. I got the ship to store option; I was impressed with the quick delivery.
This is my first experience with the memory foam but so far so good. Provides good support for my back but isn't too hard or soft. I am going to get a gel pad on top just for a little more cushion and the cooling gel sounds nice. Way better quality than the bed I bought to put this on.
I was not expecting too much from this product since it was so inexpensive but I was pleasantly surprised. It offers quite a bit of support and comfort to my mattress and has made my back feel much better.
I purchased this mattress after reading a lot of reviews on the product and finally waiting for the price to go down decided to purchase it. It was cheaper than I thought it would be for a queen size mattress. I ordered it June 23, 2013 for site to store shipping. It arrived at my Walmart store for pickup on July 1, 2013. Which was pretty quick delivery. We picked it up on Tuesday, the 2nd of July, since we were going on a short vacation Wednesday morning we decided to try out the bed. It was easy to get out of the box and we put it on the original box springs I already had. It expanded to almost 7" right out of the box. It was an 8" memory foam and immediately got to 7", which was amazing. When I tried it that night, it was so comfortable, a little firmer than I was used to. The only problem is that the mattress itself is slightly warm to sleep on. Other than that I will probably get used to it and it will be great in the winter time when it's cold out. Otherwise it was a great purchase. Also when we took it out of the box, I never noticed any kind of an odor.
I really like this mattress. It is harder than I expected but I believe it has helped my back.
Took a nap to try out the new mattress for my guest room and slept for 2 hours. I would say it was comfy.
this is very nice mattress for the price. very comfortable.
there was a one day delay as estimated day of delivery...but its ok...product is good!!!
very nice mattress so far so good
Very compfortable but I did have to add a 2" topper. I would recommend getting the 10" or 12".
If you are buying for 2-3 years, I think this will be perfect. Didn't feel the perfect finish - but for the cost it is worth. Shipment came in time.
good bed overall. was expecting a bit more firm bed (comparing to another memory foam mattress i own). seems to sink down too much sometimes. but overall okay bed.
It met my expectations and looks great. I have been sleeping really well ever since.
Very comfortable I would recommend anyone. Well worth the money.
mattress could be a little thicker. my daughter says she sleeps good on it so that's all that matters
I recommend this mattress s is good for a single person start their apartment id good quality for the money.
But buy only the Spa Sensations 8 Memory Foam Mattress,
The 6 is too thin the 12 is to hot in summer too much foam.
* is perfect
Great mattress for the money! Shipping was very fast, arrived within 3 days of ordering. I bought the 8in but only expanded to 7in. Very comfortable. I'm very pleased with this mattress.
I bought this to replace my 10+year old sealy posturepedic 12" pillowtop. I bought the queen and have it on a box spring. I am 5'11" and 180 and my gf is about the same.

I honestly would recommend this bed for its overall comfort as well as experience. This is my first memory foam mattress and I am fully enjoying it. After 3 nights, I feel my back improving already. It doesn't have any springy rebound so the bed shakes less when anyone gets out of it. Much quieter too.

My only problems would have to be that I'm missing about 1/2 an inch after inflating, which is negligeable. I DO wish I would have gotten about a 10" instead of an 8" because you hit the box spring when you sit on it. Laying though, you feel nothing and totally fine. Going from a 12" to an 8" is pretty noticeable when compared to end table height.

I plan on getting a foam topper and working it into the mattress to help stop me hitting the box spring, but only for that reason.

It's cheap, it's comfortable, it smells in the beginning but that goes away. If you're thinking about it, do it. If you don't like it, take it back. But I do recommend this mattress.
Love my new bed! I no longer hurt when I get up in the mornings, but I never want to get out of its so comfortable
Good price+comfort=this.
We replaced our mattress with the memory foam and both my husband and I find it very comfortable and are getting a more relaxing sleep.
Happy to replace a Sleep Number!
This was purchased for my guest room, it has not been used as yet, so I cannot offer any comment as to its useability
After reading the reviews initially was scared to buy the matress but then its satisfactory. The mattress dint decompress upto 8 inches. It was between 6.5-7 inches. The mattress is soft and not that firm. Recommend to buy this product.
Purchased for 3 year old....arrived quickly, minimal odor that disappeared in a day or so. I think its pretty comfy and my son does too.
This is my first memory foam mattress. I purchased the 8 inch thick version. The mattress arrived in a box. I following the unpacking instructions and allowing it to expand for two days. The mattress expanded to approximately 7.5 inches thick, the sides and ends are somewhat uneven, but not bad. The chemical odor was fairly strong at first and continues to be noticeable 3 weeks later, but again not bad. My wife and I are average sized people and have had no problems with the thickness (no need for the 10 or 12 inch version) or firmness of the mattress (pretty firm). This was an inexpensive mattress and we are quite satisfied so far, only time will tell about the durability.
priced right, little thin but very comfortable. Overall a good buy
Good Bed, you can get rid of back pain on a tiring day. Best buy for good sleep. Make sure you host this bed on flat surface for maximum benefit
Bought this for my five-year-old. Very comfortable.
I have only slept on it for 2 weeks but it's been a great 2 weeks! The odor aired out for several hours and we were able to sleep on it the first night. It's a little firmer than I thought it would be but it's still very comfortable. I'm not sure about the longevity of the memory foam but I'll check in with an update in a few months.
I didn't know that it was going to have to have 24 hours for set up. However I feel it was worth it. It never did get to 8 inch thickness as promised but it sure is comfortable and provides a great night sleep. At first it had a strong smell. It takes some weeks to dissipate.
Very comfortable purchased for my mother in law. It fits her hospital bed perfect
I have never owned or slept on a memory foam mattress before so I don't have anything to compare it to. We have been sleeping on this one for about 3 weeks now and I am no longer waking up with sore shoulders, hips, or arms that have fallen asleep (I am a side sleeper) and for the price it was WELL worth the money!! I would defidently recommend this to anyone wanting to try out memory foam it is practically the same price or cheaper than some toppers I have seen. So far I LOVE it!!
Having had the mattress a very short time I can only state that it has succeeded in solving the pain that a conventional mattress had had not. The low back pain is no longer waking me after a couple of hours and I am hoping that continues; I had a memory foam bed topper that had solved that problem in the past and chose this mattress on that basis.
It works as expected. Thanks.
It was just what I ordered. It fit our bed perfectly and expanded the full 8 inches. We love it, it is very comfortable and my back doesn't hurt anymore in the morning. I would recommend this product to my friends.
Very comfortable, worked perfect with the box spring I had
The first couple of night I slept on it I thought it was hard very firm. Then after a few more night on it it is broken in nicely. It's comfortable to sleep on.
I like the mattress very much considering what I had before this. The only problem is that I find it "travels" a bit and would benefit by having some kind of gripper fabric on the top of the box spring it sits on.
Like the this mattress alot!!
Great mattress for the price. I have their 12-inch mattress and it is better, but this one is for a spare room and does fine. It did take a week or so to expand fully rather than the promised 48 hours. In fact, we discussed returning it when it appeared to be only 6 inches. But after about a week it reached a full 8 inches, so we are satisfied.
Item as described. Arrived on time. Good quality, so far, for a reasonable price.
Fast delivery
I've had several great nights of sleep since I bought the Spa Sensations 8" Memory Foam Mattress, very comfortable.
I ordered this online, expecting that a full twin size mattress would be delivered to my house. One day, a box showed up on my porch. It was no where near big enough to contain an 8" twin mattress, or so I thought. Inside the box, the mattress had been packaged in a way that sucked all the air out of it and then vacuum sealed. I was really skeptical, but since it had already been delivered I decided to give it a chance.

After opening the mattress, it immediately began to expand. In an hour, it had doubled it's thickness, and by the following day it appeared to be a normal mattress in every respect. My 14 year old son (5'11 and 190 pounds) absolutely loves it. He thinks it is very comfortable. We are happy with the purchase. I would have probably ordered the 10" mattress if I had to do it again, but this one is great.
I haven't measured, and the packaging says it may not be a full 8".....came early, opened and "puffed" out wonderfully... and the little girl loves it.....
For the price it is an outstanding buy.. I will recommend it to anyone. It is comfortable.
Very comfortable. Did not rise to the full 8", probably 6 1/2". Overall better than the expensive spring mattress I was using. Definitely getting a better nights sleep nonetheless.
I love how it conforms to my body and I get to sleep faster.
This is in my spare room so I don't sleep on it. Seems comfortable to lay on.
Great price. Nice comfortable bed
- Great Price
- As comfortable as any mattress I've ever slept on
- Slight odor, but nothing major at first
- Allowed 72 hours to expand b/c I wanted full expansion. Note: The packing info that comes with the mattress says for maximum expansion, "open and unroll mattress within 72 hours of receipt". Of course I did not see that in specs online before purchasing and it was sent to my local Walmart for pick up. So, if you get it sent to a local Walmart and pick it up, make sure you get it on the day it arrives and open/unroll the mattress as soon as possible.

I've only had it a few days,it is on the firm side, but so far so good. I measured after 3 days of letting it expand and it is somewhere b/t 7 3/4 and 8 inches.
As some of the reviewers pointed out, foam mattresses do keep you warmer than other mattresses. And as one reviewer suggested, get a foam crate topper to soften it up a tad.

I did just that.
I went and got a foam mattress crate topper hoping this will keep air circulating underneath me so that I don't feel the warmth of a foam mattress.
I had had this mattress now just over a week and last night was the first night that it was unseasonably warm.
I ended up kicking all the covers off of me, had a ceiling fan blowing like heck, above me, and the a/c on and I was still running warmer than I like.
So if you're a person that naturally runs warm, you might want to rethink this OR get a foam crate mattress cover to put between you and the foam mattress.
Other than that, it came in a box, which I waddled from the car, up the stairs and into my house by myself.. Toddling it from corner to corner of the box.. Otherwise, get a couple of strong people to lift it and carry it into your house.
I opened it up, let it breathe, and then put it on my regular box springs, added the foam crate topper, some sheets and I was sleeping on it that night.
There is a hint of a smell to it, but it dissipates quickly. Took a few days.

All in all, it's a nice sleep. You don't toss as much as with a pillow top mattress, and I'm hoping this mattress never concaves in the center, like a pillow top mattress.

I really like the foam topper I put on top of the memory foam mattress!
I should have bought another 6 inches compared to spending additional money as thickness seemed almost same as 6 inches
Make sure to place mattress on a platform. Very comfortable mattress. Very good price.
Great spare bed. I have slept on this mattress and I was surprised how comfortable it was.
This bed is a value but only if you already know about the warmth problem of memory foam. It sleeps hot for me. Your results may vary.
Bought this for one of our guest rooms!! Only had 1 guest sleep on it he liked it!!!
sleep great on my new mattress
Mattress expanded to full size within a few hours and measured within 1/4 to 1/2 inch of specified size. No disappointment on getting a mattress that wasn't as big or thick as advertised. No bad smells either. Seems to be a good value for the money. We purchased it for a daybed that is primarily used for a couch so we kind of wanted a firm mattress and not a springy one that you can feel metal like in a conventional spring mattress. Memory foam was the solution and seems to be a good fit for what we had in mind. It is definitely firm and maybe a bit more firm then we expected but still a very nice mattress for the cost.
Easy to set up and nice mattress for the price.
Better than expected!! My 6 year old loves it
This is a comfortable mattress I sleep better than I have been no back ache when I get up
I have had this mattress for a few weeks and absolutely LOVE IT! So comfy, and no bounce! Only took one day to expand to it's full size and any noticable odor was gone within that time also. Only negative is that I wish I had gotten the thicker one. This size is thick enough, but has made level of my bed lower. All I want to do now is sleep!
The mattress came quickly and was just what I expected. I'm not sure it would be great to sleep on every night, but it is very comfortable for the spare room.
Amazing! The cost was minimal compared to BIG NAME brands and the quality was just as good. It's expands evenly and is every bit as comfortable. Couldn't be happier.
I ordered the eight inch mattress to replace a mattress in our 5th Wheel trailer. After unpacking we put the mattress in the trailer. The mattress expanded to the full 8 inches in less than two hours. We waited the full 48 hours before making the bed up and sleeping on it. The mattress is very comfortable, it is exactly as we expected. The value is great. I shopped around before purchasing and this was the best deal I found! Very happy with this mattress.
I have back problems which makes sleeping hard. This matters is firm but soft at the same time. The foam supports your body while being cushy at the same time. I no linger toss and turn at night because of the uncomfortable springs from a regular mattress. I would recommend this matters to others especially for the price.
This memory foam mattress is an excellent value for the the price. It is also very comfortable compared to others I tested in stores.
I bought this bed finally after reading many reviews. I can say that it is exactly what I expected and more. The bed is not hot like some of the reviews said and it makes my back feel great. Ive slept on a hard mattress for 2 or more years and my back was killing me but the memory foam mattress made all the pain go away. I would recommend this mattress to anyone. Ive only had the bed for 2 weeks but so far so good. I will let yall know if something changes.
I recieved the mattress exactly when stated. Opened it and the 8" mattress has only expanded to 6" in 5 days. I have emailed customer service to try to exchange for another 8". I wish I could contact someone via phone, but email is the only option. I'm waiting for a reply.
The bed has a smell to it, but it has dissapated. If you are sensitive to smells, you may need to air it out a few days.
I have slept on a Tempurpedic mattress and this mattress definately gives it a run for the money. Good value. It feels just about the same as the real thing. I like a firm mattress and this mattress is very comfortable.
The mattress is extremely comfortable! Please be aware that you need to have a good foundation for the mattress otherwise it will not sit appropriately on the bed. I bought the mattress for my 5 year old son and his bed did not have a box spring/bunky board - only slats to support a mattress. Because it is a flexible mattress, it pretty much oozed through the slats. We had to purchase a bunky board to provide the appropriate level of support for the mattress to rest. Once we did that the mattress sat up appropriately and is extremely comfortable.
Great bed for the price
Very good mattress for the price.
Bought it for my 16 year old son. Fits in the room well and the price was good
Mattress is a great value. I find it very comfortable.
Just got it setup this week
So far so good
The wife said it's the first time in months she's sleeping without pain
Good product. Quickly delivered.
Withing 10 minutes of unpacking , it expanded 7 inches, left it to expand for 48 hours, but did not expand any further than 7 inches. It is a very comfortable mattress, replacing my 14 inch spring mattress. Since the replacement, my deep sleep time has somewhat increased up to 2 hrs, at least. It fits very well to a King Bed, on top of box spring. I would have given it 5* , if it had expanded full 8 inches. It is completely flat with a plush feel. One side of movement is not felt to the other side. Its been a week, so far , so good.
I bought this mattress, with a platform bed, for my guest bedroom in my new house. It comes in a rolled and deeply compressed state in a remarkably small box. I followed the instructions for cutting it free from its wrappings, and letting it unfurl and expand. When first opened up, it gave off a powerful plasticky smell. I cracked open a window, and turned on the ceiling fan for a few hours to let that dissipate, before making up the bed. It passed the acid test for comfort: my old and arthritic tom cat curled up in a ball, sank about an inch into the foam, and slept for about eight hours straight, luxuriating in the softness and reflected warmth. My human guests like it, too. A very good value.
I received the product in time. It was a compact box, easily fit in my van. After I open & laid the mattress it started taking it's shape in minutes.

I started using it after 48 hours as suggested. It took me few days to get used to it, since it is different experience from box spring. I felt like I am sinking in. But it provides great support to your body.

Great Product so far.
I've already recommended to friends and family. It's the perfect blend of warm and cushy. I sleep deeply on it and don't hurt when I wake up. 5'3" 150lbs
My husband and I bought this mattress for my son's transition from a toddler bed to a full size bed. He loves his new bed! The mattress gives good support and sinks in an inch or two to cushion your body when you lay on it. It's affordable and comfortable and should last my son quite a while. The only drawback is that like most memory foam mattresses it traps body heat so we keep the house cool at night.
excellent value very comfy! my kids love my mattress so much I had to order two twin size for their beds!
I was picturing a whole mattress to be waiting for me a the site to store pickup location but it was a relatively tiny box. When I got it home I found out why. The mattress is vacuum sealed in a bag, and folded in half and rolled up. When I got it open and it expanded to its full size I was kinda amazed.

The mattress did have a funny chemical smell but that quickly aired out.

The mattress was much more firm than I had thought it was going to be. Just to let anyone know that is expecting the "cloud like" quality of an actual brand name temper material bed. But for the price it is well worth it. Now that I have adjusted to sleeping on a firmer mattress, I think that I am going to like it.
We did a "site to store" order, couldn't be happier. The mattress is for our little summer cabin. Unbelievable the way the mattress "puffs up" when released from the bag. SUPER comfortble too- we slept on it for a week- NO complaints!! We may purchase another for our winter home :-)
Before i even purchased the item i went online to read the reviews, most of them say this memory foam mattres was firm and comfortable, but when I received it I started using it 36 hours after since at this time it was already at 8'' high, but let me tell you, it's comfortable but not firm enoght, i've been getting lot's of back pain, the only way to prevent this is if I sleep on my back wich for me it's a little bit uncomfortable.
Purchased for my 9 year old son. He really likes it.
A good mattress. Not extremely hard but close, i have a bad back and my last mattress was killing me. I woke up a month ago and barely could make it out of bed. That did it! I ordered this bed a week later hoping to solve my problems. It worked for the most part. I had a memory foam topper that was nice and soft. So i put that on top and its been close to perfect since. Little back pain since. I needed something a little soft for my back.
I purchased this mattress to replace a 20 year old traditional mattress. I have always wanted to try a memory foam mattress but most were way out of my price range. My sister had purchased one from Wal Mart so I ordered one too. My order came in sooner than I expected and I was able to bring it home in the back seat of my small car no problem. I did not use it for the recommended time but it plumped right up in 24 hours. It did have a slight smell but it wasn't unpleasant. It is quite comfortable and a good value for the money.
I do like it but, I am a little disappointed in how stiff it is. This bed is not for a light weight person. I am hoping that as we continue to use it it will soften up a bit. Otherwise I'm gonna have to get a memory foam topper for our memory foam mattress.
For the price you cannot go wrong. It is actually a great mattress although I would have preferred it was a bit more softer. But overall it is a great purchase and we are very happy with it.
It's a comfortable foam mattress appropriate for my tall and weight (5'8" tall, 175 pounds). You don't have much space that Full size has. So if you are kind of persons who rolls a lot on mattress, you will likely end up falling from your bed :)

Another point, you might feel little pain in the upper/lower part of your back in the first 7-10 days. That's normal with any new mattress. Your back needs some time to get used to it. But if the pain persists, in this case you gotta see yourself another one.
It lives up to every thing I've read about Mrmory foam mattress
Turned my hard mattress into a dream bed!
Outstanding product for the money.
I was looking for a mattress for our daughter's new bunk bed. I found this mattress for a very reasonable rate and had it shipped to store. The kids have been sleeping on it for almost a week and they love it. My husband even lied down on it for a few hours and although he says "it's no temperpedic" he does say it pretty comfy even for him. Overall, we are very happy with this purchase.
This matressdoes come with a foul odor which takes a couple of days to air out. It also only expanded to 7 inches not eight. overall for the priceit is ok
Had to quickly find a new bed for a walkup that I could handle myself. Got this, figured it would do for a while. However, I will never sleep on anything else!

I just absolutely love this mattress!

As other reviewers have said, there is a little bit of a smell, however, a quick spritz of Febreze and an open window and it was gone the first day.

Only complaint is that the corners of it pull up with fitted sheets, but if that's all the issues I have, I'm so far ahead it's not funny!!
This purchase was well worth the money. I was very skeptical because I thought it was going to be too firm but it's not. It's comfortable. Oh, yes it does have a smell like plastic but I'm hoping it will continue to fade away.
I find that I wake up less frequently during the night and flop around less than before. It is a bit weird when I do move around because changing positions means moving onto 'memory' depressions caused by my previous position. The price was great. Another store in this area advertised the same specifications for exactly twice the price. The only thing I would criticise is the really cheap-looking covering, but I only see that when I'm changing the mattress pad.
Blown away at the cost/benefit ratio on this item. It is overwhelmingly worth it! I have not slept this well in ages. Thanks again Walmart for a good product at a great price.
I ordered the mattress for my 5 yr. old daughter for whom I was upgrading her bed size. She loves it. Didn't need a box spring cause we used reinforced plywood in the bed frame (saved money doing it too!). It is firm, but very comfortable and is used as a daybed/couch in her room. Seems like it will be durable to last a long time. Very pleased with myself for choosing this mattress.
I was disappointed with the mattress covering. But have found it to be really comfortable.
We bought this for my sons and they seem to sleep pretty good on it. Sometimes too good. It's been in use for about a month and the smell is still lingering when I make the bed. My oldest who is sensitive to smell hasn't complained about the smell though. I've laid on it twice its firm but comfortable.
This mattress is slightly hard but a matress top makes it a perfect bed. There is an odor that does not go away. I have had it for a few months now. Ive tried febreeze, moth balls and even a plastic protector. The smell comes back and even through sheets. I will eventually either double the plastic protector or have to get another bed. Other than the smell the bed feels great and can be used with the platform metal frame that Walmart carries for $89. I have the Queen sized in both.
I bought this bed for my daughter as her first bed. She likes it. I have only sat on it but it feels very firm & then after awhile you can feel the foam mold to your body. The only complaint I have is it's an 8 inch mattress but only expanded 6 inches.
Matress works great.no probs
Excellent value
Good to sleep..... and feel more comfort.
this mattress was purchased for a family member... I seemed to have got a good one since it expanded pretty well .. not a full 8 inches but close enough. They said it was very comfortable.
We have 2 other memory foam mattresses ... a 12" and an 8" thick. this one is almost identical to our 8" mattress, and is equal in quality. It is comfortable and sleeps great. Some folks complain about sleeping "hot" on memory foam, but my wife and I haven't had any trouble. Our house guests that slept on this one loved it ... no problems.
Bought a cheap mattress to destroy and got more than what I bargained for
I am writing this review after using for a week, so far so good, Need to buy mattress topper.

Rajiv
We bought one if the upgraded versions of this back in December & love it so much, we bought this one for our camper. We've never slept better when camping!
Firm and substantial, true to size (twin), Regained full size in a day right out of the box. Package was easy to transport from the store. The only fault was the cover is a little thin but breathable for the foam. This memory foam for the money is a great bargain. It was exactly what I was expecting and fit the foundation precisely.
Keeps its form very well, soft yet firm. Off to a good start.
the first night i slept sooo good! i woke up in the same position i fell asleep in. no tossing and turning. great mattress!
Mattress is definitely not soft like a traditional spring mattress but this is more because it is memory foam. I bought a $2K custom spring mattress about 3 years ago with a memory foam topper. After a year or so the bed had big trenches where we slept and was causing back problems. This mattress is much firmer (enough that if you jumped on it it'd probably feel like you hit soft carpet) but as you lay on it you sink in a bit and it gets really comfortable. All in all, i'm sleeping great on this new mattress. For the price, can't be beat. We'll see how it holds up over the years, but again for the price I could buy this bed 10 times and still pay less than I did for what I thought (buying an expensive mattress) would be the best investment. In the case of mattresses I've found price does not equal comfort.
good mattress for the money and to have for guests . the bedframe could be better by simple design
This product was purchased two weeks ago. I needed something that would be better on my back while serving in Afghanistan. I bought the 8" mattress to replace the piece of garbage I was issued. IT has been great. The chemical smell goes away after the first week and it is an actual mattress. Other reviews mentioned this mattress as being too firm well I disagree. It was perfect for the medium to firm feel. I am glad I purchased this mattress but would probably buy a mattress topper of about 4" if I had it to do a gain. For me I didn't need to replace but did so anyways.
I sleep very good and I love the feel of this matress. I was really not sure if I should buy it because of the price. I was very happy with the price and surprised with the feel of the matress. I don't get pressure pains from laying in one spot for a long time. I am very happy with my new matress. I really was happy that it was so easy to have it sent to the store by my home. My husband went and got it, and I didn't have to pay anything to have it sent to me. I am so happy I looked at Walmart for my matress.
Thank You Walmart
Grannyof14
I have a tailbone injury and so far this bed is very comfortable. I would recommend it to anyone wanting a comfortable bed.
Service at store was great.
Shipping was so so.

The matress is great other than the foam smell lingers for weeks.
i thought becuz it was memory foam it would be softer but it is pretty firm, it barely sinks in to my boady's shape, still a good soft bed to sleep on. the smell is horrible at first though, i recommen using like a carpet steamer to clean the smell on the bed.
Bought this bed for my 12 year old son and he rates it at a 4. He was looking for a firm bed and this is fitting his request. It is a on solid support (full board underneath it). We all had fun watching the bed puff up to its full size. First day let air outside for a few hours then let air out in a separate room with the window open. Smell was OK after that. As with all beds for kids I recommend a waterproof liner to watch for spills and for the younger bunch accidents. We bought the bed about 2 weeks ago.
It is a great bargain...the smell lingers for about 48 hours, but it returns to normal size withing maybe 1-2 hours...it's comfy and awesome...when it's time to replace it I will probable go with the 12' memory foam...splurge a little !
Mattress came well packed. Reached proper height in a matter of an hour. Smelled, but aired out in a day. Very comfortable, I am very pleased with this product.
Good mattress, firm. I like how it expands back to original shape.
Overall I love this mattress, time of course will tell. We've had it for a few weeks and so far so good. I wake up feeling refreshed and my husband has less back pain! I would recommend this product.
The mattress is comfortable we love it however I let it air out for a week and mine didn't reach that eight inch height at all..It's actually a whole inch short! We didn't take it back because thats a hassle we'll just deal with...Who wants to pack up a vacuum sealed queen sz mattress! Not us!
I recommend this mattress for side sleepers like me . I'm a big guy and the stress on my neck , shoulders, back and hip was a problem. Not anymore since all the contact points are filled in with memory foam providing support .And it has a Great price . Only thing is that it (Foam )smells like chemicals for a couple of weeks but goes away . that's why four stars.
While it took a few days to get used to this, it is well worth the price. It is more firm than I anticipated but very comfortable.
Ordered this for my pre-teen son. He LOVES it! It is super comfortable and way better than we expected for the money! Now my older son is begging for one!
With mattresses being expensive, we purchased the mattresses at a bargain. The kids love the mattresses as well.
excellent choice for an RV
I received this bed about 2 weeks ago and the smell that comes along with a new memory foam mattress is still there and gets on my sheets. The smell is like a mixture of mild paint and vinegar.The bed is comfortable to sleep on, it's not hard but not soft either like regular spring mattress.
My husband and I needed to replace our mattress. We looked around at many sites. After two nights my husband looked at me and told me this is the best thing you have ever bought in the 26 years we have been married. my only problem is the smell and using many cans of Febrez.

I had a friend who came home for Christmas. she sat on the bed and is now ordering one for herself.

been telling everyone I know about this mattress.
Purchased this twin for my 15 yr old boy and he loves it. The good reviews and price were what encouraged me to purchase this one. As other reviews say, there is a slight odor after unpacking which goes away in a day. The foam mattress came in 2 days, sooner than expected. The quality of the mattress cover is very good and the thickness is 8" as it said on packaging. I did see a 6" one at Bed Bath and Beyond that looked similar for about same price if you use a coupon but I am very pleased with this quality, price, shipping and performance. He has been using it for a week now, and raves about it even after switching from a queen to a twin to have more space in his room. I did not rate it a 5 because I still thought it was a bit pricey, about $160 but it is good quality. Would recommend this product.
Originally I was going to go with the thinner mattress. I'm so glad I went with this mattress. The kids love it. It arrives rolled up. I can easily roll it to change the sheets. Just great.
My husband and I purchased this mattress originally to place in our camper to expand the center bed out to a queen, since two men could roll it back up and contain it in the camper to pack it down. We had a name brand standard mattress on our bed in the house that we had spent a great deal of money on that soon had sink holes in it and was uncomfortable so we moved the Memory Foam mattress inside and have been sleeping on it since. It sleeps as good now as it did when new. Unfortunately we are back to an air mattress in the camper an I am looking at another Memory Foam now. I would recommend this Memory Foam Mattress to anyone.
We are having good nights sleep since we purchased the mattress
I purchased this bed in a king size for my boys bunk beds. I went off of another review and cut it in half with an electic knife worked like a charm!! Cut like Butter! Saved a ton of money and I know my boys are sleeping on a great supportive matterss. We had guests from the east coast and they wanted to sleep on the bunks instead of the queen guest beds with regular mattresses! Great buy we have a temperpedic and paid $1500 and it looks the same and seems to be the same support.
Bought this for my 3 year old son's "Big boy bed." Got it in two days after ordering, what a surprise! I already have a 12" queen size foam mattress so I was expecting the unpacking and letting it "rise up" to the 8". It didn't take long, maybe 1/2 hour. No chemical smell. My son has already tested it out and loves it! For a 35 lb kid it's pretty firm, but an adult would appreciate how it hugs the body. Good buy! Thanks, Walmart!
This is exactly what I ordered. Unlike the other piece supposed to be chocolate instead of the lighter color.
Easy to unpack, no smell noticed, exactly what I was looking for.
We have had the mattress for a few days now and the smell is a little overwhelming. There was a note in the packaging indicating that the odor would lessen in a few days. Note also explains that the odor is harmless. We purchased the mattress for our teenager - who is really happy with the comfort but not crazy about the smell --- hoping that clears soon. Overall very happy with the comfort and price of the mattress. Good value.
Overall Experience is Good. I did not have any body ache ever.
Only thing is when I lie down half way sidewise, keeping some amount of body weight through elbow, the mattress is not able to hold it well. My elbow is deeping into. However, if I take off my elbow, that part of mattress is again coming back into normal position (which is good). This is the only reason for which I gave 4 starts, instead of 5.
This mattress is so comfy and it was super inexpensive which was a plus. I really have no gripes what so ever, other than it is very flemsy. I guess that's because it is only 8 inches thick but other than that, it fits my needs perfectly. Can't beat a memory foam mattress at this price. I just got an email that it just went down in price by $30!! Not happy about that but even at the price I paid it was still a good value.
This was the first bed I bought. I had been sleeping on an air mattress and was looking for a bargain. The bed came in an extremely small box but fluffed up in about 8 hours. I waited 48 hours to sleep on it allowing it to air out and fill out completely. I found extremely comfy (even when it was just a mattress on the floor). Great bargain and I sleep soundly! Exactly what I needed.
The first thing i liked about it , is the packaging..Easy delivery and easy unboxing. I for one have no bed frame and i started simply using it on the carpet. Works well so far and hope it runs well for the 6 months.
I purchased this mattress for my 8 year old son and I have to say the we are quite satisfied so far with this product. Price was reasonable and it is pretty comfortable. Only issue is that is has not expanded to the full 8 inches we were promised.
Overall, I'm pleased with the purchase. It expanded to its limit within 48hours and the odor was fine unless you have sensitive nose. It is very cozy to sleep on but sometimes I found myself waking up little stiff though I think its because I don't move around during the night.
Before I bought this mattress I woke up everyday with lower back pain. And I would also wake up to the slightest movement. Now I get more rested sleep, I don't wake up when someone else is in the bed, and no lower back pain.
I bought one for my 4 year old's bed & it is as expected. She does love it although I did purchase a thick mattress pad as the bed is firm. I did buy a second one a few weeks later for another guest bed. If I was to purchase for an everyday bed for an adult - I would go for the 10 or 12" memory foam. Overall - I like it!
Great , I love it. I wake up feeling great and it is worth the price.
Very good memory foam mattress, just HOT at times
I just love it
gets a bit hard after sometime. soft in the beginning
We had an older king size sleep number bed. It worked great for years but over time became less and less comfortable. We were looking for a reasonably priced way to get a decent mattress that might hold us for a while until we could afford better. We bought this and it fit perfectly inside the sleep number mattress cover. Just unzipped the cover, removed the old sleep number components and popped this mattress in and zipped it back up. We were worried it would not fill the cover up but it is a near perfect fit. It's firm but not too firm and we are sleeping better than we have in years. Can't beat it for the price. Overall we are very pleased.
I bought two mattresses. It is ok for me. My son presently weight over 300 lbs. A 12 in memory foam would be good for him. It is very uncomfortable for him.
I've had this mattress for about two weeks now and in comparison to my last mattress...let's just as a slab of cardboard would have been better. The only thing that gets me down is that I think a couple of the reviews I read complained about it being too firm and I disagree. I think it's too soft. My parents have a "name brand" foam mattress that they've replaced twice now in two months because of side lag and firmness. Let's just say my firm is like a cloud compared to their expansive plush "whatever" that they paid about four times more.
All in all my back feels better; I can actually turn over without having to wake up and move myself; no more numbness in my arms. Although I like a firmer mattress this has been heaven. Now all I need is a gel pillow to match and I'm never leaving my bed!
Was a little skeptical when it came in a box, and was rolled and sealed in a bag. We took it out of the packaging and had it in the living room while we built the bed in the bedroom, by the time the bed was done and ready for a mattress (3 hours later) The mattress was fully expanded and solid! It fit PERFECTLY on the new bed, and is very comfortable. I am glad we purchased this product.
The price was very good, it is a very comfortable mattress and just perfect for our day bed in the guest room!
This is a good mattress, however it is not 8 inches thick. The fully expanded mattress is only 7 inches thick. I also added a non-foam topper to it to separate me more from the foam. Also be prepared for all of the paperwork from China about the mattress. It was a little disconcerting. All in all, still it's a comfortable mattress.
Bought for my kids bunk bed set. Perfect height and fit for the bed and my kids love it. Its very comfortable and they sleep great on it.
Its best but feel little costly...may be because i am new in US.
I bought this after sleeping on memory foam after sleeping on them while in Australia. I contemplated getting a thicker or more expensive mattress, but this is one was for my full bed (temporarily my main bed until I move to a larger house and get a queen) which will eventually go into the spare / guest bedroom.

I can say that it's definitely a thinner mattress than I had before (as compared to mattress and box springs), but it's just what the doctor ordered. It's a firm mattress on its base with a soft memory foam on top, so if you're looking for a super soft mattress, this isn't the one for you. You will definitely need to have it on a platform base, or it won't react or feel right. Mine is on a simple hardwood Idea platform frame.

I will definitely be going to be getting another one for my son's bed because it'll be just fine for both our purposes.
This product was delivered quickly and was very conviently packaged. It sleeps well also! It was ordered for my son and he loves it!
This mattress is softer than my 10 inch and after almost two weeks has not reached it's full width. It's about three inches narrower than my box spring. But it is comfortable.
Not really 8", More like 6".comfortable for the price!
mattress never reached the full 8 inches which was dissapointing. But my 14 year old loves how comfortable it is.
For being one of the lesser expensive memory foam mattresses out there, it is good quality. It's just thick and dense enough to fully support one's weight and is good at absorbing impact while tossing and turning at night.
I have had a similar, albeit full sized mattress from this company before and would definitely recommend this purchase. The price is fantastic and I will probably buy another rather than spend two or three thousand for something comparable. That said, I was incredibly disappointed with FedEx, not only did it arrive three days later than it was supposed to, it was left outside when we had specifically called and told a representative that we needed it delivered after work so we could be there to bring it in.
i was wattling for these kind mattresses to go down in price.. because i know this matters used to sell for Townsend's . so i got me 4 twins & one queen.and i got all fife mattress for all under a Townsend.
It is very good for nice sleep.
Quite comfortable for the price.
Ok so for those who are not in a perfect shape and cannot afford a Sleep Number mattress this mattress is great and provides an awesome night of sleep. Don't be surprised when you see it arrive in a small 6'x4'x'4' box since the mattress is compressed and then packaged. Also realize this is foam so you want to protect it with a waterproof mattress pad. In short take care of the mattress and it will take care of you.
I purchased this mattress to use on a low profile platform bed. I find the mattress to be very comfortable. I like a firm one, and this is nice. I also have scoliosis and arthritis in my spine. This mattress works for me. I find it easy to get comfortable. It did smell for the first week. I noticed it to be strongest on days 3 and 4. After 2 days it was fully expanded. I would definitely purchase another one if I needed a new mattress.
best nights sleep in a very long time!
I had a tiny twin matress I bought from walmart
So I decided to get a better matress and this was it. This matress is legit everything I needed.
For the price I seriously didn't mind a couple of negatives it had. But I'll mention them
Anyway for those who want to know.

1)The matress is around 7 inches not 8
2)It had a weird smell to it the first week

To me these things were minor. . .

I love the way I melt into the mattress, and for the price?! Great deal
It is hard to say much until you have had something like this for a few years. So far I like it though. Others have said it "sleeps hot". I have to agree with that but not bad. I just won't have as many blankets on me this winter.
I never did smell any chemical smell. I let it air out and expand for about 30 hours then slept on it.
My one disappointment is that the mattress gained a thickness of just 61/2" rather than the 8" advertised. The thickness is adiquate, however. I now sleep on my bak with comfort rather than having to roll to my side.
Good product that arrived on schedule.
We purchased this as a mattress topper when we moved into our new place. This came before the bed did and we opened it and a lot of people complained of a chemically smell but we found none. We spent the first week in our new place sleeping on the floor using this mattress with nothing else, and it was the best sleep i had in months!!! when the bed got here we put it on top and have been very pleased. Would have given it more stars but it has not expanded to the 8" it states in the box. Now i am wishing we bought the 12" mattress instead.
Primarily i bought this for guest room. mattress looks good and comfortable. It just took less than 24 hrs to completely inflate. Odor also didn't last for long.
This mattress is tremendously comfortable and a great value. It replaced a brand new (expensive) spring mattress that felt like a canoe. I gave it a slight downgrade for the initial chemical smell, which was not overpowering and which dissipated in about a week.
This is really good mattress. Every thing is good but only nothing they say as 8" but it expands only 61/2 to 7 " but not 8 ". I kept it open and unused for 2 days as per the manufacture suggestions to expand but still it expands only 61/2 to 7 " but not 8 ". I kept it open and unused for 2 days a
So far it is more comfortable than my old mattress.
Visiting out of state we spent 4 nights as guests and were amazed at how great it was. Bought one as soon as we arrived back home.
I bought this mattress for my son's bed. I ordered it online, and got free shipping to my door. It arrived a few days earlier than expected, which was great. It was very easy to take upstairs. I opened it and let it air out for 48 hours so it could reach its full size. It is very comfortable, and allows for edge to edge use. The only complaint is that my son says it is hot. We have a mattress pad and good quality sheets on the mattress, so there is not much I can do about it being hot. Hopefully, it will keep him warm when the weather gets cooler.
We were expecting it to be like sleeping on a cloud and it's a more firm mattress. I wish we could see how firm these mattresses are before we buy them.
Nice bed, takes a some time to regain shape. Need to use a thicker pillow because of the memory foam layer sink down.
This mattress was an excellent value but unfortunately it was just a little too firm. Even so it was a huge improvement over our old inner spring mattress. Kudos to Wal Mart for having an awesome return policy. So we purchased the 13" spa sensations mattress. We are hoping that with the extra memory foam that it will provide the ultimate in comfort. Can't wait to try it!
I like the mattress, it isn't life changing or anything but it's comfy. :)
takes a few weeks to get used to from a regular mattress, but we love it now!
The surface is pretty firm when lying down, but too soft for sitting. It just keep sinking due to the soft regular foam underneath. For the light body parts like elbows, you'll feel some pressure from the firmness (a little uncomfortable).
Overall, for the price, the quality is acceptable.
Very easy to set-up, no strong chemical smell like some comments that i've read. Very comfy and puts me to sleep right away. I get very restful 15 minutes power naps and even easy to wake up even if i had a very short night sleep (4 hour) sometimes. I don't feel groggy anymore. This is highly recommended for working mommies who barely get complete 8 hours of sleep because of busy schedules.
For the price, it cant be beat. I had to give 4 stars only because after reading so many reviews that gave 5 stars, I was expecting a much better sleep. It is quite firm for me.. I have to admit though, it is like the commercial with the wine glass, where the woman jumps and there's no movement. There is really no movement from my husband at night which is awesome. I was a little concerned because of the foam that it would start to wear down, we have had it two months and nothing. It has a funny smell from the factory (it even comes with a warning about the smell) it took about a month to go away! But it is a great value for the price. I would absolutely recommend it.
I was very excited it came to us as fast as it did. We needed it ASAP. We could not afford to pay extra for faster delivery, so when it arrived early it was a blessing.
Purchased this almost a month ago and I have been feeling better ever since. It arrived in a smaller box than expected (still heavy). Was able to get it out of the box. Directions were clear and direct. I did purchase this with the smart base bed and the two work together really well.

Pros:
-Delivered straight to my house with ease (Arrived earlier than expected)
-Directions were clear and easy to understand
-Affordable
-Has a nice firmness to it maybe a little too firm.

Cons:
-Maybe too firm for some people
This mattress cost less than 1/2 what I had previously paid to Costco for essentially the same product (but returned because too firm). This mattress is much more comfortable, and even with shipping to my home I saved money.
The mattress is pretty good for a beginner but it wasnt right for me. It wasnt what i have become used to sleeping on because I wake up sore and tired everyday on this new mattress when my old foam mattress I felt good all night and I got up feeling relaxed with no pains.
We bought this bed in a queen for our son. It is so comfortable. We will be buying a king size for our bedroom as well.
I ordered 8" mattress and after 4 days measured the mattress I received and it was only 6". I live over 90 miles away from the nearest Walmart to take it back, so called Walmart and told them everything I had says the mattress was 8" but it only measures at 6" and I wanted a refund for the difference in cost. They were very good about refunding me the $60 difference right away. The 6" is comfortable enough and the bed is only for occasional use, so I will keep this one. I have another one I need to order, I'll order the 8" again to see if that is what I get. As I think the person shipping the first one, just picked up the wrong mattress and put it in the box labeled 8".
I purchased this mattress for a new bed and didn't have a lot of money to spend. I am greatly happy with my foam mattress. I have major lower back issues and I wake up feeling good every morning. Would recommend this mattress to anyone wanting a great mattress at a lower cost than traditional mattresses.
That's about it. Overall very happy with it, but the description should note that it's 6" of cheap foam sandwiched between 1" (each side) of memory foam.

We thought the smell was barely noticeable and gone in a couple of days.

Not sure why it took 3 weeks to arrive, but Walmart compensated us with a $20 gift card.
I was pleasantly surprised
Firmer than expected but my two teenage sons love it. Came relatively quick except that the order got split and had to wait for the 2nd mattress when it said both in stock.
I and my husband started having back pain and decided to change our mattress. I did not want to spend $$$$ (even $$$) for mattress so the value of this mattress was amazing. My husband really liked it. I could go more firm one (I am Asian and got used to sleeping on firm surface I think) but so far we are back pain free!
Way less expensive than some others I've seen which weren't as comfortable. The ongoing argument about whether a mattress is too soft or too firm is purely a personal decision. If you weigh 250 pounds and have healthy joints you may think this one is too soft. If you're a light weight with arthritis, it's too firm. I's like to see an optional inch or two of soft foam built in.

I had no great problem with the odor compared to the last mattress I bought. It never has reached the 8 inch height advertised, but I can't see that it makes much difference to my sleeping.
Maybe the 1 1/2 inches I'm missing are that soft foam I wish for.
Very easy set up, not as thick as I had anticipated but still expanding. Takes to people to carry, but set up can be done solo. True to size. Is a queen.
I bought this bed hoping it would improve my sleeping patterns, and so far no more back pains and wake up feeling rested. Would give it 5 stars,but have only had it 2 weeks. Would like to test it's longevity. Thought it would be a little thicker, but works well so far.
I ordered this a little hesitant but am thoroughly pleased with it! I haven't slept this good in a long time and have woken up with no aches in my back and have felt more rested than ever.
I like this mattress. It is comfortable, but I was hoping it would be a little more firm. I have another memory foam mattress and it is really firm. Of course, firm is not for everyone. This mattress is still solid and semi-firm. It is a good mattress, especially if you consider the price. However, I have only had it for less than a week. I will try to remember to update this review in 6 months to provide more feedback after I have used it for a while.
Mattresses is all a personal evaluation. Overall I liked this product . I thought the lowest foam should be a bit harder. I have the mattress on a guest bed with a slate foundation.
Smell is there like with every new mattress but it is already dissipating
Given the price, I am very impressed with this mattress. It is not quite as nice in appearance as another brand I purchased a year ago through another online site. But it is nearly half the cost of that mattress. It is perfect for my 10 yr old, but it also feels very comfortable to me when I lay on it (although I've not slept on it all night myself). It was packaged well, and there was very little odor. We were concerned over buying an 8 inch version rather than a 10 inch, but have found the 8 inch to be more than adequate. My 10 yr old is thrilled with the mattress and is sleeping much better. Definitely recommend this mattress if you are looking for an affordable memory foam mattress.
my daughter loves it says it is very comfy...
Pros: cheap,soft, deeper sleep, definitely better than a coil mattress for a similar price
Cons: smells a bit even after a few weeks of use.
Conclusion: recommend.
mattress is pretty comfortable. being 7 months pregnant and in bed/napping/sleeping/ reading pretty much all day.. it is pretty comfortable . definitely will recommend to others.
Don't believe the bad reviews! Look at YouTube videos for this product. This is my best buy of 2013. Great price, shipped and recieved in 2 days and the mattresse grew to 8 inches after 4 days. Memory foam is about 1.5 inches and you sink into it. It is not as plush but softer then a mattresse for $500 at mattresse firm.

Couple of my friends are buying it because they love my bed so much! I would and will buy again without hesitation. Next time I'm going to get the 12 inches.
I seem to need a much softer bed than most. My sister bought this mattress and said it was a little too soft for her. I, however, find it to be too firm. I have been dealing with it though because apparently a firm mattress is better for your back. It is great for the price and it seems to be made with good materials.
I have been using this full size memory foam mattress for a few months. Delivery is on time, compact package which makes it easy to pull by a strong person. Fit pefectly with my lower bunk bed. Good enough to support your back even I feel it too soft and warm like trapping heat from our body which is good for cold weather.
Very comfortable, perfect for guest room
Came in a small box and once out the mattress expanded it has been very comfortable for the kids to sleep on.
not as comfortable as the other expensive memory foam mattress. but with this money, what else can you expect for more? It really worths what you pay for. I am pretty happy with it.
This is a comfortable mattress, and the price makes it even a sweeter deal.
After spending a lot of money on overpriced mattresses that wear out in a couple of years, we decided to try a less expensive one for a change. We bought the Spa Sensations 4" and 8" king size mattresses and the Spa Sensations Smart Base bed. We are very happy with the mattresses and the bed frame so far.
Kids sleep better on this mattress. Great value.
Bought this mattress to go in my camper. WOW! I was really surprised at how comfortable it is. I expected to "get what you pay for", but not the case with this. Am going to buy another one for my guest room.
I bought two of these mattresses for my daughters new Mainstay Parsons beds and they love them. No complaints so far.
I got this for my son who is 5. I have a Tempurpedic bed and he wanted a bed like mine. We did some searching and found this. It is really comfortable! I was quite surprised. Not sure if it is "made to last" but I figured since it is a child's bed it would be replaced quicker than my bed anyways.

It came vacuum packed, as the instructions stated I opened it up and let it rise. I let in sit for about an hour. It rose to about 7 3/4" but, it was close enough, my more expensive bed never reached perfect height. Then came the fun part! Walking, jumping, and rolling all over the new bed! I can't remember if it said to do that, but I did with my Tempurpedic to soften it a bit, otherwise they can be quite firm.

Overall I think this was a great purchase.
I checked online and compared the exact product on different websites and it was twice as much. I ordered this mattress from Walmart, it was delivered in a few days. It is firm but comfortable. I don't toss and turn anymore and I don't wake up sore. Give it a try, we love it!
Exactly what is promised
This enhanced foam mattress (with a portion of memory foam) has provided decent back support for my 250 pound frame the ten days I have slept on it thus far. I have not been bothered by the smell of the mattress (as some other reviewers have reported)which I purchased in the twin size.
Compared to other mattresses with (a portion of) memory foam, this one appears to be a bargain.
I've brought the memory foam mattress for my younger son and he has been stretched out everyday sleeping so much better now that he has his memory foam mattress, when I look in his room to see if he's still watching T.V he's sound asleep. I've gotten a great price for it and it help my son sleep better at night.
Only rose to 6 inches, but it's still very comfortable. I would recommend this mattress to anyone on a budget.
I've only had the mattress for a week, but so far it's excellent. We bought this mattress for our two-year old so we could lay in bed with her. She's slept no problem through the night and its made laying with her a dream. Our only concern is durability, but it's mainly due to us still having trouble believing a mattress this good could really be at this price. The mattress itself appears to be great quality.
I was using this for a couple of months. It was comfortable but would like to have had it more firm. For lighter people it would be perfect.
I purchased this mattress because of the reviews I read about it. The only issue is that it is not 8", 4-5" at best. I had it shipped to my home, received it on time and let it "air up" for a couple days. I have had the best rest, every single night, in a very long time. It does compare well to the $500 memory foam mattress I used to have from Costco. I haven't experienced any new mattress or chemical smell. It is still a great mattress and I really do sleep well. I had already purchased a bed frame, and don't like box springs so I purchased five pieces of 1" x 3" lumber to use as the slats and it works perfectly. I really am happy with it and would recommend this matter.
Cover seems cheap. No odors. Fairly firm and very comfortable. Too soon to comment on longevity.
this is a very comfy matress i was shocked when it arrived in a 4ft by 2ft box, but over all pleased, and it holds in our heat and we require less blankets
I purchased this bed for my daughter and was pretty disappointed that it's a about 6 inches to wide for her bed frame but we kept because it is very comfortable .
It is really value to the money. When I see in the pack, thought it would have very thin but after expanded it really came to the Venti size. Using this from last one week, feel really good. I would really suggest to go for this.

Regards,
Sarat
really liked that I didn't have to go pickup, it came to the house. its very comfortable & helps me sleep.
very comfortable mattress.I have a king size memory foam bed I bought from a local furniture store that I paid over a thousand for and this one sleeps just as good.
It is hard to give a review on something like this after only a week but just the initial impression is very good. My husband says he is sleeping better. Time will tell if it holds up but I do have a 4" memory foam mattress that we were using on top of our old one and it has done beautifully (It is now on the bed in the guest room) so I expect this new full size mattress to do no less.
Very good support and a good improvement!
My son loves it. It is very comfortable and convenient. Easy to move from bed frame to floor. But for an adult (overweight) this item is not very comfortable. The support is not great for the back or hips.
Good bed for the price. Firm mattress and fast shipping.
I replaced my daughter's old bed with this memory foam mattress after reading all the reviews. The mattress is comfortable, not too firm and not too soft. She loves it! The only issue i have was the mattress only measured 6.5 inches and I paid for 8 inches, It's not as advertised. I'm disappointed.
Great mattress for the price!
My box springs were enclosed and very firm so I put my new spa mattress on top and great new sleeping started for me. My fifteen year old reversible pillow top mattress was beginning to sag in the middle. I even got a big discount with my new walmart store card with instant approval. I spa nearly daily so it was an easy sell to me. Now I spa every night.
We have had this mattress now for about 2 weeks. It is very comfortable however I do get hotter on this one than our older traditional mattress. Ours expanded to the full 8 in. I think overall it is well worth the money spent.
This was very affordable and it is really comfortable to sleep on. I am very satisfied
seems like a great deal for the price
The only problem is the smell of being a new product. It is taking a long time for smell to go away even after airing it out.
It's a good mattress like for visitors or something to begin with till you get a mattress more of your liking . I believe it's comfortable and I don't wake up cranky or anything like that . I get a pretty good night sleep .
Very Good Mattress, It is very comfortable.
Was skeptical about making this purchase, but happy I did. Read the reviews and I will agree that it does seem to generate heat. At this time of year that is a great thing! I lowered my house thermostat and am not using a heated blanket nor heated mattress pad. I do plan to add a gel memory foam topper in the warmer weather for cooling but no matter what mattress I was buying, the topper was in my plans anyway. As this mattress is being used on a daybed, I plan to get another when I purchase a trundle after the Holidays.
Great matress so far. I've had it for about 2 weeks. I'm sleeping better and waking up feeling more refreshed. Only problem: thought it would be more temperpedic material, it doesn't fit me like a glove. Otherwise great overall and thrifty.
Very nice for the value! Super compfty. I would be careful if you are over 200 pounds, it will start to sink somewhat and appear soft. But overall, good buy.
I was skeptical when my Spa Sensations foam matress arrived. I unpacked it and in about 18 hrs it had risen to its full 8" of memory foam. It is firm but soft and very comfortable. I sleep great on it.
very firm support, its affordable, soft, I like it as better than what I had been sleeping on . the mattress had odor upon opening up but after 24 hrs gone it needs to have time to expand fully and allow odor to leave they recommend 48 hrs .before using. I may buy another one before to long.
I'm 5'10 200lbs (not all fat, lol) and around the chest/shoulder area it feels like I hit the floor when I lay on my side. If you have a old mattress I would not toss it until you try this mattress because you may want to use it as a top notch topper.
For the price you can't beat it. It has value to it
The mattress is comfortable when first laying down, then by morning it feels flat. hence memory foam
It took a couple of days getting used to from a waterbed mattress but it is comfortable and warm.I used my waterbed frame and it has worked out fine with just the memory foam and a 2 inch topper that I had.Do follow the directions given for the mattress.
I purchased the Spa Sensation Memory Foam King size mattress. I am petite but my husband is 6'1" and 278 pounds. We find it extremely comfortable and sturdy so far. We also purchased the metal base to support the mattress. The only thing that we are trying to get used to is the height off the floor. Our old bed was an old fashioned style bed that was high off the ground. We also owned a TempurPedic. I would recommend this mattress especially for people on a budget. There was absolutely no chemical smell and it expanded evenly right away. I plan on purchasing more in the future to replace our other mattresses.
The mattress is very firm. Even though I read the other comments that said the same, it was still firmer than expected and I now have a feather topper on it. The mattress is also longer than my bed frame by about an inch but it looks like it would squish to fit a head/foot board. Mine did have a slight smell to it.
Liking this mattress so far, after a week. Good value !!
Amazing to see king size mattress come in such a small box. Took about 2 days to fully expand and still did not expand to 8". Top and bottom are just above 7" and sides are at 6 3/4". Not going to complain....my husband and I have slept great since. My 19 month old loves it too! He started sleeping through the night. Wish they made crib size. It did smell weird for couple of days but went away. Just have a window open and a fan going.
box to bed in zero time, that's easy
I ordered this mattress because my budget was limited but I am so surprised at the quality and so happy with my purchase. I've never had a memory foam mattress before but I've had memory foam mattress toppers on cheap dorm room mattresses and this is so many times better than that. I sleep comfortably at night, and being someone who flails around at night trying to crack my back because of back problems, this has really helped me stay asleep at night. I would recommend this mattress to anyone and would definitely repurchase if I ever needed another mattress! Hoping it lasts!

When it first arrives, the box is so small it's almost impossible to believe a mattress is in there. DON'T WORRY! It's in there. Let it air out for a couple of hours (I left mine for 6) and it becomes more "fluffy" and expands to its true size.
It shipped within 2 days, in time for my guest's arrival. The box was so small I thought I may have orderred the wrong size mattress. I unpacked according to the easy instructions. I tried it the next day and it is perfect. I just wish it came with free pillows!
Fast delivery. Good mattress for my daybed and very comfortable.
We love the bed. It's better then what we had, a cheap 7yo box spring pillow top. I'm not sure how long the comfort will last... But for now... It's great!
Arrived quickly. This is the 2nd Spa Sensations mattress I have purchased. My son sleeps on his every day so when he moved out I bought this one for the guest room.
It wasn't as deep as I wanted so I gave it to my Son to use. He says it sleeps really comfortable.
Replaced an over 20 year old mattress and found source of aches and sleeplessness ... the blasted 20 year old mattress! The memory foam mattress appears after only 3 nights use to be very well constructed but over packed. Opening instructions sealed in a very sticky envelope that was more difficult to open than the packing bag.
Purchased for our guest room, and this mattress sits on top of a foundation and another mattress, so the overall height of all 3 pieces is great! Received the mattress much faster than expected, so that was a PLUS right up front! Followed all the instructions exactly ~ however it DID NOT reach a full 8 inches. It's 7.5 inches. I have not spent a full night on the mattress, but our guests that have, assure me it is VERY comfortable!
Had the mattress actually expanded to a full 8 inches, as advertised, I would certainly have given it 5 stars!
I will summarize by saying that I still would recommend this to friends and family. Wish I had been given a recommendation sooner!
I've been sleeping with this mattress for 2 months now. No problem at all.
it is nice and comfortable.
Great buy for a spare room! Would opt for the thicker mattress for a main bed.
Expanded to full 8". Did not smell. Delivery was fast. Only thing we don't like is it's hard for a memory foam.
its a comfortable mattress but it is a little bit bigger then a full size it doesn't fit my full size box spring is maybe an inch too wide
Reasonable price but package too tight so hard to take out. Everything good soft very comfy
I did as the instruction and it is indeed reached 8". It took me 2 or 3 nights to feel comfort with the mattress, but it feels good afterwards. Actually this is the first time I use memory foam mattress, feels a lot different than the usual one, so needs to get use to it somehow.
It is an overall great matress, was surprised at quality.
Loved the direct shipping. Product was as expected
Nice mattress...Not very firm.
They loved it and very excited to sleep on it every night.
Got this for my 2 little girls, who insist on sleeping in the same bed, instead of the 2 seperate beds we originally got them. Set could not have been easier-just opened the box and unrolled. They love it and I've layer on it a few times-seems pretty comfy to me. For our purposes, it's exactly what we needed /wanted and a very good value.
This bed is very good for people who have limited budget, but still have unlimited comfort. I recommend this bed for all.
We have only had this product out of the box for a week. But, I love it. Both of us think we are sleeping better. Soft, but not too soft. Only thing keeping me from rating five stars, is the cover over the mattress. Sort of cheap, will fall apart, I'm sure. But considering the price, what a great buy. We got the king size and are using it on an old box springs, for the time being. Will probably upgrade in a few months. Beware about opening box, until you are in the room where you want it to be. We made mistake of taking out of box to move up the stairs, mattress started expanding immediately, breaking the plastic covering and making much harder to move.
The spa sensation mattress is very comfortable
It is comfortable
Nice soft mattress. Good support with no hard spots on hips and shoulders. It is also warmer than a traditional mattress and box spring.
I have a bad back from doing stunt work and have trouble sleeping in any position except on my back, which I can't do all night or my back gets stiff and sore. This bed is better than my last bed which was designed for people with bad backs. It is firm but not too firm. It gives me support while being comfortable, including when I sleep on my side. This is a great value for the price. I am very happy.
cute and comfortable and great for the price.
Just recieved this mattress a few days ago and it holds up to the other great reviews that I read. I am curious to see how well it holds up over time.
Really comfy, I was pleasantly surprised, memory foam is way more comfortable than any 'regular' mattress I've ever had. It's a good deal for the $$. It comes in a box you would never think a mattress would ever fit in, but it's all compacted and folded. When you take it out, it starts to expand, it takes a few hours for it to fully expand to normal size. Would I rather have an original Tempurpedic? Hells yes! But...this is a good 'knock-off'.
Good and very relaxing, and firm on the back.
Met expectations. I like my bed soft. It could've been a little softer.
It does get very hot, I will be investing in the cool gel topper. Other than that it is super comfortable...it's a struggle to get up and go to work now
Mattress exactly matches the description. As others have mentioned, there was a small stench to the bed for a few days. However, the smell went away. Very comfortable.
Its worth the money and nice one to sleep.
A lot firmer than expected. For bad backs, this is ok. I was expecting a softer feeling than the SPA mattress is.
For the price you really can't go wrong. Although, if you are wanting a mattress you sink into, this is NOT it!! It is a very firm mattress, not what I was expecting, BUT I do have a very good sleep on it. I have never liked firm mattress, I find they always make my back ache, but not the case here. I wake up without one ache or pain. I bought the twin and full size for my sons bunk beds and he has a good sleep on them as well.
As recommended by others, I opened the box and let the mattress air out for 2 days. There was no odor when I placed it on the bed frame. You do sleep warmer on this type of mattress, but I have adapted. Since I weigh in at 250 lbs, I was concerned that an 8 inch mattress would not be thick enough, but I was wrong, it is plenty. This product is an excellent value when you consider the cost of a Temperpedic.
I purchased the Queen size version of this mattress. Shipped actually the day before FedEx actually anticipated its arrival which was nice. Had a hiccup, but customer service was amazing in helping me resolve the issue quick and painlessly. As for the mattress, I should have probably went with the 10 inch considering I weigh about 250lbs, but cannot quantify how much better my sleep has been since this purchase. The 48 hours the company suggests letting the mattress air out might be more like 72 hours, but besides that I highly recommend this.
Mattress was delivered on time, in good condition, and with friendly service. I am pleased with the product, and will order another one of different size soon. I would recommend this product to anyone needing a firm mattress.
I bought this for my son because he was always complaining about his mattress not being comfortable. He mattress was only four years old and was a good mattress far from the cheap brands.
He also was wanting to sleep in my bed all the time which was a hassle. Anyway I was not going to spend over a $1000 for him a matress when his was still in good shape. Looked at the web and a topper from a popular brand was still going to run me about $300. I decided on this product and was amazed the size of the box it came. Could not believe that it was that small of a box. Took it home unwrapped it set it up. Really did not have a odor at all. It did not take very long at all for it to expand to the full 8". He slept on it about 48 hours later and he loves it. He actually wants to go to his bed now. He is 10 so that is saying something when a 10 year old wants to go to bed. In about two years if his bed is holding up and still in good shape I will purchace the 12" bed for myself. Also got the matress protector for this bed but have not needed the protection so far. Kinda of funny the box the mattress pad protector was just slightly smaller tha what the bed came in. I would reccomend this product to everyone. Even if it only last about three years and I am not saying that is the life of the mattress, you can buy about 5 of these compared to the Tempurpedic. Happy sleeping everbody.
This product had less memory foam and more standard foam than I was expecting...but my kids love them. They come in light, compact, easy-to-fit-in-your-car boxes, and are made of quality materials. I also liked that the mattress cover has a zipper so that it can be washed separately if need be. It is a little pricey...but definitely delivers when it comes to quality, portability, and comfort.
Got for my younger brother. Its pretty comfy I guess since he's a lighter size person it supports him well. Very soft and got to shape pretty quickly
Mattress arrived in rolled up form. Expanded immediately upon un-wrap. No residual odor from the foam that I noticed. Very comfortable and good quality for what it costs.
Very confortable and firm enough. Great for price! I would buy it again!
Soft and great! No too firm. Does take a while to inflate to full size
It's not as thick as I figured it would be. My 3yr old likes it but in my opinion, her bed is hard to be a memory foam.
Got it for the guest room. Really happy with delivery time.
I have been using the King size mattress for over 2 weeks now and so far it's been a good experience. I got this one for $220 and it has been worth the money...
I bought this mattress for my daughter's college apartment. I did not want to spend alot on furnishings. The price was just right. I did not use a box spring, placed on top of bed slats. It took approximately 1 week to fully inflate. This may be because we had the mattress in it's box for 3 weeks before opening it. Read the instructions and was informed I was supposed to open within 72 hours of delivery (oops). I slept on the bed with her and I felt it was very plush. I don't know how people can say it's too firm. My husband has a bad back and likes to sleep on an extremely firm mattress, so I know the difference. My daughter loves it! She doesn't want to get out of bec in the morning. Would highly suggest to purchase.
Bought this mattress for a college apartment. I was concerned after reading some of the negative reviews. The mattress arrived promptly and setting it up was easy, just opened the box and removed the plastic cover. It was firm but comfortable to sleep on, I had no problem sleeping on it. It's a good mattress for college or a spare room, I would not recommend it for long term use or for anyone who is older to use on a regular passes.
He likes the comfort and size.
Shipping was fast and it had a great price.
The way your back feels when you first switch to a memory foam from a spring matress is unbelievable. The 8inch matress, I have had for four months now, is still holding very well and I have noticed no sag or slouch in the material. I would rate it 4/5 and recommend to anyone.
The convenience and cost it why I like this mattress. I saw reviews saying the bed never expanded to eight inches, or was even with creases. I did not have this problem. I opened it immediately and it expanded quickly to full size, prefect square, no lumps. When I measured mine, from the bottom of my box spring to the top of the mattress it's eight inches thick. I'm just glad to have a California king sized mattress without having to pay $500 - $700 .
I was surprised when it arrived in a box but it opened and expanded in the two days as the box says. It is a comfortable mattress. We have a vacation rental unit so our guests tried it out first and seemed to love it. They said they would be returning to stay again soon. We tried it and really liked it ourselves and will probably buy another one for our daughter.
This mattress seems firm yet soft. Haven't used it long enough to give a full assessment but so far so good. Seems like a quality product. Just needs to be aired a bit.
I bought this mattress for my 11 yr dgr for xmas to go with her new full sz bed she saids it really soft and comfortable. I slept on it one night to make sure and I must say I had to order me one in a qz but in 12in
Have to give it a good quality mark . Its a firm mattress . Wife thinks its to hard an I sink into it a like . With my spinal issues its i cant lay in one spot for to long or my pain goes threw the roof . Other then that if i didnt have the issue or lay on it for a short time its a comfy mattress .
I ordered this 8" mattress after I ordered (and returned) a 6" mattress that never fully decompressed, not even close to 6", and was very smelly. This mattress decompressed almost instantaneously (pretty cool!) and has very little smell; I only gave it 4 stars because my son it wasn't that great to sleep on. This is for a guest bed, so hopefully it'll be okay for just a few nights' sleep. A hint I found online suggested that the newer the mattress, the better the decompression; the first mattress I received was dated 1/14, whereas this mattress was dated 8/28/14.
The foam mattress expanded nicely - but it is very firm and is still smelly (though the instructions stated that the odor would dissipate in a few hours). With that being said, I shall keep it. I placed a softer 3" memory foam atop the newly purchased 8" (memory foam) mattress. I am not registering it because the registration asks questions for future marketing ploys.
Soft and nice
I orginally wanted to purchase my new bed from IKEA, but the reviews for the products and stores were awful. I looked around on Walmart.com and the reviews for this mattress were very helpful. The mattress shipped faily quickly and I had it in about a week. There was a slight ordor to it, but it does begin to expand right away and the odor disappears within a couple of days. I thought it was little hard at first, but the mattress has grown on me. It is stiff but also soft at the same time. My boyfriend loves sleeping on my bed now. The only negative would be that the mattress is a bit too small for the platform that I ordered. But the full is a great purchase, and definitely worth the money!
I bought this Mattress for an extra bed. Really like that a box spring is not needed. No real smell when box was opened. It arrived fast and easy to open. Just be careful so you don't use a knife and cut into mattress. It is firm and it needs heat to get softer. After using it for 2 weeks now it is getting softer but I would recommend to buy a topper if you are looking for a softer feel. I tried to put a padded cover over it for protection but that does not appear to work with a memory foam mattress. So I took that off and just have a sheet on it now. I would recommend this mattress. Good buy.
instructions said remove from shipping bag frist . 3 of us could not do that =had to cut it out. not happy with the packing but i can understand why it is done the way it is .. the mattress is [after a week ] only 7 inches / the good parts is fitted sheets fit . to sleep on it is very good . should not pass this on up .. mine is full size .
Perfect for what I needed!
My daughter has only slept in it once so far but said its comfortable. It did have a slight smell but just left the window open to air out. I see reviews saying it only went to 6 inches but I periodically went in the room to lift the cover at the corners and kind of hit it as if I was fluffing it like a pillow and it went to its 8"
Order a queen size for my son he loves it! Great price and comfortable.Only down side is it's not true size it should be an 8" Thick but the bed only expand to 7". Over all we are happy with it.
I bought this mattress for my son in college, so when I had to buy one for my daughter I went ahead and bought the same one. I like the mattress and it is a great for the value. However, neither mattress expanded to the full 8 inches as promised. I followed the instructions by taking it out of the box within 3 days laying it out and unrolling it as stated. Let it expaned for the 48 hours as directed but only got to 6 3/4"-7". It is a comfortable mattress but should have paid for the 6" not 8"
Great product for the price. The mattress is firm so it took me a couple nights to get used to that but once I did I slept like a baby. I was used to sleeping on an over-priced pillowtop mattress which I was not happy with and it came with NO comfort warranty so I slept on it for two years before I decided I had had enough of it.
My new mattress is light which makes making the bed easy and easier to move the furniture around the room. I highly recommend this mattress if you are on a tight budget or not.
Bought this for my 12-year old who has sensory disorder and could no longer stand sleeping on inner-spring mattress. He LOVES sleeping on this and is sleeping better, longer and more soundly than he has in a long time!
Only issue is the initial smell - very strong chemical odor which I've experienced with most "memory foam" and latex mattresses. I use an air purifier in his room that took care of it fairly quickly.
I have no doubt I will have to replace this sooner than the $1500 beds out there, but for the price it is an excellent choice, and Wal-Mart's service and warranty is always a plus!
This bed has a great price but I would have gone with a thicker mattress if I did it all over again. Those extra inches really count!
Nice mattress, very confortable. A bit thinner than I expected, but still very nice to sleep on.
Came in a very timely manner. The box was very heavy, and I couldn't pull it out of the box or bag, so I had to cut it out. I recommend letting it air out for ATLEAST 2 days, as the smell is pretty terrible, and leaves a bad in taste in your mouth. After it goes away, though, the bed is very comfortable.
overall it is a bit too soft for me. If you like harder beds ( i am not talking about wooden-board hard, but just firm ) this is not bed for you. It is soft. I weight 150 pounds, and if feels like I sink too much - overall, not bad purchase for 250 bucks.

It still smells after 2 weeks.
I looked at a lot of places to find a reasonably priced memory foam mattress. My 8 year old lay on one in a store and fell in love with it. We needed it for her new bunk bed. I thought I can buy one mattress and if she likes it I can buy an additional one for the top bunk. The result was she loved it and we will buy another through the site-to-store process. It was perfect. The other reviews talked of the smell, and it really wasn't all that bad, and disappeared within hours.
Sleeps great.
We are pleased overall but the mattress is firmer than we expected.
Bought this thinking great it gonna be thin as paper for the price, but actually did rise up 8" and must say I am a little person and probably could have slept comfortably on the bed but went ahead and bought the 4" topper from the same company and could not sleep any better, trust me I do not move.
I bought 2 for guests. Two friends state that it is very comfortable. I would buy them again. Mattress is a great value.
I didn't expect it to be so firm, but I have gotten used to it.
Make sure to air out the mattress for the maximum time because it tends to have a smell.
The price was very good.
I'm pleased with this product.
this is not an replacement for regular bed, looks good, and comfortable to sleep, good for guest room. i feel it is too soft.
After considering both a Bob-o-Pedic twin mattress and cheaper/thinner foam mattresses, I bit the bullet and sprang for the 8" Spa Sensations with an Ikea bed platform. Very happy with the results. The mattress expanded to its full thickness almost immediately upon removal from its shipping box. It's very comfortable, and I sleep well -- can't ask for more than that.
My husband and I like the mattress a lot. It's comfortable, but it had some dark spots. I don't know if it was a return or what. I felt like returning it, but my husband told me we could just clean it. Which we did ...
Can't really say much about this mattress since I just got it except that it's worth the price and very comfortable. Bought this for my daughter since she needed a new mattress replacement.
I was truly amazed at how great this mattress felt. I recently had back surgery and I was having a difficult time sleeping because I could not find a position that was comfortable. This mattress made all difference in the world. I was able to sleep with very little discomfort on this mattress.
For the price, you can't beat Spa Sensations. My only issue is the even expansion. Luckily for me, the only place the mattress didn't fully come back to original shape is one small spot in the lower corner. Doesn't bother me. Overall, I'm please with the mattress it's comfortable, attractive, and affordable!
Never wake up this fresh when we use spring mattress, make us want to sleep more. For the price that we paid and the comfortable that we got, all I can say is beyond expectation..
Very comfortable, however it's hot. Definitely need a gel type cover.
The foam is ok, but there's a weird smell kind a like a chemical smell...
We bought this for our guest room but ended up moving it into the master bedroom in place of a high-end mattress we already had. It is so comfortable, and the price can't be beat. I didn't rate 5 stars only because the chemical smell never fully evaporated after I let it air out for several days before dressing the bed.
So I (well hubby) was searching to downsize from a cali king to a queen and we heard all the rave about the memory foam mattresses, so I began shopping around a bit and ran across this one. I was hesitant about ordering without trying it out but I go by reviews and this had excellant reviews so decided to just go for it. Shipping was fast, and upon opening I did not smell the over powering smell as I have read in some reviews and I have a very sensitive nose ;o) so the smell was no issue for us. We also didn't allow several hours for bed to rise, really only took a couple of hours. We do not have a box spring under ours and it feels just fine. My husband LOVES this mattress more than myself. I guess I just had to adjust but after a month I began to get use to it. My issue could be coming from a cali king (pillow top) had to do a little with it, so I had more of a roomy issue than comfort issue. I will tell you though that I cannot feel any movement my husband may make when getting in & out of the bed which is GREAT since I am a light sleeper, our pillow top is very "moveable" as far as thats concerned. All in all I am pleased with the purchase but will just have to get use sleeping in a queen size. I would def recommend!!
Good looks and comfortable
I am very pleased with this product. The mattress is firm and it helps my back.
I liked my twin mattress so much that when it was time to upgrade I went with the queen sized Memory Foam Mattress. My queen approved it.
Its comfortable,not too rigid not too soft. Good value for money.I have a back problem but this works good for me,because I can't afford expensive brands. Kids like it too..........
Great mattress for the price!! My wife and I actually waited a couple of nights before sleeping on it so that it could reshape itself. This bed will have you sleeping like a baby from day one.
It came quickly, expanded as promised, and after the sheets etc I do not notice a smell. We bought it as a cheap emergency measure because my husband rarely slept well and was always cranky. I used to sleep pretty well despite our old inner spring mattress. Now I wake up rested but I never want to get out of bed so I just roll over and go back to sleep. That causes me to get too much sleep and be more tired. My husband now sleeps extrememly well but still sleeps a lot because he is getting SUCH good sleep that he doesnt want to get out either. I suggest that you have a busy schedule if you want to buy this bed because otherwise you will sleep WAY too much!
Really thought that this product wouldn't be what i wanted.but as it turn out it was pretty good for the price.Maybe not as comfortable as the more expensive memory foam mattress but just as good for the price.I am very pleased with my purchase of this product.
The bed was exactly how they described it on line. After I opened the bed it expanded to the full 8" just like they said it would. I didn't have any issues with it not being even or the corners not fully expanding to the 8". I think the bed is a great buy. The only negative thing is the bed was too soft for me. I sleep on my belly so my body was creating a U shape when I was sleeping which made my back hurt.
Love this matress...Slept soooooooooooooooooo comfortably when I got it...Definitely worth the price! Have already recommended this item 2 a few...

RECOMMEND: I took the matress out of the box and let it air out for a day or two with the window open. I also washed the exterior cover before I placed the item on my bed and slept on it...
It took only a short time to expand and had just a slight smell. The mattress cover is nice. It is just a little too firm for me, but we put our 4 inch memory foam mattress topper on it. Now it is perfect.
i needed a twin mattress for my younger brother. and he appreciates it very much. So good deal i got. And you dont have to wait for it fluff up as once you take the mattress out of the package right away it rises to 8".
I really like memory foam. A little warm though. I like to sleep a little cooler. Wish i would have got the gel infused top layer one so i would be a little more comfortable while i slept.
Ive had this for about 3 weeks now and I am adjusting to mattress without springs. I am sleeping well I must say. Its kinda hard and soft but again I sleep well. Mine did not expand to 8 i will say. It went to about 7 or 7 1/2 and I did wait 24hrs before I got on it. I also got the slumber 1 queenframe and brought a mattress topper. I definitely would recommend to others. last note smell wasnt that bad, its just like a factory smell when something is new
It's an amazing bed and my daughter loves it, but it took almost 3 days to rise to what it was supposed to be when it says it only takes 10 hours.
A "big girl" bed was an unexpected expense for my two-year-old, who rapidly outgrew a toddler one. I purchased this mattress thinking, how can I go wrong for a thirty-pound kid? What I didn't expect was that it would rival my own MUCH MORE EXPENSIVE gel memory-foam mattress for comfort.

This is a firmer mattress, but not a "hard" one. It gives a little for comfort, then stays put beneath you without feeling like a rock. I was suuuuuuuuuuper skeptical when it arrived in a small box. How could this possibly work?? But it totally does, just as the video shows. It grows when you unfurl it.

I do wish I'd sprung for a thicker one, only because it doesn't seem very tall on a bed frame. But my kid can climb up on it herself, so that's a bonus.

I really do recommend this for a kid, a guest room, a trundle...perhaps not for your own every day mattress if you are adult-sized--but, that said, I might recommend trying one of the thicker variety in this brand. It's a great value!
This is probably one of the best mattresses I've ever owned. It is really comfortable and only time will tell if it is also durable. The new smell is a little annoying but will go away with time. The only reason a star is missing is because it is not the 8in. the description stated it would be. More like 6.
Laid it on the bed opened bag and it took about 20 minutes to expand to about 7.3 inch high of the full 8 in. It fells great to sleep on and my wife loves it.
The mattress is very warm and comfortable, although, i am a little disappointed that it is not as soft as I had imagined it would be. It really doesn't seem to conform to my body.
This is the second mattress I purchased like this, my older one (which was left with my ex when we split) was a 12 inch, I find not much of a difference in this 8 inch one. They are nice mattresses for the money. The only problem I had with them, is that they are very firm and I prefer a softer mattress, but for the price, it's worth buying a memory foam mat for on top of it. It softens it up and makes it 20x more comfortable.
I was pleasantly suprised to see that the mattress was encased in a removable cover. One quick zipper and its out, and the cover is machine washable. It arrived ahead of schedule and in good condition.
This product feels great to sleep on but did not fit right on the box spring I got California king size but was just king size disappointed with that but feels great
Very comfortable. Great for a guest room. The corners never really gained their square shape but the rest of the bed expanded nicely and is great to sleep on.
so comfortable feels expensive love it
Very soft and looks good.
For the first time in months I finally got a good night sleep
Good Price for a FIRM matress.Offers lots of support,but seems TOO hard for me,so i only give it 4 stars,instead of 5.Otherwise,it is a pretty good mattress for the price,And I WOULD RECOMMEND it to others.
My husband and I love this mattress. It is a very firm mattress something we both wanted. It is a great product for the price. It did smell at first but neither one of us was bothered by the smell. Great product
I bought this mattress for my son's college apt. I also bought the frame to go with it. No box spring necessary. This mattress is very comfortable and is a reasonable price. The only negative thing I can say is that it never did expand to the full 8". I think it got to about 7 1/8.
I WILL RECOMMEND THIS MATTRESS ,
I ordered this mattress for my 60 year old brother. He has been bothered with back issues for some time and was sleeping on a MF topper placed on the floor. Now he is back in bed at night - he is still in a trial period but I think for the money, this is a very good purchase!
Definelty worth the buy! I recieved my new mattress and I am pleased with my purchase. Was a little hesitate having not tested out the mattress out myself but haven't been disapointed. The price is right and the quality great. Is definetly a firmer mattress so those who want a soft squishie memory foam this is not the one. It does have a little give but overall this is definetly a firm mattress but I've been sleeping great. Very comfortable.
The mattress is as promised. I think this is a great mattress for someone small. If you're 180 lbs or more I'd recommend getting one of the thicker mattresses.
We bought this mattress for our daughter's queen size bed. It took at least a week for it it to expand so that was somewhat disappointing. However, once it fully expanded, it was very comfortable. My daughter loves it and says that it is so comfortable that "I don't want to get out of bed!"
We purchased a new platform bed .. So upon reading the reviews we decided to try it..To my surprise the mattress is wonderfully comfortable !!!! Only thing it didn't raise to 8" only 6"
This is a great buy. This is my first memory foam purchases. Very happy.
Inflates to size in about 6 hours. Weighed about 100 lbs. Definately need 2 people to lift and set into place.
My first memory foam mattress, that being said it's not exactly what I had expected. While it certainly *is* comfortable, and it does a great job at relieving back pain, every morning when I wake up I feel the need to stretch. While this certainly isn't a bad thing and may only be related to me, it sorta caught me off guard since someone that I know has the same mattress and they think its the greatest thing in the world.

Oh, and the smell does take a while to go away...
We bought this mattress to go with the bunk bed.
It fits great and my picky twelve year old son
Doesn't stop raving about it. I was worried
About the quality because the cost was pretty cheap
but it's a great value.
This bed feels great, my first memory foam and I'll never buy inner spring again! It expanded a little uneven but not noticeable when made and doesn't affect comfort.
I bought this mattress after reading a lot of the reviews both positive and negative. I choose this one because it seemed to be about the same as other options from other sources for more money.

It's been 2 weeks and I can tell you that although it's certainly not the most comfortable mattress I've ever slept on I do feel a LOT better when I wake up in the morning. There is very little stiffness where as before with my old spring mattress it took me a good 20 minutes after waking up to feel 'normal'.

Let me also mention that I am using a 2.5" Memory Foam Topper from Costco on top of this mattress.

For the price you cant beat this IMO. I use it with the SpaSensations Smart Base and it really is working out well. Again, much firmer than I would prefer but if I wake up feeling this good everyday I gotta give it 2 thumbs up!
Purchased for my son - 6'5" very comfortable and affordable
good product, purchased for my son, sleeps comfortable
Although nice and firm...I would not recommend for an adult unless you're really on a budget. Not a bad mattress but the durability is not there for the average adult weight and size. I would recommend going a little thicker and I'm 170 lbs.
Honestly didn't expect this mattress to be all that good but i love it ! Great value overall..
Great mattress but never reached it's full 8'' - even after letting it settle for a week. It's comfortable and was a reasonable deal.
It does have a chemical smell for the first few days and it takes a few days to completely recover from being vacuum-packed, but other than that, I have no complaints. It is comfortable, does not make me hot as some reviewers mentioned, and the price is absolutely unbeatable.
I purchased this for my son and have fell it love with it myself. I will be purchasig a queen size for myself very soon.
took a chance and bought this online.Needed something for spare room. boy was I surprised. Everyone just loves this mattress. I would not hesitate to buy this for my own bed. I do sleep in it sometimes when hubby snores a little much. also bought the steel frame.
I have only had my mattress about a week now and i'm loving it. It is very comfortable. My mattress was only out of the package about 6 hours and it was fully ready to sleep on. I did not notice any smell. love it!!!
Good for the price
at first we bought a 6"foam mattress which was a disappointment We returned that to walmart,
WALMART SHOULD STATE THE CORRECT SIZE.THE 6 INCH WAS BARELY 5 INCH THICK.
WE GOT THE 8"INCH WHICH IS LESS THAN 8 INCH BUT IT WILL BE OK FOR MY GRAND DAUGHTER
THE WIDTH IS NOT AS ADVERTIZED,BUT WE WILL KEEP IT. It leaves a gap on the side.

It's too much trouble to repack and lug it back to walmart.

thank you

EJPP
As every other person would do, I ordered this mattress after going through a lot of reviews. The way the package arrived, I was fearing a total waste of my money. It was horribly packed, and there was a different 'code' printed on the warranty card from what I saw online. But being optimistic, I opened it up. It took about 15-20 minutes to set it up. There were no odor issues. And I have been using it for a couple of months now and I have had no issues so far. It is very comfortable to sleep on. I literally sleep like a log and have no complaints. I would recommend this product any day.
Well I haven't had this bed Long. I would say its been a month and I love it. I have the king size bed and paid $230 free shipping to my home.

Pros:
-Just like a regular memory foam mattress it forms to the body
-very comfortable
-took only 3 hours to fully rise (though I waited longer just to be safe)
-it is firm but not as firm as most people had said it is. To me it felt a lot more plush than i expected and it does soften up more over time
-it comes with a 5 year warranty

Cons: (which to me I don't care bout these but some people might)
-It does hold heat in comparison to a spring mattress not A LOT of heat but it is warmer
(I sleep with jersey sheets and a micro plush blanket and a human furnace for a husband so this doesn't bother me at all)
-It is noticeably cheaper looking than a regular mattress (it looks like layers of foam with a zip up cover to hold them all in place)
-it does have a smell that goes away within a day or so its not pungent just a light smell

SO If you need a bed don't have a lot of cash to blow But still want something comfortable and is (as far as I can tell) very durable and seems to be lasting. This is a good value You can't beat it and if you hate it u can cut it up and make a couch out of it or something.
Very cozy well built mattress. I love it. After using it for a couple of months I felt that I had back pains when I woke up in the morning. My wife also had the same complaint and I felt, might be this memory foam mattress might not work for us. We were using this memory foam mattress on the floor without any boxspring or a bed frame. simply on the floor. Then I decided to give a try by using the box spring below this mattress. That worked !! Now I'm having a comfortable warm sleep everyday and I wake up fresh in the morning. No more back pains. I'm not sure the box spring fixed the issue. But Now i'm really happy about my purchase. Really a good nice affordable price MF mattress for the money. I bought a 8" mattress and after unpacking and left it for 2 days, it raised to almost 7.5" inches. .5" inches + or - works for me anyways.
I have a bad back and sleep on my side . I find this mattress to meet my needs perfectly!
I bought this bed to have a place to sleep at my kid's place and it worked out wonderful. It was easy for them to pick up and get to the apartment and it was very comfortable. The only complaint I have is that it is very warm and I would recommend a good mattress pad.
Still a faint smell after a week, however, nothing major. Sleeps good!
Helps relieve pressure points. The smell wasn't strong and went away after 48 hours. Right size. Not too firm, not too soft. Good bed.
Got quick shipment on the mattress. Took it out of the box and let it sit overnight. The next morning it was ready to use. It is comfortable, however after using it for a couple of weeks it is a little harder than I thought it might be, not too hard but firm. I like the feel of memory form but think I should have gotten the 10 inch mattress.
The mattress is very good. From all the reviews I read, expected it to be harder, but it isn't as hard for me when I sleep on it. But for my 6 yo daughter's comfort, it is just perfect. As all mem foam mattresses, it came coiled up in a small package that expanded to almost the full size in 2 hrs. It was an 8inch mattress, but when I measure after full expansion, I think it did fall a half inch short. The instructions mentioned that it should be opened within 48 hours which we did not read. We opened it after a week, so, perhaps the 0.5 inch expansion was a result of this?

Hardly any odor after opening. Left it unused for a day and then put it to use on the top bunk on slats and it doesn't really depress between slats, which I liked.

My daughter likes the mattress and we are happy with the purchase
I have some serious issues with my shoulder and back and it has resulted in chronic pain. I've tried many kinds of beds, waterbeds, futons, pillow-tops, regular spring mattresses. Nothing seemed to work right. I had two mattresses ruined by the same person, and when it came time to replace the one I had I decided I would research memory foam. I spent a great deal of time online researching the cost of this slumber option, and was beginning to suspect that it was well beyond my budget. Then on a whim I tried Wal-mart and a few other similar competitors. No one could beat the prices at WM and the reviews were pretty great. When a full month had passed of sleeping on a recliner, I came up with the funds to purchase a mattress, platform frame, and bedding. Based on the reviews I read, I chose the 8" option for the mattress and my other items. The total cost of the items I chose Came to 351.00 and some change with free shipping on all items. I was able to set the items up for myself in under an hour. The main issue I had was that the mattress was shipped with read 8" on the box, but it only expanded to 6" after the waiting period. Emailing support did not help. I called a local store and was given a 800 # to address the issue, and when I called I told them I would keep the 6" as I did not want to wait any longer to sleep in a bed again. So they refunded my card the price difference of the mattresses. The 6" option is perfectly comfortable and since getting the bed I am not experiencing nearly as much pain during the night or when I wake up. I am very happy with this mattress so far and surprised that such a thin mattress provides such great support. I have added the other products I purchase and will be reviewing them as well.
Its very comfortable,sleep well on it.
I live in Hawaii and didn't expect to get this mattress for at least a week. It came in three days! I was so impressed by the service. The mattress itself was good quality for the price. I bought the bed for my son, and he sleeps soundly at night. I've had it for about 2 weeks, and I have no complaints. There is a slight smell, but it wears off in time. It shouldn't be a deal breaker for anyone.
This mattress came really fast, I unwrapped as per instructions and it is great, it is barely 8" deep, but sleeps well, it is a little less firm than I was expecting, but was a great value for the price.
After sleeping on a very hard mattress for many years, it took a few days to get used to this softer one, but I get a good nights sleep and it is comfortable. It had a nice cover and I hope lasts many years.
I didn't have alot to spend, but still wanted a good mattress. This actually is a good find! Only had it a week, but so far so good! Hope it stays that way. Not used to getting something good for a great price!
Comes with a cover. Recoils well. Large and high. Fully satisfactory.
We got this for our 3 year old. We have the 12 inch mattress and she always liked our bed so why not get her the same mattress for her bed. I will say ours didn't last very long on the firmness, but we are hoping hers stands up better.
The bed is really nice. It was easy to set up, and it is super soft. Almost too soft. It is nice to just lay on to relax, but for me personally it is too soft to sleep on. I will definitely be looking into another mattress soon. It is what I expected for memory foam though, so if you want something soft that you will sink right into, then this is the bed for you. I didn't want memory foam anyway, I am a firm bed kind of gal...the memory foam was my boyfriends decision, and he loves the bed.
Good mattress for the price. Add a mattress topper to make it softer.
Great mattress
The item arrived earlier then the estimate date and it was an issue cause I was moving from another state to CA. Anyways, I did not allow the memory foam to fulky form, it said 48 hours? So the first night when I slept on it, I woke up really sore but the night after that, it was better and its gotten better each day, isn't as firm as it use to be
My Wife has back pain, she never used to sleep on any bed. But after buying this, she feels comfortable sleeping on this bed and she does not feel the back pain.
I didn't rate it top only because it hasn't been used ...it's on a guest bed. A bit firm for me but it's very nice...never did have an odor past 2 hours. Puffed up and was very nice to look at as well..if you need a reasonably priced mattress for a guest room or prefer a firm mattress I'd recommend it.
I bought this product based on the reviews, and thought this was overall a good product. But it is little softer than expected, and I can feel the body being bent while sleeping. It also absorbs body heat, so it doesnt seem to be a good mattress for summer. I will recommend this product with caution.
I ordered this mattress for my teenage daughter. She is one year from going to college, yet always has friends sleep over and they were squeezing into her full. She loves it, and it is superior comfort and quality for the low price. We just put her old mattress under her bed and they pull that out as extra sleeping when needed. We put it on her platform full/queen bed, with no box spring (which is what i would recommend. Very satisfied!
I was skeptical about buying a mattress in a box, but it went above my expectations. It fluffed out pretty quickly, fit perfectly, and is nice and firm. So far no issues. I'd definitely recommend it.
Quite good for the price.Also shipping was lightning fast.Probably it came in just two days!I appreciate their shipping.
nice mattress arrived before estimated date
I am very pleased with this purchase. My mother in law just spent the weekend and said the mattress is very comfy!
This mattress has just the right amount of firmness and is extremely comfortable. Had it for a week and there is still a slight chemical smell from the foam but it lessens daily
For the price, this mattress is soft, durable. Very satisfied with purchase
I ordered this mattress and when it arrived both myself and my significant other fell in love. The mattress is form fitting, allows for great rest, and everything I'dexpected.
My fear was realized buying this. Too firm. I am not going to give it a bad review since this is all relative. It does appear to be a good quality mattress. When I press my hand down on the bed it sinks way in and when I lay on it I do feel myself sinking in a bit. However, it's too firm. My back pain is no different from the old pillowtop mattress we were using for too many years. Our guest bedroom has a pillowtop that is extremely firm and we added a cheap 2'' foam pad to it. That cheap topper is much more comfy than this Spa Sensations bed. My wife also thinks it's too firm. Maybe we need to be heavier! I'm 140 pounds and my wife weighs much less than that. We are keeping it, but now I'm shopping a foam topper to make it softer.
Comfortable. Affordable. Great value for the price.
This bed was much less expensive than anything comparable I could find in local "discount" mattress stores. A local discount chain had a Serta branded mattress that was identical to this one (6" foam, 2" memory foam on top). They had it on "sale" for $700 (king size). I looked at big name brands like "tempurpedic"...they are the same design (a layer of memory foam on top, with a layer of standard foam on the bottom). Maybe they use higher quality foam, but for $2,000+ I was not about to find out!

This mattress is firm, which is just what I was looking for. The warnings about a smell or odor upon opening it were accurate. There was a strong smell. We aired it for a few days before using it. The smell persisted beyond those few days but slowly subsided. Now that we've had it almost 3 weeks the smell is not noticeable any longer. If you have a place to let it air out for a week before using it that might be best, but not everyone has room for a large mattress to lay around (without kids jumping all over it!). Some people might be less sensitive to the smell.

For $259 you won't find a better value in a layered foam mattress.
Great mattress for the money I had one for years and bought another for my daughter. Will buy another soon for my son.
We replaced the mattress in our motorhome with this product and it worked out really well.
Soft enough not to ben your flesh, firm enough to support you well. Needs a padded mattress cover to prevent sweat when it is very warm.
Came in earlier to the store than expected. The mattress was in excellent condition when received. It has performed better than we ever thought it would. Good support to the back. Nice surprise!
Excellent choice for my daybed. The corners werent quite square but on the whole it is fine.
Have had the bed for 1 week. I bought it for my sons lower bunk bed. It met expectations. It was the right size and expanded in a few hours to 8 inches. Its soft. The smell is strong and still has some after a week but its less and dissipating. Was going to buy the signature sleep but was out of stock. This bed seems to be good.
The mattress was very comfortable and at a reasonable price. Worked out great for our daughter who is in college.
Upon opening, there really wasn't a smell that is normally warned about. Expansion to full size took a couple of hours. The mattress is firmer than I would like though like another memory foam mattress of a different vendor, it may take a few sleep cycles to "soften up".

Purchased for a guest room yet haven't received any complaints.
I received the mattress on one day, and had to wait to put it on my bed until AFTER the sheet set that I'd ordered at the same time arrived. Rather inconvenient, since we left it in the box until the sheet set DID arrive. Other than that, it's good.
I did not know what to expect because I had never owned a Memory foam type of mattress, but to my surprise it is wonderful. I've had the best sleep in a long time in this mattress. I recommend that you try it for yourself.
It was delivered before its ETA. Nice...
Great mattress. We bought if for our son to take to college. He really likes it and we liked the price. Good product and good price. We recommended this mattress to our friends and they also purchased it for their son. He likes it too.
I am thinking about getting 2 more. this mattress is Very, Very Comfortable and has low odor.
Nice Bed and Frame...good value and is comfortable
Bought another mattress after trying this one. Plan on giving the second one to my son for Christmas.
It does come exactly how is driscribe
Very comfortable.
This was my first foam mattress so I dont really have anything other experience to compare it to. I did do some research before I bought it. I bought a foam topper to go along with it. A lot of reviews say that the mattress tends to warm you up or sink in certain spots. Well there has been no sinking. But I do get warm. Not terribly. And it is very comfy.
The Best night's sleep after a hip replacement! Very comfortable!
This is a great buy, I did extensive research be purchasing this and other companies started their pricing in the upper thousands which made this mattress seem too good to be true but my coworker recommended this after using it for years and so I decided to go for it.

It's working good so far, don't be alarmed by the fact that it comes in a box, it will expand to its intended size. It's comfortable and barely feels like your sleeping on a bed. You won't even feel moving motion when the person next to you moves, that how stable it is.
The foam mattress unpacked and "plumped up" easily. It is very soft which I wanted, but the edges are also totally soft making it easy to roll off. This is for a guest room so I am trying to figure out how to avoid having my guests fall out of bed.
My mattress arrived at my home on 12-5-13, I didn't unroll it until Christmas Eve. Even though it says unwrap within 72 hrs (which of course you don't see until you actually open it), I'm impressed. My mattress was the full 8 inches within minutes. Seriously, minutes. I'm using mine with the Dorel Twin over Full Bunk Bed. Bonus. I caught the full size on sale for $149. I'm pleased with the price and my daughter is sleeping pretty tonight.
My husband made the decision to purchase this for our daughters trundle bed. I really wasn't too sure. Once we received, unpackaged, and set the mattress in place I quickly changed my mind. It's actually pretty nice. We didn't have any problems with the mattress not keeping it's shape. Her little friend can't wait to spend the night!
So I bought it online and had it shipped to my house. It arrived a day early, shipping was cheap, and it was in a box that fit in the back seat of my car. The mattress (queen) was relatively heavy and the box is wide; I would advise 2 people to carry if you're not very big. Anyway, it was rolled and packed tightly. Unpacked it and left it for 48 hours to decompress. Does not have a bad odor like some people mentioned (different manufacturer?) slight odor from foam but nothing worth worrying about. Not too firm but definitely feels different than a spring mattress. If this is your first foam mattress I'd recommend trying one at an ikea or something so you know what to expect. Overall, I like it. And it was definitely a good deal for the price.
This is a very good mattress I'm using for a guest room. I've only had it a short time and so far one guest has slept on it with no complaints. I bought a similar mattress for myself in a Queen but the softer version and I love that one too. Your can't beat it for the value. I only gave it 4 stars because I haven't myself slept on it, and not sure if it is 5 stars but it very well may be.
I purchased this mattress for my three year olds first big girl bed. I was a little surprised when it arrived in a box. Once unrolled, we allowed it to air out and rise for two days before using it. I will say that it is not acushiony bed. It is fine for my three year old and we couldn't beat the price. I am considering putting a feather top over it and using this as a base. My daughter has stated that the bed is not soft.
Very comfortable mattress, not heavy at all. Pulled out of box, had to tear open the duffle bag it came in ( tears easily). It expands as soon as the plastic bag is ripped open, I was able to move mattress around no problem. Not that bad of a smell, I was expecting a lot worst, after the 48 hours I placed a waterproof/ allergen proof zipper cover and now there is absolutely no smell at all.
Mattress is nice and soft. It is a little to soft/sinks in too much for my toddler.
Still getting used to it, but met my expectations
Loved the bed!!
I like my new mattress I brought one from here for my mother in law a few years ago. I just wish I had gotten the 12 inch because I have a platform bed so that mean no box spring
At this price you will be hard pressed to find a more comfortable mattress. It supports every part of your body effortlessly which is also how you'll sleep on it!!!
I am very much satisfied with the product, the only reason why I did not give it 5 stars is cos of the height, it came out 7 inch. I received it in 4 days of ordering. it was easy to assemble. I took upstairs, it will weigh 50 lbs. I read that few people had some issues with odor, but I did not had any such issues. There was some odor on day 1 but by day 2 it was gone and no smell at all.
It is good for its price
This mattress is not too soft and not too firm, so I like it. I suggest you to pay attention to the thickness of the mattress and choose the right size because the 8" is quite thin.
I'm very happy with the spa memory foam mattress, haven't slept this good in a long time. I give it an A+
Slight stench at first due to insulation tk compress the mattress for delivery but goes away in time. Expanded in just 5 mins. I love it :)
I bought this for my 17 yr old son with the platform bottom. He absolutely loved it. So when my 21 yr. old daughter moved back home and didn't have a bed, I bought her one also. She likes it but wishes it was a little thicker. Keep in mind both of my kids don't weigh over 130 lbs. So I don't know how these would fair for a larger person. Overall, a good purchase.
My husband has MS. So a box spring mattress was just too painful for him, so we ordered this mattress to try, It is a great mattress, but it is probably a bit firmer then some would like, I will be getting a topper for it soon, and I like how we don't wiggle the bed anymore cause of the mattress, waking ea. other up. I don't have any complaints except it was a bit firmer then I expected :)
The product's description was met except that we didn't receive it the way it was described. The plastic of the mattress was already open when we pulled it out of the box.
good value for the price
Great for the price. A little firmer than I thought it would be - but has definitely made a difference in my sleep. This is the 2nd memory foam mattress I've had. Will never go back to a conventional mattress.
Almost as good as my 1,000. mattress
I would rate this mattress at pretty good cos it is exactly what I ordered. I like it; however, my husband says he could feel the bottom just enuf where his hips hurt in the morning. I would suggest if you want to buy a memory foam, you should get one at least the next size up--at 10" thick. It's good for overnighters, but not on a long-term basis.
Good mattress
For the price very good deal.
Mattresses arrived well before expected (pleasant surprise). The grandkids are very happy.
Bought this mattress for $100 less than what someone else had recommended. A little bit softer than I would have preferred but still a great product for the price.
I bought this mattress to go with my new trundle bed. The only complaint I have is you have to lay it down and it takes a couple days before its fully at the 8". But definitely worth the wait! The look is nice and the comfort is amazing! Especially if you sleep on your side! Overall great value and definitely worth the money
Pleased with the online purchase; bed is very comfortable and fits perfectly on a twin bunk bed.
I'm a college student on a low budget. I took a risk. Ordering this bed. It came is like two days after ordering it. I LOVE IT! It's extremely comfortable. I literally fall right asleep and dread leaving. I was quite impressed.
Overall, ok, takes a long time to get the funky smell out of the mattress . It did not expand to a full 8 inches , close but not fully. Very comfy though , sleep like a baby !
More memory foam will be better!!!!
I won't complain one bit about this mattress because for the price it is a steal. We used our 2" memory foam topper on top of this bed to add thickness. It's probably closer to 6" expanded, not 8" but for the price who cares if it's a full 8"? The only reason I didn't give it all 5 stars is because of the expansion. It's definitely very comfortable. The thicker the better.
not full 8 inches, more like 6 1/2 to 7 inches
Bought this for my son in college, exactly what we needed for price we paid!! No complaints here.
This is a good mattress to start, but no for long term use, is comfy but your back will definitely thank you when you switch to a normal one
Comfy
We bought this mattress for our RV. When we slept on it the first night my husband and I had a better night sleep than on our 3 year old conventional mattress. Arms and legs did not have to be moved as much during the night, and my right shoulder does not wake me up at night. At first, the mattress top lack of firmness bothered me, but the sleep was significantly better than our existing mattress so I got over it quickly. We got the 8" because of height restrictions in the RV, but I will purchase the 10" for our bedroom.
I bought an 8 inch memory foam mattress for my son four years ago and was very pleased with this mattress. It popped right open and up, not quite 8 inches but close enough. So I decided to buy one for myself. It's not the same mattress apparently as what I bought my son, but it has worked out very well. It required two days to inflate and a few spots didn't inflate completely, but again it's close enough and has been really comfortable. All in all I'm very happy with this mattress!
I was worried at first but after letting it sit for a full day it expanded nicely. I have it on top of a box spring and I can't feel the frame like in some of the reviews.
It's comfortable and fabulous. Worth the money. The only downside is that it's definitely warmer than a standard mattress but I just use less blankets
It is as good as a mattress for $150 could be expected.
I was pleasantly pleased with the comfort and sorry I didn't go for the 10" option. I'll be back.
Nice mattress. Took a bit to get though. But overall it is a comfy nice mattress to me. I would buy another one.
I ordered a full size one, and have been sleeping sound ever since.
I must say this is a good product for side, back or flat sleepers, all alike.
So...I got this bed hoping to alleviate my back pain....this mattress is SO SOFT...it is awesome. I LOVE THAT, but I can't sleep on my stomach...it is too soft for that, so I use a huge, firm chair pillow and sleep on my side. NO BACK ISSUES...I know it's a process to not be in pain, but I still like this mattress...I wouldn't recommend it though for people with back pain. But, I would recommend it for youngsters. I'm 5'5" and 140lbs.
The mattress didn't take very long to gain its shape, and it's very comfortable. However, it had a really strong, chemical-y smell for the first week or so. It gave me headaches, but the smell mostly subsided by the second week.
I like this mattress, but wish it was a tad bit firmer.
Great value for your money exactly as advertised
We had already purchased the 12 in Spa Sensations mattress last year for our bedroom and loved it so much that we bought the 8 in for our guest bedroom. The 8 in is a bit firmer than the 12 but both are very comfortable to sleep on.

We have and adjustable bed frame in both bedrooms and if you are looking for a mattress suited for an adjustable frame than get the 12 in as the 8 in does not seam to bend as much while the bed is adjusted. This could just be that the 8 in is brand new but I do not remember the 12 in ever being like that.
Got this mattress for my 3 year old daughter and I read to her every night and want to fall asleep every time. Very soft and cushiony! love it!
you get on it and its like you melt into it it that comfortable. I never had more better sleep.
It feels nice and even all the way around, not too soft!!
I looked at many memory foam mattresses & they can be expensive. The cheaper ones flimsy. Not the case with this one. It's very reasonable. It's opens up to the full 8" as expected. The slight smell leaves quickly. It is firm so if you like a soft mattress this is not for you. If someone is sleeping on the other side they will not disturb you. It's as good as some of the 600-900 dollar ones I've seen. In fact I got a 500 twin size one for my daughter and this is just as good as hers for half the price!
The mattress is comfortable and the only improvement it needs is maybe more thickness which would help take away some of the firmness! Both me and my wife experienced lower back pain prior to purchasing this mattress. Now we wake up each morning pain free!
Comfortable. I bought full size. Not that great for two decent size people. You feel like you are rolling towards each other. With just one person it sleeps very well. Not too hot (as I have seen on some reviews) but I do have a mattress pad cover on it as well.
I love the way it came in the box. It was very easy to get out and place on the bed. It was a tad bit firm the first few nights but as time passes ,it gets very comfortable. Very good mattress.
not as comfortable as some other memory foam mattresses. I used it for my 3 yr ols and its ok but does not work well for my 7-8 year olds doesn't hold the weight well.
It doesn't form as good to your body as it should. It's width is smaller then a mattress.
This is really just a regular foam mattress, nothing special or "memory" about it. It's decent, it does what it needs to do for cheap, but it's not a miraculous or particularly wonderful mattress.
I've had this bed for about 3 weeks and it STILL SMELLS as horrible as it did the day i pulled it out of it's package. you have to "break it in" which mine is still far from that. This bed does not "Breath" so you are tossing and turning all night because you feel like you are sweating! it's a very nasty feeling. I read a review that someone posted about this bed saying it's very similar to the Tempurpedic bed- it's not! i"ve slept on one and this is nothing like it. Not a fan of this bed at all
Really wasn't what i expected,does'nt seem like it's 8 inches high. Wasn't that comfortable either,if i had to do it all over again i would have bought the 12 inch one.
I love the price of this mattress! I purchased the king size, along with the "Spa Sensations Steel Smart Base Bed" and the "Simmons Beautyrest Mattress Pad Cotton." All in all, I like the price. However, despite all the reviews I read, I was a bit surprised to feel how firm this mattress actually is. My old spring mattress was on the firm side (maybe medium firm, I forget exactly) and it was great. Though, I feel like sleeping on my side is a bit less comfortable with this mattress. My girlfriend hasn't complained about its firmness, but she has suggested that we use a more pillow top mattress pad instead of the fairly thin cotton pad. Yes, I would still buy this again. Just need to find a way to make it a tad bit more soft.
Our bed came in good time it is comfortable, wish someone would of mentioned the smell! I think who ever packed this must have thrown in a million stay fresh packets it has be almost 2 weeks or so now and I can not sleep long on it without it bothering my breathing. So if smells bother you have something ready to take care of this problem. Wish I had a cloths line or dry spot outside so I could beat the smell out. :|
My mattress was delivered to my home very quickly, four or five days. When I took it out of the package in the morning and layed it out it was ready to sleep on by that night. The smell was pretty strong for about a week. I could still sleep on it, but it did make my entire room smell. I slept on waterbeds for about 15 years, and it may sound strange but I bought an air mattress when I moved across the country and didnt bring my old bed. I liked it enough that I slept on it for five years, but thought it was time to get a big boy bed. The price was very good. I do have to say that after always sleeping on such soft beds this was very firm for me. I guess I expected it to mold to my body alittle better. The first couple of nights, because I sleep on my side my arm did fall asleep. I am adjusting to the firmness after a couple weeks, but did buy a softer matress pad to get a bit more softness. It helps a bit. Yhis may sound a bit negitive, but I would actually recommend this mattress to people that like a firmer mattress. As I said I am getting used to it, and do get a good nights sleep now. I don't wake up with any pains. My back isn't great and at times sleeping on those softer beds I would wake up with a very sore back. That hasn't happened to this point with this mattress, so that is a good thing. Overall I would say for anybody that likes a firm matress this is nice and a very good deal.
the mattress is medium firm
it is comfortable
i have concerns of a crease developing along the long sides
after 2 weeks of nightly use (by my 80 POUND SON.)
Its on a flat foundation , i will have to keep a watch on this;
for dishing to develop.
IF it does ,not good,
but i am confident walmart will make it right.......

they back up their products
Could be softer, but it is very comfortable. You just want to sink into the bed and not get up!

I was hoping that I would not need a box spring with a platform type bed, but without it, the bed is just too low, so I ended up buying one for the height factor.

I personally would love to have a king size version of this bed, but the price has went up $30 since I ordered this last week.
This is my second memory foam mattress from Walmart this one had a Oder that was unpleasant. I had to wash the mattress cover to lessen the smell. It did help I am sure with time it will be gone. But I do love the comfort.
The mattress is exactly what the reviews say. It is however, a little too thin for me and I wish i had ordered the thicker one. It had VERY little odor. I was concerned because several people said that would be a problem . Not at all !!! I do like the mattress it's just, again, I really wish I had spent the extra money and went with the thicker one. I have a bad back and a siatic nerve problem , so I can't quite get comfortable some nights . But I think it is simply because of the thickness. I know a little more padding and I would probably be good.
The mattress is okay. It's for two bunk beds, and will have slats with thin plywood on it. It will be slept on by preteens, and for them it's fine. I would need something a bit different, but for the purpose and the amount of money spent, I like it.

I wanted to get one for a hospital bed, but it's too wide. Seems all hospital beds are only 36 inches wide for some odd reason.
It sleeps good. That being said, it is in all other ways inadequate. There is no area that is 8 inches high. The corners might be 4. 3 would be more accurate. Delivery was prompt and the purchase was easy. What will we do? Well, it sleeps well. I will put a box spring or horridly hard mattress under this "mattress" and treat it like a killer topper.
It's smelly. Not too bad like cheap plastic, but still you can smell it. The manual says that it's OK for first time. But third week passed, it still smells (much less than how it was in the beginning), but a little anyway. So I assume after a few months it will be fine...

Also I wish it could be more firmly, but that's like personal. Just do not expect it's a really firm mattress.
I got it because of the high reviews, it's not bad, but not for everyone. I like a firm mattress and this is too soft, makes my back hurt and it's not easy to sleep. Also it keeps too much the warmth of the body, not great for the hot nights of Miami...
I should have bought a 12+ or thicker mattress.
I bought it for my son and he's happy with it and sleeping much better. The only thing not expected is that it never reached 8 inches just 7.
Initially firm to lay on. However it compresses excessively when laying on it for the night. It should come with a weight limit recommendation.
who really wants to spend over $1000 on a matress. I don't and I could probably afford it. This seemed like a better option and it was recommended by my brother who loves it. If I had to do it again I would have went with the thicker memory foam. 8" was not enough for the Queen I picked up.

IT HAS A WEIRD SMELL. I've washed my blankets 2 times in the first 2 weeks and they still smell funny. Honestly smells a bit like urine... haha. I know what you're thinking... it's the matress... trust me. I hope it goes away. It's kind of embarrassing.
It did not have the odor but I was able to feel the bars with the Sensation metal frame
If you buy this bed, I strongly recommend you get multiple mattress pads. I have essential created my own pillow top to the mattress. It is way too thin and low density. When I laid on the bed without the padding it compressed a lot and was causing my back pain from the lack of support. I wouldn't buy this bed for a home, but if you're a college/grad student on a budget you can make it work for a while.
Nice looking bed... But it gets hot after few hours... In winter it's ok... But I have to wait and see what will happen in summer...
Mattress did not inflate to 8" and has yet to do so after 36 hours. Returning product...
i bought this mattress for my son who moved to Gunnison to go to school. we could not buy a mattress ahead of time to move down because we did not have a moving truck. it was nice to know that i could go online and with just one click, he had a mattress delivered to his front door within a week. no shipping charges! he was a little worried when the mattress came in a rather small box all rolled up. but within hours, it eventually took it's full 8" form. He text me the next morning after receiving his mattress and said that he has never slept so good!
Well, like everyone else, I purchased this mattress for a college student. The mattress has not expanded to anywhere near 8 inches, which is disappointing. If I had wanted a 6 inch mattress for her, I would have bought the 6 inch mattress. We were hoping to give her a better sleep experience. So far, not impressed. It's been a full 7 days since we opened it up. I do have to say, the smell is not an issue, so there is that I guess...
I bought three of these beds in queen size for a new cottage. I opened one to make sure it was comfortable before opening the other two. It was open for two weeks before i slept on it. I found it comfortable so i opened another. Thats when i relalized the bed appeared more like a double than a queen. I pulled out my measuring tape to measure the bed that had been open for two weeks and, sure enough, it only measured 57" wide. Queen size is supposed to be 60. Double is 54" so this bed is between a double and a queen. Also, its supposed to be 8" thick but it is only 7". Its too much of a hassle to return the beds that are open but i am going to return the one still in the box. About the smell; there was no noticable smell at all.
This mattress is firm not soft as I expected, advertised as memory foam but feels more like standard foam, if you want softer your gonna pay a lot more...
i purchased this bed because my girlfriend has one and my back felt great after sleeping in it for one night. how ever when i decided to buy the same one for my house the product i received was nothing like hers even though it was the same model and same bed.. i was what she has.. i returned it and now walmart has raised the price.. can i please get the bed my girlfriend has at the price her and i paid? i would reather not take my business else where.
If you live in a hot climate area or a person who sweats a lot stay away it will not be good, they will be sweating all the time and even though the mattress comforts to your shape it does not have the the support for your back, it should have, did get the mattress 3 days after the order, that was quick delivery, nice appearance and will probably be good for the winter. not a good mattress over all this was my first foam mattress will go back to the coils of even incase coils, no more foams for me
i read reviews that said it was firm. NOT firm. This would be a good product if you like soft.
it had a good zippered cover, it expanded as suppose to. just way too soft.
It is hard to let the corner fully expanded, but overall it is okay for the price. Smell was strong but it is gone after fabrize.
This memory foam mattress is soooo Firm. I didn't think memory foam could be so hard, it was like sleeping on a sheet of bedrock for the last four days. I purchase a memory foam topper that saved me, and kept this mattress from becoming an expensive dog bed.

Unless you prefer ulta firm, you'll need to get a topper. Hopefully, it may soften over time, but for now the memory topper works for me. I'm finally getting a decent night sleep.
Ordered two of the 8" mattresses for my kids. One expanded to the full 8" no problem. It's been several days and the other mattress is still only 6".

Though both are comfortable there is a noticeable difference between the two. So this gets three stars from me since based on my experience and other reviews here that you have about a 50/50 chance of getting one that actually expands to the proper dimensions.
I was very disapointed, not what the discription said Not firm very soft
The mattress isn't as comfortable as I had hoped.
Took over 3 weeks to get this bed then i recieve the wrong size smh but finally the right size arrived and its pretty good i love it compare to the air bed i was sleeping on
It was comfortable only after putting plywood between the box springs and the mattress. Before doing that you could feel every board in the box springs. That's probably something that should be in the product description.
This item was shipped quickly but had to sit 48 hours to fully expand. However, it's supposed to be 8 inches, but no part of this has expanded to the full size. You can feel the floor/frame underneath it. I wish that I went to a higher thickness or that it expanded all the way.
I love my memory foam mattress because it gives me a goog sleep. however the problem for me with it is I bought an 8" mattress that actually mesures 7". So, I am going to call the store to find out if there was a mistake of some kind.
Web site says 8" and box says it's 8 in., but it measures 7 ". Appears to be a bait and switch.
The mattress was great the first time I slept on it. From then on, it has gotten progressively softer in the middle, creating a "bowl" effect. I'm going to try a solid base to see if that helps. Will review after.
Its a bit hard. gonna have to put a topper on it. can't complain about the price though!
A bit too soft
I have bought another brand from Walmart before, and was very pleased with the final results after 4 days of expanding. But this brand is still 6 1/2 inches tall after 3 days. I wanted at least a 8 inch mattress, to make it easier to get in and out of bed. Not sure at this moment. sleeping on a spare bed for 2 more days, and if no improvement, will ask for a refund or exchange.
Arrived quickly, contained as advertised. Not a fashion statement unless you want to be know as intensely practical. "Plumped" up as advertised. Not 100% "squared", as indicated it may not be. Made in China - this I somehow missed in the Specs. Comfortable and firm. Fairly satisfied as I knew I was not buying Primo.
iwont buy a nother one
This mattress is not as expected. It is quite firm and not at all comfortable without adding a mattress topper. It is also very hot without the extra padding of a mattress topper. Unless you like a really firm mattress I would not recommend. I will say it was easy to set up and didn't take the full 48 hours to get to it's full 8" depth. I did not notice any odor either.
Extremely firm. Hard to get comfortable.
I thought it was a hard memory form, but it is very soft.. My waist feels uncomfortable... So I use the opposite side of the form... It is hard...
It's not as comfortable as I thought it would be. Next time I will probably buy the bigger one. You get what you pay for! Not much!!!
this is the best bed ever but is smells like something that is burning or burnt still after 2 weeks it still is greattttttttttt
I have a back problem myself i read all the reviews for this mattress. I just receive it on Monday and yes it had a slight smell when you unwrapped it, so i let it sit for a day and a half. Last night was my first night sleeping on it..................and OMG! it was hard, or too firm for my petite frame. I toss and turn all night, until about 1:30 am I just stared at the ceiling and wonder WHY! i had to be to work early and when i finally awaken and got up I felt as though I slept on a concrete floor, or a ton of people. From my shoulder, to my arm, and back it was stiff and sore, it was very awful. SMH! I don't know what to do? but I wish I could wrap it back up and take it back to the store. i know many on here stated that it has to soften up some as it gets older, but i dont know if i can go another night feeling like I wrestle all night with this thing. Any suggestions? Will a topper help or make any difference? SMH! I just want to sleep and be happy with my purchase...........:(
This is a well needed improvement from my 10 yr old selet comfort bed. Which felt like sleeping on a camping air mattress. This product unfortunatly has not quite helped my lower back pain.
I was disappointed that the foam was soooo firm, hopefully it will soften with use. The bed is a captain's style with edges to keep the mattress in place. The mattress is too wide and doesn't fit in the edges.
This mattress is pretty good. I ordered the 8" and even fully inflated its more like 6". But it is a comfortable mattress, and so far I belive it is worth the money!
Expected a little more after all the good reviews. Its an average memory foam mattrass, slightly firmer then average. Added a mattrass pad which made it better.
we already owned the queen size of this product for over 3 years and were very happy with the quality, firmness and price we got at the time (<$200), so we decided to purchase our king mattress as well. a couple things have changed for sure, which is why i have rated this 3-star. firstly, the memory foam is a much weaker foam as compared to before, which mean it does not flex and reflex as well. also, the queen mattress we had before had a firm base, this one seems a bit softer. also, our mattress came with a small tear in the top cover in the middle. overall, its a good deal for the price (<$300).
I went to pick up this mattress expecting I would need my friend's truck to get it to my apartment. Instead we picked up a box which had the mattress rolled up inside. That was convenient for transporting in the end. However, when I took it out of the box, and waited several hours for it to reinflate and take shape, I was disappointed with how low the mattress was. I was initially going to get the 6" mattress, but spent the extra money for the 8". It wasn't worth it because the mattress is still pretty flat.
The only redeeming quality is that I'm a side sleeper so I prefer a firmer mattress and that the mattress is very quiet when you (or anyone else in your bed) moves around.
I could have gotten a better mattress though for $200 and I'm only keeping it because I don't want to go through the hassle of trying to get it back in the box and returning it.
The memory foam was not as supportive as others I had tried. And it never expanded to 8" mine only went to six.
This bed is confusing to me, when you lay on it, the bed is very comfortable, but after a few hours my back hurts and I have to toss and turn all night long, not my idea of what sleeping on a new mattress should be. I would suggest you spend the extra $50 and get the 10 inch, maybe it will be more comfortable. I'm just impressed.
This mattress is definitely comfortable. I just hope the chemical smell clears up soon. I keep changing the sheets and washing them in hopes that this time everything will smell good, but the smell keeps infiltrating everything. And my sheets don't even smell that great after washing them. Now they have permastink from all the chemical fumes coming off this thing. I am not giving up hope yet, but I am disappointed that the smell is sticking around this long. (I gave the appearance a "poor" rating because of the smell.)
Im not sure how I feel about this mattress yet. We got the 8 inch memory foam. Its been about 2 weeks with it now. My body still aches and its up kinda high on top of our regular mattress, but doesnt seem thick enough to serve as its own mattress. Im contemplating getting the 12 inch instead
not as thick as I thought ... NOT 8 inches ...
This bed is supposed to be 8 inches, they say give it 48 hours to fully expand, mine only expanded to 6 inches. However, it is very comfortable and a good price considering I purchased a king sized mattress which would have been very expensive at a mattress store.
it's a bit firm
Although this is a very nice mattress, it does not work well for me. My husband loves it but I have issues with my back that probably contribute ti my discomfort.
I got this mattress because our son said they've had one for three years and still love it. I found it to be to hard for me and our guess said it gave her a soar back. I ordered a 3 inch (4lb density) memory foam topper to put on top. Now it's heaven on earth to sleep on. I check out my son's the other day, and yes it felt hard to me. SO, if you prefer a harder mattress this would be great. And the price is awesome. Wal-Mart has several to chose from and I might of just chosen the wrong one. Read close, it's not something you can just take back to the store. I will say the quality is really good!!!!
See "Review summery"
I like the mattress. It's very comfortable and soft. Definitely is a worthy buy for the price. My only issue is I have the bed on separated wooden slats and this bed is not suited for that. I recommend putting this on a flat even surface. Aside from that I would say it's definitely worth the buy.
We Bought this product online needing a mattress but didn't want to pay too dollar. Great value! Followed the directions fully to let bed expand 48 hours. I even went the extra effort and waited 4 days. The mattress only expanded to 7 inches all the way around. Measured with a tape measure to be exact. You can say you get what you pay for. But ultimately I am happy with this mattress! 3-1/2 stars to 4 stars. I would say if you want an 8" go for the 10" given the chance of a 1" loss.
Initally I was not impressed because I was going for a eight inch visual. The mattress is only about 5 to 6 inches but it is comfy.
We purchased this mattress for my ten year old daughter's platform bed. It is exactly what we expected. The memory foam mattresses are fairly comfortable, awkward to move because they don't hold their shape, but a good value for a young girl. She loves it.
I purchased this mattress for my teen daughter. I did however try out this mattress for a short time and found it lacking. The "memory foam" is only perhaps 1 inch thick and does not perform the way I would have liked. I found it to be extremely hard and uncomfortable. But as I said, I purchased this for my daughter. My daughter loves this mattress. I recently purchased a new mattress for myself and was able to compare this to a very high end memory foam bed. This is something she did not do. She is sleeping much better and has not complained of shoulder pain as she did before.

I would recommend this mattress for children and teens but not for a full grown adult.
Bed has a strong odor and has continued with odor for 3 weeks. Odor appears to be fading. Bed itself is comfortable
It says 8'' but really not that thick. And it's sooooooo soft, my back hurts every morning. And also feel so hot on it. I won't recommend this
I ordered this mattress because my doctor recommended that I switch to a more supportive bed. Based on the high cost of the options available, and the fact that I had never slept on a memory foam before; I thought it best to try a less expensive version first. The mattress was easy to set up & I didn't notice the chemical smell mentioned in reviews. It took several hours to expand, but ultimately only reached a thickness of about 7 inches ( not the 8 that is advertised). It took a few nights to get accustomed to the difference from a traditional mattress. The product is listed as acceptable for platform beds, but I have had to add a box spring because it was just too firm on the wooden platform.
Overall, if you're looking for a firm support on a budget- this is a good buy.
I bought this for my daughter's new loft bed (twin size). I wanted an 8" mattress and she wanted memory foam so I thought this would be perfect. More than 48 hours after setting it out, it is nearly 6" deep except for at the head and foot where it's more like 4" which is SO not acceptable when I paid for (and wanted) an 8" mattress. On the positive side, my daughter loves the mattress and it appears to support her well and is comfortable, she says. There was no real odor as sometimes happens with these shrink wrapped things. So, she's happy with it which is good because she's stuck with it for the next few years. But I will not be purchasing a spa sensations mattress again and any friend 'recommendation' will include the warning the product does not deliver dimensionally as advertised.
I,M FINALLY GETTING USED TO THE MATTRESS.....IT WAS NOT REALLY WHAT I EXPECTED
We purchased this for a trundle pull out. It is the perfect size for our purposes. I'm not sure that I would want this as a regular mattress on a well used bed. It's not very thick, and doesn't seem terribly durable. But like I said we are using it for a trundle pull out, and it likely get very little use, if ever. Great for our need though.
Overall good mattress
I did not have 48 hours to wait for the mattress to inflate. I used it after about 10 hours. I believe that is the reason the mattress is so firm, very firm. Otherwise it was a good buy.
The memory foam is too soft!
It did not expand to 8 8nches only 6.5 waited 3 days. So just a little disappointed.
I have previously purchased memory foam mattress from Walmart, this is my first Spa sensations mattress. It arrived on time and packaging was great. It has been a week since I opened the packaging but the mattress still has uneven areas along the center. You can touch the mattress and feel some sections below 2" than the other areas.
Got this for my collage bound granddaughter so she could haul it herself in her car.....
The product is ok..
Nice compact
I ordered this mattress and it got here waaaayyy before it was supposed to. I did not take it out of the box immediately...nor did I see any instruction that I SHOULD.
I like this mattress but I suspect I would LOVE this mattress if it reached it's full 8 inch measurement. In most areas, mine is only 6, and in some as low as 4. I don't know how in the world someone would go about "returning" it after taking it out of the box, unrolling it, and letting it expand for 72 hours...I kept hoping it would reach its full thickness after awhile...but it never has, and that was disappointing...because I find it quite comfortable.
We thought this would be a little firmer. After laying on it, it really gives a lot and although it is comfortable, it could use a little more support. It is a good deal for the price. It's comfortable and soft but if you need more support, this won't work for you. All that being said, it's a great deal for a good visitor bed mattress.
I got this about a week and a half ago and I would have to say, it really is comfy. I bought a Fiberfill Mattress Topper to go on top of it and it feels heavenly! Every time I lay on it, I do not want to get up out of bed, it's that comfy! The Memory Foam and the Mattress Topper is a great combo! It's true about the smell and that it eventually goes away...it's not a bad smell, just not a great smell! The 8-inch Memory Foam is perfect. I would suggest this for anyone who is on a budget and would love to own a Memory Foam Mattress! ;-)
Read lots of reviews and went with this one for my 4 year Olds big boy bed- no smell, opened nicely and seemed both plush and firm. Seems to be a bit too firm now - still undecided if I would recommend it or not
The mattress is fairly comfortable. It's more comfortable than the mattress I had. But it doesn't quite meet my hopes and expectations created by memory foam mattresses I've slept on before. Overall I'm satisfied with my purchase I didn't waste my money. I would like to say I'm very satisfied with it but I can't. By the end of the night I find myself feeling like I am bottomed out and resting on the foundation. I'm a pretty big guy, so I can't really blame the mattress for that. I have a replacement hip and have slept on memory foam mattresses that made me forget that I do have a replacement hip. But this is not quite that mattress. But again I can't blame the mattress for my personal situation. I just hoped....
Many reviews said that this mattress was firm. It seems soft when compared to the Tempupedic.It is probably due to less density in the memory foam.I I have slept on a memory foam topper for the past several years. This is surely hotter! No smell was evident and it popped up to its max height quickly.t is a terrifc price. I would recommend it.
After reading the reviews, I thought this was going to be a dream come true! After having the mattress delivered and aired out, I laid on top of it. I imagined myself sinking into blissfulness but I barely made a dent. I am not sure if it's the quality of the foam but this mattress is extremely firm. I am currently looking for a topper to ease my distress!
The bed seems to be a little on the hard side. But it is alot better than the mattress that we had before.
I have had memory foam beds before that I loved. So I bought this one, but was very disappointed because it was hard as a rock. I felt like I was sleeping on concrete. My husband and I both woke up very sore after sleeping on this bed. Luckily I just bought a memory foam topper from Costco that we love.
I wasn't expecting it to be THIS firm. It's comfertable but we are looking for something a little different. We plan on using this one for a spare bedroom. Good mattress for a good price though.
with a 2", 3 pound top layer of Memory Foam, it could use some more. But you get what you pay for! I'm getting a 2", 5 pound topper and see if that makes it more like a Tempurpedic. :-)
I ordered this product on a Friday & it was delived Tuesday, so very fast delivery! I've only slept on it a few times (hence the 3 star rating) & thus far it is very comfortable and cozy. Soft to the touch however still firm when you actually lay on it. When it came out of the box it inflated immediately! It did have a funny smell at first but wears off after a few hours or so. I would recommend a mattress cover just from face value it looks like stains would not come out too easily, but great so far, no complaints!
The reviews I read about the mattress were positively glowing, so I thought it would be really great, but I've woken up pretty stiff a few times, and I've actually woken up once with a really bad ache in my back. Not nearly as amazing as some reviews would lead you to believe, but it's still a pretty decent mattress for an okay price; at the very least, it's better than sleeping on the floor.
NOT AS FIRM NOR AS COMFORTABLE AS I EXPECTED.
I bought this for my 10 year old daughter, it was a good price. I've slept on a memory foam mattress for years and love it. I let it air out and let it completely "inflate" for 2 days before using. I slept on it the first night to try it out, and I thought it was very hard and uncomfortable. My daughter has had it on her bed for about 2 weeks and has only stayed in the bed a whole night through a few times. She has been moving out to the couch or to the floor most nights. She says it's too hard. I'm disappointed that it didn't work out for us.
I got this and it is very comfortable, kind of firm but lets you sink in just a little. Its under 8 inches by a small amount. The only down side is it smells like chemicals or medicine.
Mattress arrived fast enough. Opened bag as directed in instructions. Bed started to expand......then stopped. Here I am 3, almost 4 weeks, later, and the bed's memory foam has not expanded evenly on the mattress. Some parts are still flat, while others are fully expanded. Very frustrating! I contacted the manufacturer who said this is normal. 3 almost 4 weeks, really? Otherwise, it's comfy as long as I lay on my side between the foam mountains. I wouldn't recommend this mattress.
After just over a week of waiting for all 8" to show up, I am left with only 6". We replaced the mattress in our trailer with this one and I have to say as far as comfort is concered this mattress gets 5 stars, but I'm still waiting for the two extra inches I paid for. The bad part is that I don't think I could get it out of the trailer now that it is in and expanded. This was part of the reason I chose this type of mattress - I'd be able to get a queen size mattress into the trailer without a big hassle. Not sure what I'm going to do now...
I bought this mattress for a guest room. My daughter slept on it and rated it a 6 or 7 out of 10 points. She says it's comfortable but she likes a softer mattress.
Since this mattress was really cheap, I had low expectations. However, I found that it's actually remarkably comfortable! I'm sleeping so well. The only problem I have with the mattress is that when it was shipped, all the air was sucked out of the memory foam and it was supposed to expand over the next 48 hours. Except parts of mine never expanded. The result is a weird looking, somewhat lumpy mattress. In all though, it's still really comfy, so I don't mind the uneven inflating too much.
Evething about this experience was Good, except that it has been 10 days and the bed has not expanded on its sided yet. The head and foot end of the matttess has expanded to full 8", but sides are not even half up yet, don't know what to do??
Had this mattress lil over 2 years. It now has a indentation in the middle and not as comfortable. Mine came close to 8' For the money i say its a good buy. I would save alil bit more money and purchases a thinker one. Now in search of a thinker one

KING SIZE REVIEW!
It is a good topper but can not be used as mattress. But as a topper is great!
If you want a very soft foam matterss, this is the one for you. Unfortunatley they did not offer types of firmess. I would perfer something more firm.
I bought this thinking it was firm, but it was not as firm as I wanted for support. It was also not 8" as advertised. But the delivery was very fast and nicely pack in a box.
It is a good smelly kind of comfy mattress
For the value. My husband got a back & neck
Ace . I close my nose & then have a normal
Sleep. Planning to return it whenever I have time.
Due to budget constraints , I went for this mattress. in all a good experience. though my wife did not like Memory foam since it just goes in too deep while sleeping and feels uncomfortable. Moving is not easy on this.
I bought this for my daughters bed in a full. It's been over a week since I bought it. It came in a vacuumed bag. It's puffed up in the middle but not the sides. The sides are half way puffed but I don't believe it will go all the way for some reason. The was a small amount of smell but it aired out. I don't think I'd buy a matress this way ever again.
I read up some previous reviews and some people said it's firm. But it's not. It definitely tends to the plushy side for me. You can't really sit on the bed without sinking in a few inches. If on scale of 1-10 for firmness, I'd say it's about 5-6.
If you are on budget and not looking for something real firm, then it's a good buy.
The mattress did not get to the full 8 "when setup. After a nights sleep the mattress is compressed. I turn the mattress every week to keep it even.
This mattress will do fine on the day bed I bought it for. The memory foam part is very soft (doesn't leave indentations like the ones I'm used to) but the saving grace is the higher density foam it rests on. It adequately balances out the feel which for me is soft on top and medium firm underneath. For the price, I'm satisfied. It will only be used for the occasional guest and I'm sure they will be comfortable enough. I would not recommend it for a heavily weighted person.
Expanded to 8" right away, more comfortable than expected.
After three years of using this mattress it is done. It has lost its ability to support and hold its shape. We were blown away at first because it was so comfortable and inexpensive. Three years later it needs to be replaced. Memory foam mattresses are great but their longevity can't match a regular mattress.
The mattress was delivered earlier than expected. After removing the cover, it took 2 days to come to its shape. One of the thing I was worried about was smell, but there was no smell coming from the mattress.

However, the mattress was not as firm as i expected. This maybe because I bought one with lower rating. Also, the mattress does not distribute heat. But cannot complain for the price, really.
Based on the reviews i had read on this Mattress, i thought it will be very good for the cost.

Pro:
The mattress is neither too soft not too firm.
Feels good for sometime.

Cons:
The 8inch is a hit or a miss i guess. My mattress did not swell up to 8inches
Tends to get hot overnight
I get up in the morning not feel so great. Wife has already started feeling Back ache.(i am writing this review after using the mattress for couple of weeks. Wanted to wait to check if there was a "get used to it" time).

Now, even though we are not very comfortable with this set, we have to use it as we cannot return/exchange it.
It was comfortable and a great value, but I thought it would be a lot firmer than it is. Perhaps the 6" mattress with the 1.5" memory foam on top would be a better choice if one was looking for a firmer bed.
The mattress is nice and functional but it certainly did not expand to 8" uniformly
I purchased this mattress, a couple of days ago, I have to admit it is very comfortable, the only real problem I had is that you have to wait too long to use it, due to the packaging it has to expand, so make sure you have some other place to sleep!! lay it out on a flat surface and watch it grow! And one other complaint I purchased the 8" and it only got to six, I'm not sure what to do about that, I paid for 8 and only measures 6!! The box states wait 48 hours, didn't matter, and it did have a slight odor, it did go away after a few hours. All but missing the two inches, its very comfortable.
I bought this 8", but only expanded to 6". I decided to sleep on it and found it to be very comfortable.
After 1 month I still have pain in my ribs from the firmness of this mattress. It is comfortable on the top 1 inch but is similar to sleeping on a board after that depth. You get what you pay for and this product was overly cheap.
better than my old mattress wish I had purchased the 10 inch .
I bought this mattress to replace a $600 poorly made pillow-top that had previously purchase a year before. I can sleep better on this one, but I wish it was just a bit firmer.
I ordered this mattress with the expectation that I was going to receive a 8" soft plush mattress...
As per the instructions I rolled the mattress out to gain its composure....2 days in fact..I believe I received a 6" instead and its hard,,,I wake every day with my back sore...but you buy one and be the judge.
I read about this bed before I bought the Spa 8". It looked like a good bed when I opened it, but it had a smell.
I thought I would give it a week to let it air out and maybe the smells would go away.
It has been 15 days and it still has smells, even after febreze and candle burning. I am planning on using it in a guest room but as of now I cannot sleep on it. I will give it a couple of more days to see if the smells go away. Maybe I will have to return it.
It still hasn't lessened, the smell that is. My daughter said it is very comfortable, but the fumes are overbearing. It makes me wonder if these smells might be toxic to breathe???
the price was right but the bed is very hard. we have had it for a week now and it hasnt softened any i find if i lay on my side to long it starts to hurt
The bed felt good at first but then it began to sink . I've rotated the mattress several times and that's the only way it stays somewhat comfortable. I wouldn't recommend this. If I could return it I WOULD.
This seemed so comfortable when we first tried it. It was at least better than what we had been sleeping on before. But I cannot stand it now because the weight from my husband causes it to depress greatly where he is sleeping. I spend all night trying to sleep "up hill" and I can only sleep with my back facing him or I completely fall into him. It was too uncomfortable on just the box spring, even though it said you can use it that way. I have taken naps on it and it works fine if I am the only one on the bed. If you are sleeping by yourself, go ahead and get this. We are probably going to be returning this and looking for something else.
This is a cheap mattress. It is much too soft if you way anything over 200 pounds. You nearly flatten it out.
We purchased this after sleeping in an air mattress for 1 year and a half, so we where very excited because the reviews where so good, we where ready to sleep really good after so many nights of sleeping in the air one, well this wasn't what we expected. It was too soft and our back would sink and we would wake up with a crooked spine next morning, we had to return it after 3 night of terrible sleeping.

Sorry, not for us.
Received our full size unit and were able to let it breath for 5 days prior to use. Packaging was excellent and instructions were clear and concise. I was only able to use for one night. Mattress immediately bottomed out despite installation on full platform, not the firm support I wanted. As an adult at 13 stone / 90 Kg unit was of no use to me. It was quite comfortable for our granddaughter at 5 stone / 30 Kg
I like my queen size but my Mom doesn't like her full size at all.
We added toppers but the bed is way too firm for Mom.
I don't know how to go about returning the full size mattress.
Today we're putting her old mattress back on her bed.
I was a little disappointed with this mattress when I firstly sleep on it because it's not as hard as I thought. This mattress is for my mother in-law. She even couldn't fall to sleep when she tried it. It was too soft to support the body and too hot to sleep on during summer time. Have to return it and change into one that's harder and more expensive...
latex is more supportive and last much longer,really comfortable ! and of course, it cost more
Ordered the 8 inch figured, 8 is better then 6......sadly I barely got 6 inches when it expanded, it also has a odor to it, have tried opening the bedroom window and pointing a fan at it, febrezed it, still has a odor :(

Its comfort level is not bad...just feels really lumpy in the middle.
I bought this mattress only because my wife wanted the memory foam option for her back. The mattress is comfortable and a good sleep, but i still can't enjoy these qualities. Why? It's been two weeks since we bought it and the horrible fabric smell from the mattress is far from gone. I am changing sheets every other day, i even left it for a day outside for the wind and the sun to hopefully eliminate that smell. But nothing has helped yet. What's worse is that this is a smell of chemicals, that's what's inside those memory foam mattress. I guess, i get what i pay for. I am going to wait another week and if the smell don't go by then and i will return and buy something that's higher quality.
We bought this to replace our mattress, and it is not thick enough for us. Wish I could have seen a sample first before purchasing. But alas, that is the negative of buying online. Would be great for a child's room or a thin single person. But I wouldn't recommend it for a couple.
In the past we bought the skinny mattress from IKEA, it worked well. We thought that something thicker will be even better, but it did not really went that way. It is very firm, we did not like it.
I purchased a twin size 8" spa sensation mattress back in June and LOVED it! So I decided to buy another one, this time I ordered the California King 8" mattress. The delivery was great as always and I unpacked the mattress and placed it on the foundation to expand. The mattress is still sitting on the foundation untouched for 4 days now and the edges and corners are 3 1/2 4 inches thick tops. I am so disappointed with this mattress especially after I loved the first one so. There is no way I can compress it again to send it back. Not sure how to proceed.
Edges are rounded off and mattress is not 8" inches!!!!!
Followed instructions before putting on bed but labeled "8 inch" is only about 5 inches thick.
I bought it because it was supposed to conform to the shape of your body,and it does.But it was way too soft and after sleeping on it for four nights my back was saying enough.
I'm 200 lbs and this bed isn't really firm enough. I purchased 2 other beds from Spa Sensations (8" - 6" high density + 2" memory foam), but those were much firmer than this. The key difference in this one is the middle layer that very is weak, and the base isn't high density enough. If you are lighter and like a soft bed, you might like this one, but it's barely substantial enough for my weight.
We bought this mattress (actually two one full and one twin), for our kids new bunk bed.
It did not turn out like what we wanted it to, given that it is very soft and as soon as you lie down, you sink inside it. This caused a bit of back ache to me when I used the full one.

Please re-think and do your research before buying this product.
i just got this mattress yesterday, i purchased it for the price and it had great reviews. Let me just say this is the hardest, most uncomfortable mattress I've ever had....should've known for how cheap it was. I should've bought a regular mattress, very disappointed!!!!!!
We already had Spa sensation 6" and we liked it very much. So we decide to get the 8" thinking that it will be better. To our surprised the 8" is so soft in the middle, that it's not comfortable. We decided to get another 6" Spa sensation. I guess it depends on individual who uses it.

Side note: We ordered this online and was delivered via Fedex. but returning it via carrier, it's a bit harder, make sure to call Walmart.Com customer service and inform them that USPS will not take mattresses back, because it exceeds the limit of 107 inches. (HxLxW). Walmart customer service here in the US are very accommodating and nice. They arranged for another carrier service to pick up the mattress back. Thank you Walmart, please keep up the excellent service you provide.
I feel as though my waist and hips sink into the mattress but the rest of me are still on top. As though I am sleeping with my legs on a hill. I bought this looking at the good reviews. You get what you pay for.
Even though the bed feels great it did not expand nowhere near the advertised 8 "..it said to give the bed 2-3 days too reach it's full size and yet it's been weeks and the bed is consistently 5 and half to 6 inches.
A bit disappointed not only the smells that came out from the foam for a week ( im guessing chemicals) but it seems more like 6and1/2 inches maybe 7 but not a full 8" like stated. The only positive is it is comfy.
This bed sleeps OK for a short while. The mattress is not firm whatsoever and due to this I wake up with back pain daily now. It is a great mattress if you like an extremely soft one. It is also LONGER than my full size mattress by about 4 inches. This makes that bed look awkward.
Got the 8" memory foam mattress not really any memory to it at all. As soon as you get into it, it sinks to the wood you would need at least another 4" pad of some sort to get any comfort from this not ment for bigger people. Its kinda like sleeping on your couch cushions with wood support under them. Its to big to put in the car to return and good luck mailing it back!
feels cheap actual size is not 8 " and If you are huge you will sink in and wake up with back and neck pain... DO not buy .
i usually enjoy firm beds, but this one feels like you are sleeping on a tile floor with only a blanket under you. we put a 4 inch memory foam topper on top of it and it is better, but we arent sure that we are going to keep it
It is not as comfortable as it looks to be. It shows a beautiful picture. I might be more comfortable with a different foundation.
I have waited about 6 months before I gave a review on this mattress hoping my view of it would change but it didn't. The mattress never fully expanded. It is only 5.5 inches. Don't buy the 8 inch memory foam mattress. Spend the extra money and get a 10-12 inch one. When sitting down on the side of the mattress you literally sink all the way to the bottom which tells me as well the thing didn't expand all the way to the full size. Another thing that is hard to deal with is the heat this thing generates. I wake up in a pile of sweat every single morning. I'm sure there are cooler memory foam mattresses out there so make sure you shop around before you buy one.
This was an inexpensive mattress that will serve it's purpose. We needed a mattress for the guest room, which will only be used on occasion. Not so sure how it would stand up to everynight use. Would be worried about the quality for that use. Was a little worried about the big warning on the side of the box that said this mattress was very flammable, keep away from open flame. ??? Will make sure to keep all candles out of this room.
Memory foam is thinner than 8 in. Once opened can't get back in box. Go w a 1/ in.
since purchase, and I'm waking up with my hips locked and in spasm. It's not holding its firmness; rather, the 8" seems to be sinking down and not building back up so it feels as though my hips are resting directly on the base.

Reviewing the warranty shows "please fill out the warranty card" which we didn't get, so I'm pretty sure the "5-year warranty" which was what drove my purchase of this mattress is, happily for Spa Sensations, null and void.

I'm extremely disappointed. I'd hoped that with the bravado of a five-year warranty, this mattress would hold up at least more than four months!
I thought it liked it till after only one month i noticed it became lumpy (sinking in) in certain spots. Heaven forbid you sleep in the same spot every night cause it will stay permanently sinked in from where you slept!! kinda lame right?
I would have given this a 2.My reason why I don't like this at all is, even though a sheet is added u have to lift your body when u want to move instead of rolling over or it causes u to have a sticky feeling.
I purchased 2 memory foam mattresses from 2 different companies. This one has been set up for 3 days. Some spots measure 6" and others 6.5". Nowhere does it measure 8". Very soft. No support. I will be returning and reordering in the other brand.
Not what I expected. Bed in a box never flattened out completely.
Returned mattress after one night of terrible sleep. Mattress sags in the middle and is not firm as stated in the previews. Very disappointed in the quality.
so had this for 1 year, and it started off ok. but now i have issues with it. it sinks too much, and the elasticity of the foam is awful it's ok for laying down on for 1hr but then is just terrible. Will be looking at a latax matress, that will last longer. to be fair for it's price it's not that bad
I was SO excited when this was delivered, but that died as soon as the box was opened. The mattress never expanded to 8 inches. The maximum height it achieved was 6.5. In addition, I'm not entirely sure if the mattress has a hard layer, or if I'm 'bottoming out', but it's excruciatingly HARD.

I'm sure this would be wonderful for a child, or college student, but not for an adult couple. I've only had it for a couple of weeks, but it may be going back. I feel if I could get one that was truly 8 inches in height, it would make all the difference.
Bought a memory foam mattress before from walmart, and that was great. bought this one and it didn't go to 8". hovering about 6.5" and very disappointed by that.
It looks good and has a great price but the product is not good at all. It sinks all the way in and feels like ur sitting/ sleeping on box spring. Am taking it back
I was really excited about this bed because of the good reviews. It expands to a good 7.5 inches but it is a little too firm for side sleepers like me. When I sleep on my back, it feels really warm in the morning and my back has been breaking out in acne. I think only the top part of the bed is memory foam, the rest is something else. I would still keep this bed for the guest room and buy a new bed since it is difficult to deliver it to the store to return it.
I purchased a 6" one a year ago and have loved it. This one is a week old and it is already squashed on border and we always roll off edge because of it. It won't pop back up around the edges. Have to return it.
This mattress was to firm. Could not get comfortable. Back and hips hurt all night. Had to buy a 3" memory foam topper to be able to use this mattress without pain.
The mattress is too soft, can feel the box springs beneath it. I went with the thicker 8" mattress but probably should have went with a 12" mattress could I have afforded it. The mattress also heats up and when you live in a humid, hot climate, a hot mattress is not conducive to healthy sleep habits. If you or your significant other weigh more than 130 pounds, this is not the mattress for you. For a single person, it would probably be ok but for 2 people, no.
We originally went from a water bed to a pillow top king size bed. We then went to a California Kin and decided to try the memory foam mattress. This one was inexpensive and worth a try. Not being use to a firm mattress, it has taken me quite some time to be comfortable. I have had back pain since getting this mattress and am considering going back to a pillow top.
I bought the 8" Full and:

-It was delivered 3 or 4 days after I ordered it
-It was very easy to unwrap and assemble. I did it by myself, without scissors and without ripping or cutting the mattress very easily
-It had a smell for the first day or two, but so do all memory foam mattresses, and the smell before it disappeared was not intolerable or even unpleasant to me
-It is maybe 6" at best after 3 weeks
-It is much firmer than I expected
-It is so thin that I can feel the metal foundation underneath when I put my full weight on it (e.g. if I kneel on the mattress on my knees to adjust the window blinds above it, I can feel the metal foundation under my knees)

Hope this helps.
Has a tendency to sink when laid on, and I only weigh 126, so other larger folks would probably have a real problem.
This was one of the least supportive beds I've ever tried.

The materials tag on the bed read something like 35% viscoelastic (ie, memory) foam, 75% foam.

It's mostly regular foam. The memory effect was minimal, and the feel of it is dramatically different from Tempurpedic and other more expensive memory foam brands. This isn't necessarily a drawback, as a layer of regular foam can help add support, like the product description suggests. Unfortunately, the regular foam portion isn't firm enough to truly add support. It only seems to be there to lower the cost of materials.

The mattress unfolded and expanded evenly, so there was no issue with the lumpiness that some others described.

At the price it goes for, it's not a bad value, but it's terribly unsupportive.
I bought two twins, one of them has never expanded for about third of it's length, the upper memory foam layer remained compressed and this bed has part of it 8" and part with less than 6".
For the price, I was expecting a better matress. It measures 6.5-7 inches. The description said something like it may vary due the way it was cut., but how does an inch and a half get taken off? We waited the 48 hrs that was recommened to allow for the matress to reach its full height but it never reached 8 inches. I have bought foam matresses from other places and have not had such a big descrepency. The only reason I didn't send it back was beacause my son was okay with his new matress.
If you want to be cradled in bed, this would be the bed for you. However, if you like a firmer mattress don't buy this. Both myself and my husband wake up, roll out of our hole, stiff as a board. We will buy something else.
Item was shipped in a vacuum seal and needed 48 hrs to retake it's shape. After 48hrs the mattress is 5-6" instead of 8" and inconsistent in shape due to folding and vacuum seal.
OMG I have never been so disappointed in a purchase as I was in this one! I guess I have to take the blame for not reading the word FIRM in the reviews! I was looking for a soft bed and I got a brick! I am stuck with it now and after 3 weeks it has gotten a little bit softer but I still wake up with the stiff joints. Taught me a valuable lesson ALWAYS READ THE FINE PRINT!!!
You definitely get what you pay for here. Small layer of memory foam on top of regular foam layer with a cover over all. I could of made my own......I would not recommend this product especially if you're going to sleep on it every night. Disappointing!!!!!!
Super soft, super thin, not at all comfortable ...A horror!
I ordered this with high hopes it only got to be about six inches not 8 no support to it i have had nothing but back aches cant afford to get a new bed till next year buyer beware
I bought this bed for my daughter for Christmas 2014. I am writing review now because I wanted to give it time. The mattress does not support your back or anything of that matter. I have back issues and each morning I wake up with my back hurting more. Last evening my daughter sleep with me on one we had purchased from Aldis. Yes that is right Aldis. My daughter said to me I know what you mean mom when you wake up and have your back hurting more. My point is she like the memory foam mattress I bought from Aldis better. This mattress is way to soft. After several months of sleeping on the mattress is has become concave where my daughter sleeps. We have turn the mattress several time but each time where ever you sleep the mattress becomes concave. I will be looking for a new mattress for my daughter.
Love it! Fast delivery. Mattress is very comfortable and perfect for our camper. Would recommend this to everyone.
You sink straight through needs more support
Hard, Hot Lumpy. It doesnot work well with suggested Frame. Frame is supposed to support more weight then we are and it is bending. Mattress has never lived up to it's description !
I did not like the mattress it didn't inflate up to 8 inches so i am going to take it back and purchase a 12 inch queen size and hope that it inflates to the correct size
I will never oder a mattress online from walmart again!!
i purchased this mattress for our grandson when he stays over. I was really shocked that it is not p to standard. this matress is not confortable when u lay down on it yo sink all the way down tor grandson has used it for almost a week and there is an indentation in the middle that will not go away. I would not recommend this matress to anyone
I have bought Queen size mattress for my guest room. However, the mattress comes smaller than its size. I have queen size mattress and its not the same size as this brand. Very disappointed. However, the mattress is very comfort.
I really don't have anything postitive to say about this mattress. Ours did not decompress to 8 inches, it is only 6 1/2, even after 3 days of having it laid out flat. When we put it on the box spring, it was like we were laying on the FLOOR.

The first two nights after we had it on the bed (so 5 nights after we opened the box), the chemical smell was so horrible I woke up with a really bad headache. We toughed it out and used this mattress for 7 nights, but when I woke up and couldn't walk because of low back pain, it was time to put the 22 year old mattress back on. The back pain went away.

I HATE that I wasted $226 on this piece of junk that I will NEVER use.
I bought this matress for my spare room. The matress had such strong sinthetic smell that i had to leave the window open for two days...and still was smelling. So i returned it!
My old Mattress gave me a sore back, but this 8" Memory Foam mattress made it worse. I put the mattress on my box springs, and I read the reviews and thought that I finally found a solution to my back aches. But I was sadly mistaken. I only slept on it for one night, and I could hardly move in the morning. I received this Mattress on 4/21/15, and it was back in the store for a refund on 4/24/15. Worse purchase that I ever made.
Not as advertised only 6" not 8"
I have brought all 4 memory foam mattress from Walmart before under brand name Slumber 1 staring as early as 2006 (walmart no longer sale memory foam mattress under Slumber 1). Those mattress are good, and I am still using them as today.
I brought the Spa Sensation memory foam back in 2012, that one was not memory foam at all and smells very bad. It never raise up to 8". I return that one.
2014, I want to get the twin size 8", after seeing all those good reviews. I decide I should try it. Hoping maybe I will lucking to have a good one. I was so disappointed. This time the memory foam is even worse. It is not memory foam. I lay down on it, my body hit the bottom of the mattress. I have to return this once again. I am glad that I did not have to return a king size, just twin.

I really want to let people know, if you have not buy a memory foam before, you should go to a mattress store, try out a memory foam. see what is looks like. then you can make a better decision to buy the Spa Sensation 8" or not. I ending up buying one from one of the club store. I have to pay double for a twin size, but you do get what you are pay for.
Got this mattress for a guestroom. Took about 5 days to get to the local Walmart for pickup. Brought it home and opened the box. The instructions stated wait 48 to 72 hours for it to fully expand. We waited 7 days and it was still a lumpy mess. Contacted the manufacturer and they had us send pictures of the mattress and the manufacturer tag. They stated it was defective and that they do not have any more in that size, so just return it to walmart. Ended up buying a slightly more expensive great matress from amazon. Delivered in 1 day and fully expanded in a few hours. It was not a great situation to return the partially inflated mattress, but walmart did not give us any problems but it was another 40 mile round trip to return it.
I apologize, but, because of the thickness of this mattress, I thought, that it would've been a lot softer.
A memory foam mattress is supposed to relieve back pain. But this particular hurt my back so badly. I don't know why. My back hasn't been so painful for my whole life.
