(although the wrong color was sent)
A birthday gift for my grandson an he loves it,don't want to put it down..price was great,received it in time..very satisfied ..
A+ product and the best price anywhere.
Absolutely LOVED my Ipad Mini - perfect size, fabulous graphics, awesome aps, light weight compared to my Kindle. All for 10 days. Then NOTHING! Will not even turn on. It completely died. Taking it back to the store and will try again with another.
Absolutely love it! It shipped early too~
Absolutely love the ipad mini--it's just the right size to put in your purse. The aps it comes with are great for getting started!
Absolutely meets all of my expectations. I would recommend this to anyone who is into technology as myself
After about a week and a half I upgraded to the Ipad Air with AT&T cellular and am completely happy. A slightly larger screen, lightweight and works everywhere.
After looking for this iPod mini, this was the best value around. A lot of places are selling it for a minimum of $ 299. Not only was it less, it came with a bundle (on special).
After returning other tablets that broke the first day the kids had them, these tablets are strong and easy to use for my young children.
After searching for the best price for this item on a number of sites, I just happened to check your site to see what you might be charging and to read some of your reviews before deciding who I would purchase from. It was no contest! you had the best price ever! I was blown away and could not believe that there would not be something wrong down the road, however I ordered it anyway, and boy was I surprised! it was just what I wanted it was brand spanking new(not refurbished) and I set it up the same day I received it without a hitch! it looked great and worked great! so much so I told a friend who was looking to purchase a tablet to make sure he checked you out! and to top it all off your service was spot on fast and easy from start to finish. So thanks again for a great product, great price, and great service.
All I hoped it would be for a personal small computer
All in one tablet. The possibilities of doing anything are endless. Awesome product cheap prices. My child loves it.
All the way around good purchase. In store delivery works great for me as it's on my way home from work and the iPad is great too. Really enjoying it.
Also got 2 year protection which is Great!
Also seamlessly use email, iMessage, and Facetime :)
Also the delivery date was as promised.
Also, battery life is about 4+ hours depending on how you are using it.
Always been a PC person until I purchased this little gem from Apple. Never look back. Get one. Absolutely no cons. All pros.
Always wanted an iPad because of their reliability and operating system. When Wal-Mart offered this product at $199, I had to jump on it. Great price and value. Love the ease of using the iPad Mini. So much more friendly than the Samsung Tab2 I have.
Am still waiting for paperwork for the extend service agreement I purchased but other than that I really like the Ipad mini and Wal Mart is great to work with. I just hope I get some paperwork sent to me to show that I purchased the extended service agreement.
Amazing
Amazing tool for my son at school. I should have waited to purchase because now the IPad Mini2 is $25 cheaper than the IPad Mini. Other than that great product.
An Apple iPad MINI, Apple is all you need to say. All their products are GREAT!
And
And she is happy with it so it must be ok.
Android is much easier to use and you have to pay for a lot of apps.I liked facetime and taking videos.
Another feature that drew me to the iPad was the fact that apple has the largest app store meaning that the iPad gives you the widest variety of apps to choose from. This goes for applications that will help me in the class room, such as planning and scheduling apps to keep me on time and turning assignments in on time. I also like how many social networking and entertainment apps it allows me to use.
Apple I Pad mini 46gb Wi-Fi
Apple has great products and they are intuitive, easy to use, and of great quality.
Apple iPad Mini is a perfect starter iPad for kids. My grandson loves his!
Apple is a good product I've always wanted one in this meets everything I expected of an apple.
Apple mini ipad
Apple product speaks for itself. After lots of research, found it cheapest here.
Apple products always exceed my expectations. Definitely worth paying a bit more for the quality.
Apple quality
Apple quality - walmart pricing ! perfect pairing!
Apple was doing the LA velvet rope routine and making people wait before going into the store. I don't have time to play marketing games and didn't wait in the velvet line. Instead I returned the iPad mini. Very happy with the Nexus 7 and even writing this review using it.
Arrived very quickly though. Unfortunately had to return it just as fast.
As a die hard apple user, I absolutely love the mini. It does everything the big iPad does but is smaller and easier to hold. I will be using it for some of my college homework that is due online and it works great.
As a long time Android fan, I decided to get an iPad mini to experience Apples iOS environment. I have to say its beautiful. The specific iPad Mini is the first generation and there another version available that features the much praised retina display. There is a clear difference in visual quality but nothing that would disappoint anyone. With the dual core professor and 1gb of ram, this product still shows crisp fonts and stunning HD videos.
As always, never had an issue with an Apple product. Everything great right out of the box. Bought this for 4 yo granddaughter, we bought the Nabi 2 years ago and it was too cartoonish/not very clear. Last year bought an android tablet from Dell, top of the line, and it was not kid friendly at all. Nothing beats the Apple ipad for easy use!
As an Apple product, it is easy to use and syncs with my other apple products. I am a 43 year old "kind of" tech savvy and am able to set it up by myself without the aid of my daughter! That is saying a lot. Lol!!
As soon as the box arrived I was screaming at the top of my lungs! It didn't take long for it to arrive either. Packaged perfectly, nothing damaged , it was beautiful! Im on my iPad everyday for hours at a time. Watching my favorite shows on my iPad is sweet! I love my iPad sooooooo much!!!
As with other apple products, it's plug & play, no nonsense like those android tabs.
At first I thought " this is just like a big Ipod" but after using it for a while I really like it. It's great for traveling, a perfect size, and all my songs transferred to it automaticly.
At first you would think you wouldn't need it but after playing around with it, you will find yourself using it everyday!
At the end of the day, this is a great product and I recommend it to android fans who want an apple experience for a low cost.
Awesome
Awesome buy.. Great product and great price!..Walmart is the best
Awesome for the price
Awesome handy little gadget!
Awesome tablet
Awesome!!
Awesome!!! Everything u would expect$$$$
Beautifully designed.Very good cameras. Largest library of tablet apps.If you want the full, polished Apple tablet experience in a smaller package, the iPad Mini is worth the premium price. Otherwise, good alternatives are available for less money.
Been using mine for about a month and a half. Love the convenience. I'm sure the person I am giving this one to will be delighted.
Before Xmas last year I bought a Samsung tab3 7" and was very disappointed with it. It's processing speed was very slow and some of my favorites apps didn't work. I thought I would try an android tablet because I couldn't afford the ipad I really wanted. I have an iPhone 4S which I love and have also had a couple iPod touches . So yeah I love Apple products. So when the iPad mini went on sale Father's Day weekend for $ 199.00 I had to buy one. Let's say even though this isn't the latest and greatest iPad mini with retina display it did not disappoint me. All my favorite apps work it's processing speed is good and I can't complain about anything. I'm very happy with my purchase.
Being a novice, the pad seems to be straight forward to use. The main reason I got it was for the 2 camaras so I could have a small devise to take pictures and still use the web. I had another pad that did not have the 2 camaras and sent it back.
Best Chritmas present I ever bought for myself. I have an iPad 1 and was. Concerned about the size of the mini but it is perfect
Best electronic device I ever bought
Best ever......I bought 2 iPads mini for my kids.... They r in luv with it .....specially I done my surfing on it ..... N completely satisfied ..... Luv u apple
Best money I ever spent got my girlfriend one to lot of fun video callin
Best price I found. Delivered to the store for free.
Best price around
Best price around on ipad mini. Easy to use with a little help from experienced friends. Small size and light weight make it easy to slip in a bag or carry. Most people who have full size wish they had the mini. I can download all the material I need for study and meetings so that is is available without internet and I don't have to pack a bunch of books. Very easy to take photos and with a few clicks e mail to family. Love my mini.
Best price found. It also included free shipping directly to my home. My family loves the iPad mini.
Best product ever.
Best purchase ever.
Best tablet I have ever owned ! I love this iPad so much so fast great picture
Best value product as it cost double the price in England . Very easy to use .
Better than I expected and that's high!
Bought 2 for christmas gifts. Got for a great price and the girls have used them everyday since they got them.
Bought a Nexus7. I mail ordered the ipad mini and before getting it i attempted to get a demo at the apple store to compare.
Bought a NexusNexus 7 and returned the iPad mini.
Bought as a gift, but used before I gave it to make sure it met expectations. It works great.
Bought for 13 year old goddaughter for school and of course to use at home. She loves it!!
Bought for 9 almost 10 year old , perfect for his age and he loves it!!
Bought for a christmas gift for my mom. Prefect for her to keep up with her small business and easily take credit card payments when she's selling at pop up shops.
Bought for a friend and I have heard nothing good. I am not happy with the thing.
Bought for a holiday gift, and can't wait to give!
Bought for an elderly loved one with Dementia. The Mini works flawlessly,, is easy to use and setup was a breeze. Amazing technology.
Bought for daughter as a reward for good work in school. Prompt delivery and excellent condition and service.
Bought for daughter for birthday, she has played with it since, very good price.
Bought for grandson just starting high school he loves it said it is great for doing home work on
Bought for husband who doesn't type and wasn't sure he wanted a computer. Grandson set it up and introduced him to "Siri," and gave him a stylus (he calls his finger)! He loves it and uses it every day!
Bought for my 9 year old son... He loves it!!!
Bought for my child. He loves it. very happy with this product. I got it for a Great price on black friday at Walmart.
Bought for my grandson and it is just the right size for him
Bought got my son for Christmas , he loves it i would definitely recommend it :)
Bought it for my 9yr old daughter and she loves it. It's the perfect size. Great price too!
Bought it for my cousin brother . He's very happy
Bought it for my daughter for her birthday and I take it from her all the time to use it. I want one! Easy to use and just the right size. Had it for about 2 weeks, no complaints so far.
Bought it for my mum and she really love the size is great easy to take it with her anywhere
Bought many items from Walmart especial mini ipad $199 order online and pick up in store transaction went perfect. I would recommend to friends and will buy from walmart agai and again
Bought the Product thursday night. didn't use it at all on saturday opened it Sunday for it to not be working. Could not even see the screen It was all jumbled and messed up. Returned it that Sunday and went to att and bought a different one.
Bought these for my kids they love it would def reccomend it
Bought these two items for my two young granddaughters for Christmas who are both very much into them. These have Disney apps available for them which the children love.
Bought this Apple I Pad for my Grandson - I choose Apple because of the Game Apps that he enjoys - This I Pad is a great size and holds enough games - My Grandson Loves It !!!!!!
Bought this a few months ago after having bad experiences with (2) 8.1 tablets. Should have spent the extra money for this first since I've used (3) different models of IPhones. The IPad functions almost exactly like the phone (Note: I only use this as I would use a laptop. No messenging, etc.).
Bought this as a graduation gift for my granddaughter. I have one myself and knew she would love the convenience of the smaller IPad that she could carry anywhere with her.
Bought this for Christmas present
Bought this for a gift for my Granddaughter who will be 16 it works well for her she is Very Happy with her Ipad mini.
Bought this for my 12 year old daughter for her birthday and she can't put it down!! Great price$$$ I did ship to store, it was there in a few hours!!! I will be getting another iPad mini for my upcoming sons birthday
Bought this for my 13-year old daughter for Christmas...she's yet to put it down.
Bought this for my 17 year old son, he loves it its just what jud needs.perfect size to bring anywhere.
Bought this for my daughter for Christmas. She absolutely loves it!!! Has all the features of the full size iPad yet it is smaller, lighter and easier for her to handle.
Bought this for my pre-teen. The size and weight are perfect for her
Bought this for my son for Christmas and the first day the screen cracked. I was against anything "I" or apple but since it was for Christmas I went against everything I knew about this company. Do your self a favor but if you have to buy one just get the protection plan cause you'll need it over and over.
Bought this for my wife who's battling cancer. She absolutely loves it.
Bought this for our daughter who is in college out of state. She owns a regular MacBook but this tablet will be lighter, more portable and ultimately easier for her to check assignments etc when she's on campus. She's loving it very much! Seems to have all that she was seeking!
Bought this iPad for my grandchild instead of the children tablet. It was the same price as the Samsung Children tablet. This iPad was a better learning tool with cheaper APS to purchase and better quality. She will never outgrow this.
Bought two of these and absolutely love them! They work great, no issues and lots of fun! Perfect for videos, pictures, games and Internet use! Great purchase! No regrets!!
Bought two, for my girls and they love it.
Buying for grandkids and actually need 3 more. To bad the limit was only 1.
Buying the refurbished device for my 11yr old was just as good as a new one! It's like buying a certified pre-owned BMW... Good product/great value!
Buying this product was the best decision I have ever made.
Came fast. Just what I expected in the product itself.
Came quickly and wirking great
Came quickly though it was not packaged well by Walmart. Fortunately, there was no shipping damage. I gave this a a gift to a family member who loves it.
Camera is grainy in indoor / night .
Can not rate yet it is a chrismas gift
Can't beat am iPad! This was a great deal and came very fast! Made my daughter very happy!
Can't go wrong with Apple products.
Can't imagine not having the iPad mini. A must have to any apple collection.
Can't put it down. I watch movies, play games, download music, surf the internet. It's very quickly replacing my laptop.
Can't say enough good things about this . Has almost taken the place of my computer . With all the free apps available you can do just about anything. The price was right , it iseasy to understand and to use . My only complaint would be that messages works very erratically ,most of the times not at all
Can't wiat for the surprise on Christmas morning!
Chances are good that the price will drop even further closer to Christmas.
Christmas gift
Cons: Doesn't come with instuctions or a manual. You have to go online to view instructions.
Cool device. Work and play!
Couldn't be happier with this purchase. EXACTLY what I wanted in a tablet... Small enough but not too small and an Apple product.
Daughter loved it!
Daughter loves it
Dealing with Apple in general is usually a headache, but my 4year old is very pleased with this product.
Definitely easy to use and sync with iTune .
Definitely what I expected of an apple product, design n functionality.
Delivered before estimated delivery time. Packaged great! I was impressed with iPad mini. Would recommend
Delivery was on time and quicker than I expected. I immediately placed my new iPad mini in a Griffin Survivor Game -friendly hand cushioned case. I quickly learned to transfer most of my apps, photos, music, and contacts from my ipad2. I am pleased with how light this iPad is compared to my larger one. Love the new one, and looking forward to many good years with it.
Did everything I expected. Great shopping experience.
Didn't know much about the technical stuff but easy to figure out. I would tell my friends about this purchase..
Disapointed in the user guide, but hear from friends it is a great product. I'm not very tech-savey & haven't figured out how to set it up so my disabled husband can use it from his chair. I have a friend that has one that is supposed to come by to help. I just couldn't find any help answering questions from your user guide or on the ipad mini set up features so could never get past the first few pages.
Do We!
Does everthing u need it to do
Does everything the phone does. Apple makes great products. I really enjoy the restriction option that you can use on their devices
Does everything you need a tablet for.c
Does more than an iPad I bought three years ago and much less cost. Love it and so easy to carry.
Don't buy these. They are the very slow iPad.
Easier for the kids to see tha the ipod
Easy hold and carry, web surf is very fast.
Easy peasy. Just wish I had bought 2 at the great price I got.
Easy pick up
Easy to set up and all of the features of the IPad 2 with a better price! I have both and love the compact size of the iPod mini as it is ready to go anywhere!
Easy to set up and user friendly, does everything.
Easy to use
Easy to use and get going. Clear screen.
Easy to use and getting started
Easy to use with iOS. Handy and a lot less bulk for checking email or doing quick internet searches without the bulk of a laptop. Replaced an android device with this one. IOS is just better than an android operating system.
Easy to use, versatile. I even got to FaceTime my parents while they were in Italy.
Easy to use. Screen is a great size. Glad I bought it
Easy to work
Enjoying
Even without my help. What more can you ask for.
Every thing Perfect
Every thing is good But having a hard time magnifying,.
Everything I expected and more. Love it.
Everything I want in a small footprint tablet.
Everything I was looking for in a tablet.
Everything in order
Everything runs great. The lightning connection is great. And the space grey color looks beautiful.
Everything you need right at your fingertips
Exactly what I needed to replace 1st gen iPad! And sooo much lighter!
Exactly what I needed, a larger version of my tried and true iPhone. Makes surfing the web and handling email much easier on the eyes without having to break out the laptop.
Exactly what I wanted! Great product!
Excelent Tablet for very good price!
Excellent
Excellent Apple iPad for my 5 year old for Christmas. Just the right size and price! Absolutely happy with this purchase.
Excellent buy. Meets and exceeds my expectations!
Excellent happy with my product
Excellent iPad for great price
Excellent item for girlfriend or wife. A lot of apps and music she enjoys
Excellent operation, Apps, etc.
Excellent price
Excellent price and works great
Excellent product
Excellent product and excellent price! We are very,, very happy with it!
Excellent product at the best price.
Excellent product for surfing web and utilizing all the apps Apple has to offer.
Excellent product for the price. Bought these as Christmas presents for my grandchildren.
Excellent product. I strongly recommend this product!
Excellent product.. delivery arrived ahead of time. Great Buy!
Excellent purchase
Excellent purchase. Very speedy delivery from walmart and my new Ipad is so user friendly and easy to use!!
Excellent resolution, easy to hold and use in your hand and fits comfortably in your purse.
Excellent tablet for everyone in the house A+++
Excellent value for the money
Excellent!!!!
Excellent, fits in my purse! Works great! And is lighter than the IPAD II.
Excellent. Exactly as described.
Exelant
Extremely light and portable
Extremely pleased with this tablet. So intuitively designed. It was extremely easy to set-up and sync with the iPhone! Using the desktop less and less now -- this has become the main computer for all the communication needs. The best part is that it is so light and portable and the battery lasts at least a couple of days. I recommend this device without reservation!
Extremely satisfied, lowest price I could find. Came with Siri which I didn't expect AND with 2 excellent apps for word processing and spreadsheets. Very easy to use, highly recommended
Ez to work has a big screen so its not really mini perfect for my kids highly recommend
Fabulous! Now I can FaceTime with my grandkids! Worth every penny!
Family enjoys. Grest shipping.
Fantastic product for a college student. The service was impeccable!
Fantastic tablet for the younger ones. I have a full size IPad 2, and love it. Pair it up with a pink Belkin case, my daughter is thrilled!
Fast delivery and an exceptional product
Fast delivery! This ipad is a nice size and easy to set up. It is a gift for my wife and she is getting a lot of use from it.
Fast delivery....in perfect shape. Really pleased with the product. Browser and apps give me all the things I need quickly. Highly recommend this product.
Fast next day shipping! Received in two days! I love everything about it!
Fast shipping
Fast shipping and great product.
Fast shipping, good price
Fast start up and being smaller is great to use around the house. I love it!
Finding that processing anything on the internet is pretty slow. Thought it was my wifi but did a side-by-side comparison with my phone and the phone was faster. Get the 2 or 3 model for the "current day" browsing speed you will expect.
First I want to say that I absolutely love my iPad mini... The only problem I have was with Walmart that they sent my package through FedEx and didn't require a signature and they ended up leaving my package on my doorstep. I paid a lot of money for this product and it should not be just left at the door without a signature. They should require signatures on all packages.
First time iPad owner. Easy set up. Everything works. It is great!!
First time on line Walmart purchase and I was not disappointed. The ipad mini was in a flawless package and was in perfect, tip top condition. Product works like a dream, I would recommend one if you are in that "thinking about it" stage. I thought about it for a while and I am happy I made the purchase. Computers are not my forte, but the mini is easy to use.
First time using IPad after using Kindle for a couple of years and I really like it. I am still learning how to use it and all the different things it does. Great camera and video, streams really good and has great volume.
Fit my wife's needs who doesn't like Windows 8. Works just like her iPhone....
Fits in my handbag perfectly so I can always have it with me. I don't have a smart phone so this is the next best thing.
For some, the only drawback of purchasing a refurbished iPad is the lack of technical support from Apple. But after owning several Apple products we don't mind forgoing the technical support. We did purchase the Walmart warranty . Although we always purchase the Walmart warranty for a new Apple products as well.
For the past year or so, I wanted an Ipad or Ipad Mini. I did not know why I wanted it but now I do.
For the price. The iPad mini is perfect for my 2 1/2 year old.... Yes he is spoiled, but his older brother and sister have one and it keeps him calm... And why wast money on a kindle or a leap pad or a DS, when all they want is a iPad anyway... This I pad is durable and easy too use.
Found this item listed online for $199! my 12 y/o loves it!
Fun and easy to use. My one disappointment is the limited ability to share files with my Mac. My android smart phone can interface with my Mac better than this iPad; the android phone can act almost like a wireless external hard drive, like my Mac laptop and desktop do with each other. I tried using the iTunes interface for the iPad but it seems too clumsy.
GOT THIS FOR MY SON FOR CHRISTMAS. HE LOVES IT. LIKE HAVING A MINI IPHONE RIGHT IN YOUR HANDS BUT BIGGER. HE HAS NOT STOPPED USING IT SINCE HE OPENED IT. LOVE IT AND THINKING OF GETTING ONE FOR MYSELF.
Gave it to wife for Christmas and she loves it.
Gave the Apple iPad mini as a family gift to grandchildren and their parents. Children are ages 7 & 8. They have no trouble operating the iPad mini. Parents like it also.
Gave these to my boys and they have not put them down. They work great and the clarity is great. Easy to use.
Gave to granddaughther for x-mas.
Gave to my son for 11 year old birthday and he loves it!
Get this you wont be disapponted - better than ANY Black Friday Deals!
Gift for 9 year old has provided many hours of entertainment. She is very satisfied with it and has had no problems.
Given as a gift only posititve feedback , Apple does not make any bad products!
Glad I bought it.
Go Walmart.
Go apple
Good
Good Product and good rate
Good deal. Apple as no complaints. Works perfectly fine.
Good for seniors too!
Good iPad
Good ipad for my use.
Good one i like this tab very much i recommend this it would be good if we have an usb slot of this.
Good price
Good product but priced too high.
Good product exellent prices
Good product, recommended. Absolutely love it.
Good quality item
Good service and good product.
Good side good Picture.
Good value for the cost
Good value.
Gooooooooooooooooooood
Got a Ipad mini. Nice!
Got a great deal and love it.
Got an email from Walmart OnLine telling me that for one day only, I could get an iPad Mini 16gb WiFi for just $199. Received in a few days with free site-to-store shipping. Unit is flawless and just updated to 8.1.1. Works perfectly.
Got it 4 my wife 4 Xmas & she loves it. I've had 1 for 3 years now and they really last, if cared 4 properly and charge regularly...
Got it for my niece and it's so much easier to handle than a full size ipad. All the cousins want one now
Got it for my sons xmas present he's happy that's all i can say!!!definitely worth it, especially for only $199
Got it in good shipping time, it was in good shape
Got my ipad in less than 2 days after ordering. Great price too!
Got my mom an Ipad so she can play games and facetime the grandkids.
Got the iPad mini for a great price on line without having to go to the store on Black Friday.
Got the ipad mini for my 9 year old. She LOVE it!!! Go APPLE!!!!
Got this a couple weeks ago and loving everything about it ,my 8 year old grandson wants one now guess he will get one as a gift for Christmas.I rate this the best out of the other ones I had.
Got this a week ago on the black friday deal,with shipping and tax it was about $330! Sadly they ran iut of the black one but it sure is understandable given the fact thay it was durig the holidays. Iloce this product,shipping was amazing! Get this tab and you'll see why its the right and perfect one!
Got this for me and my kids so they won't fight over the iPad
Got this for my 6 year old son. We LOVE it. Wal-mart's price was by far the best.
Got this for my 7 year old granddaughter and she loves it. Just the right size!
Got this for my daughter for Christmas. It is wonderful. She likes the smaller size for her smaller hands.
Got this for my husband for our trip to Hawaii. He is still using a laptop and not lugging that! Well, I am truly impressed. I have an iPad 2 and I also have a Samsung Galaxy 7 and a Samsung Galaxy 10.1. I love this mini. It is so light weight, the screen is beautiful and setup was so easy - out of box, logged into my account and bam - was all there. Now I have to get him into it but I know he will love this once he starts using it. And so small it fits in my purse - may have to steal from him!
Got this for my mom in law so we can FaceTime. Takes great pics and the display is so clear. Perfect size to take along.
Got this iPad for my son. He loves it. It's the perfect size. Got it the same day I ordered it with ship to store.
Got this iPad mini on sale for $259. It also came with an Ematic 8 in 1 Universal kit for an extra $20. No complaints. Love it!
Got this item for my son for Christmas...which he loves. It was easy to purchase on the Wal-mart website and the delivery was smooth and easy. Got the device within the time-frame noted and well before Christmas.
Got this on sale and it is great!
Got to love apple. :)))
Granddaughter says you cant go wrong with an APPLE. She loves it!
Grandkids love it!! Easy for little hands to hold and easy to navigate.
Granted its not as snappy as my iPad air, it is able to handle everything she can throw AT it (and everything she can throw IT at!)
Great
Great Camera And Great Service ..............
Great Great Great
Great Ipad for a child and adult love it!!!
Great Ipad........good price and works great....Love it and would recommend the Ipad Mini......its worth it...I had another tablet and it was not as nice as this one........its worth to pay a little more for an Ipad..
Great Item
Great Item and a good Value
Great Mini iPad!
Great Product. The Whole Family Has One Now.
Great apple product, they just keep coming - would highly recommend this to anyone - no fees for your cellphone company - this is the way to go
Great battery
Great birthday present for a great price.
Great bundle for the price. I try to shop local as much as I can, but if I would have bought the ipad mini in the store, I would have just gotten the ipad. With ordering this online, I got the ipad mini plus the accessory kit for the same price.
Great buy for a great product.
Great buy, lots of phone. If you love the iPhone's you'll love the ipad
Great buy. Does exactly what I need:-)
Great choice for my 5 and 8 years old
Great choice!
Great device
Great device, fast shipping, great experience
Great device, very comfortable.
Great device. Convenient size to carry around. Easy to hold when using to read books.
Great for $199 online store pickup ,but on the shelf at same store $249 same product just buy online and wait 4 hrs to pick up ,silly but a lot of items are like that at Walmart and target .iPad mini has 95to 99% of what the more expensive ipads have?great value! Even better online! Why? Don't know
Great for computer work, photos, plenty of free apps.
Great for going to meetings, bible studies and field service.
Great for grand children
Great for reading news and playing games. Still don't see any real business use for iPad products other than being able to use them for convenience with staying connected in confined spaces where a laptop may not be practical.
Great for your child's first iPad. Our 5 yo always wanted her brother's full size pad, and lost interest in her Kindle (passed down from brother). Can't wait for Santa!
Great gift for an even greater deal!!
Great gift for kids!
Great gift for the person looking to give
Great gift for the significant other.
Great gift my mom loved it
Great ipad
Great item and affordable.
Great item and easy to use. Perfect for a young novice. It sure made his day. Quick delivery. Well packaged.
Great item and great price.
Great item for my godchild! She loves it!
Great item for the $
Great item! A lot lighter.
Great item! I used it on an international trip and was pleased at its performance, Love the color!
Great item, light weight, easy to use
Great item. Easy setup. Good charge out of box.
Great item. Works great.
Great item... So easy to use. Perfect for my 10 yr old
Great learning tool 4 my great-grandson!
Great little gadget
Great little iPad. Small enough to keep in my purse or bag and easy to use. Graphics are great. This is the first apple product I have used. Ive alwayd had android phones and a kindle fire. I like that it has more aapps, comparedto kindle anyways. The only thing i dont like is that the apps arent customizable. On my android, for instance, i can take off apps that i dont use. With the apple there are certain ones that have tostay .
Great little tech device with an intuitive logical format. It was my wife's Christmas gift. She has not set it down since unwrapping the package!
Great low prices.
Great online deal and well worth the money!
Great price Walmart!!!!
Great price and it will make a great gift for my sister-in-law who doesn't even know I bought her a gift this year!
Great price and quality
Great price and quick free shipping to store for easy pick up.
Great price for a great product with free shipping. What not to love
Great price on ipad aND son loves it
Great price! Arrived quickly
Great product
Great product & price, fast delivery
Great product - extreme user-friendly. Ready to use right out of the box.
Great product and even better price
Great product and price.
Great product and value
Great product at a great price!
Great product easy to use right out of the box
Great product for excellent price!
Great product for my kids. My 3 year old loved it and has fun playing games and watching movies.
Great product for the price
Great product love it perfect for what I use it for
Great product works great for our family's needs.
Great product!
Great product! And enjoy the site to store service that walmart offers
Great product! I have a 10 inch apple I pad but my son took over it so I got me another one only a smaller version.
Great product! I purchased another reconditioned mini iPad awhile back! DON'T do it! It stopped working a little over a year after I got it! Buy new! No more reconditioned for me! Hopefully this mini will last as long as my iPad 2 has the past 3 years!
Great product! Santa delivered the minu on Christmas Day. My 2 year old loves her iPad mini. Now, she can get on ABCmouse.com when she wants.
Great product!!!!
Great product, but wish you could add memory, only drawback...
Great product, excellent service and value, Extremely satisfied.
Great product, love it!
Great product, to small getting an ipad.. Old eyes
Great product, user friendly we love it
Great product,great price,great service.
Great product.
Great product. Love the iPad mini. Would recommend to everyone. Buy a case!
Great product. Performs exactly what I need it to do and at a Great Price!!
Great product...great price. Beautiful display. Fast IOS operating system. Compatible with all my other Apple devices.
Great purchase, very happy 10 year old!#!
Great service from Walmart with no hic-ups on delivery time and no waiting. Product arrive in excellent packaging from manufacture.
Great size and easier to work with than IPad.
Great size for my kids ages 9 & 7. We only use them at home for educational apps. Very happy with our purchase.
Great size for reading - I was replacing my old e-reader. Very simple set up. Also it's very light weight. I also purchased because I was using my phone frequently to shop and look things up rather than turning on my laptop.
Great speed and does everything a big PC can do
Great tab for very low price very user friendly!
Great table!!
Great tablet, very affordable,
Great upgrade from the first ipad
Great value, competitive price, my I-pad mini purchased from Wallmart is excellentand delivered very quickly..thanks.
Great!
Great.
Great. Buy!
Great. I gave it to my 9 year old grandson as a gift. He loves it..
HAVE TWO OF THE BIG I PADS MY WIFE SAYS THIS MINI IS THE RIGHT SIZE FOR TRAVEL
Had a tough time deciding whether to get an iPad or iPad mini. Really glad I went with the mini. It's just a little smaller but perfect and very portable. Fits in my purse! It's cheaper, who cares if it's a tad smaller!
Had an old iPad that the screen went out on. My wife used it more than I did, so I ordered the iPad mini and was very happy with the product. The Price is what got me well under any price I found online and with the Gig and WiFi also.
Had two tablets before this one. Slow and freezing up always. Not this one .Works smooth and flawlessly.
Hands down great deal.!
Handy & easy for the older set to see !
Handy and love it.
Happy with product
Happy with this purchase ..arrived on time before Christmas .
Has all the features ipad 4 has & by giving to wife I will get mine back! WHAT A GREAT GIFT!
Have been an android user for last 5 years and now using a iPad mini. Can't say that it is a huge difference, but I do prefer the more square like screen size. Hasn't crashed or hung yet. Probably due to better screening of apps by Apple. The android I think does more, but that makes it easy for more hangs, etc too; which I did have.
Have had an iPhone for approximately 2 years. I seriously bought this for all the apps available. I take lots of pics with my iPhone but had real trouble editing those on a small iPhone screen. The iPad mini is the perfect solution for me! Only negative critique is I wish the cameras were higher resolution but can't have everything for $250.00!!! Would definitely recommend!
Have no complaints or regrets
Have one ipad mini, thought I would try a kindle, bought two for the kids, sent them back two days later. Nothing I have had compares to Apple.
Have to pry it out of my 5 y/o hands loves it so much
Haven't used it much so not sure what all it will do
Having fun learning all that the ipad can do. The battery life is excellent. The size is perfect. I am very pleased.
Having had a 1st generation iPad, I was very pleased to see that the iPad mini had all the functionality of the larger iPad. I really like the camera feature (that was not available on my original iPad).
He loves it!! I do not think he is going to put it down ever.
He would stay on it all day if I let him!
Hello,this was a great gift for my daughter..she loves it Thanks Wal Mart...
Hi guys, i brought this for my mom, who's a baby boomer, and she loved it!
Holds a charge forever! Setting it up seemed a little complicated, but it's easy to use, remembers my passwords and has lots of exciting apps! I can check my email, check out Pinterest and Facebook, and put books on hold at the library!
Hope it will work well!
I GOT THIS APPLE iPAD MINI FOR MY DAUGHTER SHE IS STILL TELLING ME IT IS THE GREATEST GIFT SHE HAS EVER HAD. I LOVE IT ALSO FOR MY PERSONAL USE AND PLANNING TO GET ONE VERY SOON.
I HAVE TRIED OTHER CHEAP TABLETS AND THEY DID NOT LAST NOR WERE THEY ABLE TO DO ALL THAT MY IPAD MINI HAS. I LOVE IT. AS GRANDMA USED TO SAY, YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR.....
I Love it is all I can say
I Love it!!! All of my kids have the IPad mini, it is a great gift...
I Love the mini iPad that I just purchased! It's everything that I need to search the web and be on Facebook! Our Grandkids Love playing games on it too! I Love having a camera to take pictures also!
I Really liked my Kindle. But, after problems with 3, I decided to get an iPad mini. I am really enjoying using it; however, I am finding the Kindle was much easier to operate .
I aboustlely love my iPad i use it all the time
I absolutely LOVE it
I absolutely love it. My husband uses it, I use it and I even use it for my baby. Satisfied 100%!
I absolutely love my IPad Mini. It's convenient and easy to use.
I absolutely love my IPad. The price was way better than Apple. It works perfect. I'm now waiting for the IPad Air to go on sale.
I absolutely love my iPad mini. Exactly what I was looking for and got it on sale!
I absolutely love my iPad mini. It's compact, fast working, & convenient. I would recommend this product to anyone who is looking for a tablet of this size & doesn't mind just the feature for wifi & not 4G.
I absolutely love my ipad mini! It's bigger than my previous Samsung tablet and was $50 less than regular price. Then is went on sale at Target for another $50 less 3 days later. I was able to go back to Walmart with my receipt and get a price match ~ $50 cash back!
I absolutely love my ipad mini, so glad I made the decision on this tablet.
I absolutely love this iPad! I've been using apple products for years. I bought this as am upgrade from my iPad 2. It's comfortable to the hand and user friendly. If you want an iPad without the bulk, this is for you.
I actually purchased 2 of these. One for a grand daughter and one for my sister in law. Both ladies are very pleased.
I already have one. This one a gift to grandchild. I'm never without it.
I already own a mini and have purchased another for a gift. Great size to pop in your bag and you have the office with you.
I already owned this IPAD-mini and I love it. This one I bought as a Christmas present. Will get back to you after she opens it. The shipping was super fast.
I also got her a Griffin brand 'Survivor' dual layer protective case and purchased walmarts 2 year replacement plan ($47) to ensure maximum protection.
I also have a Samsung Galaxy and it is junk compared to the Apple mini. The Apple is slimmer and lighter. Easier to read books on the Apple because of the quality the display. Picture quality is very good. Easy to setup. Walmart price on the Apple was affordable.
I also love that I have one right down the street from the house.
I always wanted one, I enjoy it very much
I always wanted one. And the price was good, but it it was lower it would be even better. But it is great.
I am a fan of apple but I love the mini. It's a great choice for a tablet and so sleek!
I am an android lover. I wasn't to sure about buying an apple product, but I did anyways, and now I am in love with my mini it's perfect.
I am defiantly technology challenged but this is so easy to use. I am also glad I waited until I could afford an Apple.
I am enjoying my IPad mini. I had a regular iPad but this model weighs less and easier to carry.
I am finding my iPad to be very useful
I am having a blast with my new I-Pad Mini. It meets all of my expectations.
I am new to the Apple world. The mini is a nice size for me to hold with one hand.
I am not good with the new, but learning. So far so good
I am really enjoying this mini it's like a large iPhone
I am satisfied with my apple ipad mini
I am so surprised how fast this Ipad is, we have one step above dial-up but it doesn't seem to slow this device down, we are very happy with it.
I am starting a business and this is the perfect size to carry in my purse. Works great.
I am still getting used to it (I am a no where near technically inclined senior citizen) but I am learning more and becoming more proficient every day. I am not sure there is anything I could tell anyone about it that would make any sense, I still have to stop and think to operate it, but I am just enjoying the convenience of having it with me wherever I go. I love the size, it is larger than a phone, but smaller than a computer and I am glad I took the leap (better late than never)!!
I am still learning how to use, but so far I am LOVING it!!!!!
I am super happy with it!
I am very happy with my mini ipad
I am very happy with purchase and product came at perfect time
I am very happy with the price and I pad !
I am very happy with the product and the delivery it went down $20 a few days after i bought it which annoyed me but theose are the breaks .
I am very pleased with me i pad mini. The price is reasonable. It was delivered very quickly.
I am very pleased with my product. It came in a timely fashion and was packed so that it would not be damaged. A great way and a safe way to shop for Christmas. I was happy and the recipient was happy!
I am very pleased with the iPad. Haven't stoped using it!
I am very pleased. Battery life is great. Portability is convenient. For the price I am more than happy. I purchased this item knowing I was going to be laid up after surgery for a while. No regrets
I bought 2 iPad minis for my six year old daughter and 4 yr old son. they love it. and so do I!!!! great product. came quickly and its everything I exoected to be!!!!!
I bought 2 mini ipads and love them...crisp and clean with responsive touchscreen is what I need at a 100 off nice score.....
I bought 2 of these for both of my children and they are great! My kids love them!
I bought a Dummies book but really haven't used it. Very easy to use! Should have done this years ago!
I bought for my son,he's love it!
I bought iPad mini few weeks back. It is so comfortable to hold and satisfies my requirement of anytime anywhere kind of tablet. Overall a good tablet with a great value for money !!
I bought it for my 6 year old and she loves it! It's user friendly and she can navigate on it with no problem.
I bought it for my brother. He loves it and all of it's features. I'm amazed! He now calls me on FaceTime and if you knew how tech challenged he was you would be amazed as well. He now has the ability to read and listen to the Bible at the same time.
I bought it for my daughter, she gets to play games and learn stuff with programs for her age. Most important is I have her text people she knows and she's onlybin kindergarten and it's helping her learn how to write.
I bought it for my kids for Christmas and I am using it for myself now instead!
I bought it for the family and love it. We use it everyday.
I bought it initially to use in class to help pull up and save lecture notes and slide shows. I started out looking at other tablets but decided to purchase the iPad mini when I found that it was compatible with Microsoft office applications. This feature along with the keyboard that you may purchase separately has allowed me to carry a significantly lighter iPad to classes instead of my much larger laptop.
I bought it this morning around 7am. I did not want to spend the $299 for it but I did any way - I HAVE NO COMPLAINTS AT ALL.
I bought myself the Apple Ipad mini, I love it and it is so easy top use and taking pictures is also so easy
I bought several of these for family members. I think they can do so much takes great pictures, check your email, go on the internet and the list just goes on and on. It is also very fast. I did buy a keyboard case to go with it.
I bought the iPad Mini for my daughter-in-law for Christmas and she loves it. But I also want to thank Walmart for being so quick on the delivery. Great job all around.
I bought these for my two boys ages 8 and 10. They love them. The are easy to use , stay charged for quite a long time and set up very easily. I would recommend these to any one who needs a light tablet.
I bought these iPad for my wife, and she is super happy because is easy to use. the price was better than I expected and the delivery was fast.
I bought thia as a gift. The recipient loved it.
I bought this Apple mini ipad for my grandaughter for Chirstmas when she opened it, I was really surprised the quality was great, access was really great, This was better than the tablet I had, I will be getting one for myself.
I bought this a gift and upon opening it work right out of the box. Seamless connection to wi-fi and they were off downloading games and face book ap.
I bought this as a Christmas gift for my 30 month old daughter. Before purchasing I carefully researched my options as far as 'child friendly' tablets go and although the iPad is more expensive than the other options its well worth the money!
I bought this as a Christmas gift for my sister and she loved it
I bought this as a Christmas gitf for my son, they love it so much, all my granddaughter want at all times is to use it.
I bought this as a gift for my grandmother at Christmas and she uses it everyday. Works great and SitetoStore is awesome.
I bought this as a gift for my husband and he loves it..
I bought this as a gift to my sister and she likes it very much!
I bought this first generation model for a gift for my 80-year-old father. It is his first tablet, and he had no experience with touch screen technology and novice PC abilities. From day 1, he lay latched on to the iPad mini.
I bought this for my 16 year old son for Autism programs and he loves it and it serves it purpose.
I bought this for my 2 years old daughter, she loves it.. So far so good :)
I bought this for my 3 year old for Christmas and he loves it! It is perfect and a great price!
I bought this for my 4 year old for Christmas so she could play games on it. She is very happy and so am I.
I bought this for my 68 yr old mother who has never used electronics. The day she received it I downloaded a few games and set up FaceTime. She has been on this iPad daily whether face timing her granddaughters or playing games she says she Loves It!
I bought this for my 8 year old daughter for Christmas as she was asking for an iPad and I didn't want to spend the money for a regular sized iPad. This one suits her just fine. She plays games on it, watches movies, uses it to send messages to her friends with Apple products, do homework, etc. She loves the Face Time app for talking to her cousins and aunt who live out of state. I think I may have to invest in one for myself soon.
I bought this for my Grandson and he loves it!
I bought this for my dad who doesn't know much about computer and stuff. I just thought it would be nice if he can use an iPad to read news and use FaceTime with my sister who lives in a foreign country. It's very easy to set up for him so he can read and navigate easily. So far he likes it!
I bought this for my daughter who is a Junior in college. She loves it. It's lightweight and easy to handle. I have an Apple Ipad , the mini does everything mine does.
I bought this for my daughters birthday and she couldn't be happier, I only wish I had gotten one that has cellular capability, this one is wi-fi only.
I bought this for my eight year old son for Christmas and he loves it. The mini's are the perfect "purse" size for carrying. I also purchased the Survivor case which has saved it from drops.
I bought this for my granddaughter and I know she loves it. No complain from her, yet. Hopefully she'll use this for a long time.
I bought this for my grandson. He absolutely loves it! I was sure to buy a protective case in case he dropped it.
I bought this for my husband but he exchanged it for an iPad mini with Retina display. He said it is the best EVER. It is faster and the picture is amazing.
I bought this for my husband since I already had one and just loved it, thought he'd appreciate one. He does. Since we both have IPhones, using this device is a snap. Great deal too!
I bought this for my nephew, he loves it! No problems at all.
I bought this for my son as a reward for getting a 4.0 GPA so I really can't rate it, but he loves it and it keeps him off my iPad! I thought it was a good deal and because I bought it for him I also bought the 2 year maintenance plan. I recommend that for anyone buying for a child, especially a boy!
I bought this for my son who is 15. I hesitated at buying it but it has been great.
I bought this for my twelve year old son who loves it. He surfs the web, watches videos, plays games, etc. He has a lot of knowledge when it comes to different devices and highly recommends it.
I bought this for my wife and she loves everything about it!
I bought this for my wife's Christmas present and she absolutely loves it. Walmart had a great price of $199 and ship to store was free, on time and convenient.
I bought this iPad for my husband for Fathers Day. He loves it!
I bought this iPad mini a few weeks ago. I love it from day one. It doesn't come with an owners manual. I was a little put off at first about that. It's not really that important if your familiar with laptops and smart phones. I am very happy with this purchase so far.
I bought this iPad mini for my 13 year old for her birthday and it's the perfect size for road trips to play games, etc. It's a managable size so she can carry it in her bag discretely to take pictures too!
I bought this ipad for my two year old son who has autism and is completely non verbal. I downloaded some apps that he can use so he can communicate to me what he wants and how he feels. He loves to play the games too. My one year old daughter loves to play games on the iPad too. Such a great way for kids to learn. My only is complaint is that there is not a back button so you have to hit the home button which closes out the whole window which becomes frustrating for a child. Other than that, it's great.
I bought this ipad for work, but I use it for everyday things. It's light weight and also and easy to use. Highly recommended!
I bought this ipad mini for our congregation. It is the link between the internet and our Apple TV (Airplay). This way we can broadcast live feeds from the Branch or playback special videos for the congregation. For that it is fine. For me as a personal device it is too small & not enough memory. I would get at least 64gbt & a full size tablet, iPad Air. The one I purchased was only 16gbt. Apple in general is a great product. I bought it at Walmart because it was in stock and at a decent price, too. If you want an iPad, at least get 64giga-byte unit, not the 16gbt. Large or small they work about the same.
I bought this on Walmart.com before Christmas. I did not have it 2 weeks and it was barely used when the screen froze up and despite holding the power and main button together, I could not fix it. It kept switching between a black screen, the Apple logo and the main screen without the icons.I returned it and got an iPad 2 which is much nicer and has a better chip and twice as many pixels. Do yourself a favor and spend the extra money to get a nicer iPad.
I bought this one and the nicer version with retina display ( it was $100 more), and I can't tell the difference. I wish I had just bought two of these instead. My kids love them!
I bought this one for my 9 year old because I got one last year and absolutely love it!! Its great for playing games, serving web and Facebook. the pictures I take on it are great too:)
I bought this product o nline 3 days before Christmas..
I bought this so my autistic daughter would have an educational tool to help her meet and surpass her educational goals. I can honestly say that this IPad mini is well worth it. She is already growing closer to meeting 4 of her goals.
I bought this to be able to facetime with my ggrandchildren. I like the other functions but face time is my favorite.
I bought this to read with. So far no complaints. I like that it is small and easy to hold.
I bought two for my stepsons for Christmas . But I currently own own one for my 4 yrs old son. I love this iPad mini. He just loves it. And the battery could last all day long. I bought a galaxy tab for my daughter and she could only use it for two hours and the battery would need to be charge again. Plus it has a lot of games to download for free that are appropriate for him and his age range. I think this a good present for Christmas!!!
I bought two of the bundle deals for a great price both white.
I bought two of these for Christmas gifts for my daughters. One of them only worked for two days and will not turn on now and the other is working great.
I bought two of these mini iPads. They are fast and so easy to use, especially if you already have an iPhone. My son and husband were so surprised and happy on Christmas morning. Don't hesitate to buy this product.
I bought two this year Gift's for Birthday..Christmas. the Birthday gift was for my Sister she is so happy to have it.
I brought the iPad mini for my 6 year old and she loves it :-)
I brought the tablet for my granddaughter and
I brought this apple mini for my wife christmas gift and i love it and I would recommend it to my friends and family.
I brought this for my 11yr old son for his birthday and he loves it
I brought this for my daughter for Christmas, so it is not being used just yet. But the little that I did use it to set it up for her and Connect to wifi I am sure she will LOVE it.
I brought this for my husband and he has no idea. He will be excited.
I brought this for my son who turned 12 a few days ago and he absolutely loves his ipad mini. It is so sleek, has great features, great memory, and not heavy at all. I purchased a red case with bluetooth compatible mini keyboard fro Amazon, and it's a perfect mach! I would definitely recommend this product !
I brought this iPad for my daughter's 9th birthday and she loves it. While travling I don't know she is in the car until I look up!!!!
I can just put it in my purse and take it with me to show friends pictures or videos. The screen size is just big enough and it's not too heavy either.
I can't believe I waited this long to purchase the iPad. I already had an Android Nextbook tablet, which worked decently enough, but I was looking for a better experience with a tablet, since I use it so frequently for do many needs, especially my business. It's like buying a cheap cake at the grocery store, when all along you could've been enjoying a gourmet delicious cake from a genuine Italian bakery. Get me? Hehe...so, now I. Eating the gourmet cake! The iPads overall functioning and processing capabilities surpass that of my Nextbook tablet in so many ways. It's seamless, flawless, and the pixel screen viewing quality is perfect! I am very, very pleased! Don't wait, get your iPad now! Was also a great sale price at Walmart! I'm a happy customer.
I can't get anywhere near the rated battery life out of this thing, and if you are recharging while in use, it takes forever. Sound quality better than my ipad2, but pales in comparison to other tabs. It ticks me off that memory costs so much from apple. I guess it's fine for web surfing, just keep it charging if you can.
I can't wait to give this to my daughter for Christmas. I just happened to be on the Walmart site and saw the price and bought it. I didn't want to be apart of all of the crazies during black friday. I also figured if I did go to the store they would be out of them by the time I got to the electronic department. I ordered on line. It came 3 days early. It didn't even register to me that the iPad arrived when it did because it was too early. I thought it was another gift that someone in the house had purchase. In fact, that was one of my hesitations ordering the "big" gift and not have it arrive in time or at the last minute get an e-mail that it is on back order. Happily this was not the case. I am very pleased with Walmart and the transaction. NOW, bring on Christmas morning!
I carry my iPad mini in my purse. :-)
I couldn't ask for more,it's just perfect!
I dabated and looked at all kinds of tablets but the iPad mini is perfect. Not too big , not too small, very light weight. I love it. Well worth the price.
I definitely recommend this product and don't know what we'd do w/out it. I'm also going to purchase one for myself next week.
I did buy 2 iPad mini
I do all my shopping at Walmart..I like the product's I enjoy the employees very nice people.
I don't really know much about electronics, but it looked pretty impressive. Walmart gave me the best price for it, and shipped it in a timely manner. It appears from the packaging to be similar to an iPhone, but larger, and won't make phone calls. I will probably be able to glean more information after my daughter opens it Christmas morning.
I don't why I thought this would be in the store two weeks after Christmas. Needless to say my daughter needed something special for her birthday. This was perfect and on sale with free shipping. The free shipping supposedly takes longer but I got it within two business days.
I enjoy the tablet.
I fell in love with this product. I love apple product not being bias to any other product.
I felt she needed a bigger screen and more features to accomplish this and she loves the bigger screen and additional features the i-Pad brings. This was a great birthday gift!
I find I use it more than my Laptop, it is quicker and very portable
I find all the things I be looking for in other stores ,But now I know to go to Walmart
I find myself using this for everything and haven't touched my laptop computer at all since.
I find this product to be exactly what I paid for and wanted
I found out the online Walmart price was $30 cheaper than the store price-good to know. I bought it online and picked it up at the store an hour later.
I found this iPad very easy to set up and use. I love the size. The camera is great, I bought one for my husband after using it for Christmas
I gave this to my 11 year son for Christmas. He loves it. It's the same as the ipads he uses at school. We are still finding out what all we can do on it.
I get the special for $199.99 and is really similar to the Retina display for a lot of less money. Pretty fast and is handy.
I gift my wife, she likes iPad mini and great camera
I give the iPad mini two thumbs up!
I give this 3 stars for Walmart. The iPad is great! But I ordered space grey, not silver. I was not in the mood to chase down customer service and take time out of my day to ship it back.
I got it for my son because is onto big or small,it perfect for a toddler. We are happy with it.
I got my Daughter an apple ipad mini for Christmas last year from Walmart..this year got two more..one for my Sister who lost her daughter to breast cancer that is very depressed, I'm happy to say the ipad has really helped her to focus on something else.
I got my ipad mini a week sooner than was expected. As far of how it operates its great! I am enjoying finding new ways to use it. (First time apple buyer)
I got my new Apple Mini iPad on Black Friday. It was a lucky day for me! Not only did I save a lot of money, but my daughter got a really nice Christmas gift! She has it with her constantly and iits been almost a month since I gave it to her, my guess is she loves it! Thanks, Walmart for your great prices & I didn't even have to fight the crowds because I ordered online! ;) !!
I got my son the iPad and he loves it! I have to tell him go play or he'd stay on all day, by himself or w/ friends. We also received a giftcardvwith it, what a bonus treat!
I got the 2 year service plan so they will be registering them shortly.
I got the Black one, Love it for the face time! Was pretty empty finally got it Just the way I wanted it. Works well have not had to charge the battery yet! Speeds through what you do on internet. music games Etc.
I got the mini just because it was on sale lowest price I ever saw, didn't need it. But it's great. So light to carry. Bought it online, went to store to pick up. I was sitting pretty setting it all up within the hour. Because if the price, it's just wifi and that's fine. My 'real' iPad has the bells and whistles. Well done
I got these for our youngest granddaughters and they were the hit of Christmas Day!
I got this as an early Christmas gift for my sister. I already had one and love it! She was always borrowing mine. She loves that she now has her own!!!
I got this for a CHRISTMAS gift but I am sure it will be fine.
I got this for a Christmas. I did open it up and make sure it worked and it is exactly like mine that I paid close to $400.00 for.
I got this for an 87 year old lady who does not have a cell phone computer or wifi and she loves it
I got this for my 12 year old son. He lives it better than the full size tablet. It is a lighter and to take places .
I got this for my 6 year old daughter and she loves it. It is the perfect size for her to carry around. I have bought other tablets and nothing compares .
I got this for my daughter's graduation & let me say she was over joyed.
I got this for my husband as a christmas gift and you couldn't beat the price and the package! Plus I didn't have to stand in line for it with all the craze of black friday!
I got this for my son and he loved it. Great purchase and deal with Wal mart
I got this for my teenagers, who told me they really didn't want one because they didn't think they would use it. I can't get them to put it down!! They love it!!
I got this for my wife whose Nook died.Best thing I ever did. Works great.I got one for my son as well.
I got this for my year 3 old since she runs my iPhone like a pro, this way she gets a bigger screen for her apps, games etc. Easy to use also, she can navigate it no problem all by herself and has done so since she was 2, with help from mommy of course with downloads ;) The price really cant be beat.
I got this item for my daughter and she has not put it down since she has received it. I am contemplating purchasing one for myself.
I got this mini ipad for a wopping $199.
I got this on sale for $199 online for my daughter as a Christmas present! Apple is a great product. I am glad I found the sale because it went back up in price the next day!
I got this to replace a second generation iPad2 that was destroyed. Very happy with the Mini and Apple in general.
I had a samsung galaxy 3 and it was great but I traded to this tablet and it is great I would recommend
I had been searching for an iPad for my son. This was exactly what I wanted for him and it even included the Bluetooth speaker. The speaker has great sound and it does it's job. I couldn't be more satisfied with both of these products.
I had the first generation iPad, and then the second. Then I got lucky and won an iPad mini in a drawing. It instantly became my favorite device. I love to read, and I couldn't quite figure out why I hated reading on my regular iPad. Then I got the Mini and realized it was so much more convenient and easy to hold (even with the otterbox defender case on it).
I had to have it after using my daughters I-Pad & her husbands I-Pan mini. I loved them both!!
I had to return it only because I thought it was a little too small for a tablet. I bought a regular IPad in place of it. I like this one much better for what I use it for. I bought this one directly at my local Walmart. Walmart had the best prices of anyone.
I had to return this item because it was not iOS 6 as listed. I specifically needed iOS 6 and it had been updated.
I had to spend over 6 hours with Apple Care - problem with pass code not working so I returned it...
I have 2 Android tablets and an ipod touch. I liked the small ipod touch so much that I was looking for a good deal on the ipad mini. I did not want to buy a refurb. Most new ipad mini tablets were priced at over $400. When I saw this new 1st generation ipad mini on a one day sale for $199 at Walmart, I jumped at the chance to buy it. I believe Walmart is again pricing it at $199 for pre-Xmas sale. They normally price it at $239. The ipad mini works great. It is not the latest generation model, but it is new and is half the price of the newer models.
I have IPad 3rd generation also but wanted something to travel daily to work with and the mini is perfect. Love Apple products...
I have a Microsoft Surface but it won't download iTunes so I purchased the Mimi iPad to see how much difference there is in them. Big difference in clarity. I can see so much clearer on my games and they are actually more interactive on here. Love it. Love it. Love it.
I have a PC, I have a laptop and I have a iPhone. I thought I do not need a tablet. I love the iPad mini. It is great!!! Compatible with my iPhone just the right size.Great for playing games, reading mail or anything you want to do. I am so glad I bought it!!!!
I have a full IPad, my 88 year old husband likes to see pictures from the kids & jokes on it & has learned to use it, so I ordered the IPad mini for him for Christmas, so he can learn more & exercise his brain for more than tv. The family agrees & will get him things to go with it.
I have a grandson and he has one of these and really liked it, it worked escellant.
I have a iphone so this was what I wanted but settle for an acer because of the price tag.
I have a kindle I love and a apple desk top I love now for the money I could not turn this down. Love it
I have a kindle and I thought this one would be better.
I have a regular sized ipad and my wife has the mini ipad and we get great enjoyment out of them but so do our Grandkids when they are here. Being that it's usually one at a time that we have them, they have there own ipad now and love it as do we. It was/is easy to set up, easy for even our 3 year old Granddaughter to use, and tons of games and such for them to choose from.
I have always been sort of worried that an I pad would be to complicated to use but amazingly it's very easy and I can do so much with it I have not used my laptop since I got it.
I have always wanted the I pad and I loved the price It has been excellent for me
I have an iPad Air and my daughter has an iPad mini. My two younger boys take turns on my iPad but they always fight about who gets it first. So we decided to get them their own so there will be no more arguing about it. They are small enough for them to carry around with ease but high tech enough to keep them entertained for the hour they each get to be on it. I love Apple products and these were a great price.
I have an iPad and bought this for my adult daughter for her birthday. She absolutely loves it! Can't beat an iPad, and this is a great price, too. Ordered online and picked it up at the store the next morning.
I have an iPhone & a laptop. I like this iPad mini better than all.
I have an ipad 2 but it's just too big to bring with. Now this ipad mini fits perfectly in my pusre. :-)
I have an older Ipad and wanted all the updated features but I also wanted a tablet I could keep in my purse The Ipad mini is perfect.
I have been wanting to replace my iPad 2 with a smaller more convenient tablet for over a year and was eyeing the mini but did not want to pay over $300 so when the mini went on sale for $189 I just couldn't resist. The iPad mini fits perfectly in my purse without adding too much extra weight, I can handle the mini while moving around better than the regular iPad. I just love the iPad mini better. It's the perfect size, price, and overall perfect tablet.
I have enjoyed my mini iPad so much that I gave one to my best friend. She was very excited and is delighted to do face time with me.
I have had 4 big ticket items shipped home so far. Walmart.com is amazing. I recommend these iPad minis to anyone with kids(especially multiple kids). They are just the right size and storage. Extremely happy with this Christmas gift purchase. Go Walmart.com. You Rock!!!!!
I have had a regular sized iPad for several years. I LOVE it!h
I have had nothing but problems with this, family share does not work properly, I have to change my password daily, now I can't access the internet and don't know why. Took it to the apple store and they could not figure it out. I am very disappointed with Apple and may return both iPads.
I have multiple tablets that I use, but when it comes to apps and reliability, apple is still THE tablet.
I have my own and giving this one to my son for Christmas. The best out there!!!
I have one and bought this one for my son. He will love it. If I ever need another one, this is what I would purchase again.
I have one of these and because it's so user friendly I bought this one one for a friend. She is living it
I have original iPad and I love the size to slide into my purse. Great camera quality another good apple product.
I have other Apple devices and have always been pleased with their quality, dependability and usefulness. This new iPad Mini is no exception. I've been setting it up, which as expected is a bit of a challenge even for those familiar with these devices, especially since a users guide is not included with the product. One has to download the .pdf guide from the Apple site and print it out....all 164 pages. Would be nice to have the guide in front of you when setting it up rather than having to rely on the .pdf on another screen or do a huge printing job to get the instructions. What I have set up so far is going well...only advice I have is to take your time and be accurate. Functionality is pretty good. Will know more later as it is put to full use.
I have owned several iPod Touch's, I have a Google Nexus 7 and now this iPad mini. I was very pleased with the Nexus, but, it seemed like the more I used the more problems I would find with the Android OS. The most aggravating thing is the wifi is very glitchy, it keeps losing connection, constantly. Nobody hates more than I do, paying Apple's high prices; but, you get what you pay for and Apple has the most consistently, best products on the market.
I have purchased several mini iPads for my family. Once u purchase a iPad, u can't buy or want to use any other tablet. It's small enough to carry in just about any purse or brief case. It is very fast, all the apps you gave available, plus Siri. It is the Cadillac of all tablets. Trust me,
I have the original Ipad and sadly it no longer can keep up with technology updates and my insane use of slot machine apps. This new smaller version is everything I need . small enough to carry everywhere, as I am an avid reader, it meets all and more of my wants and needs
I have the original iPad , Ican use the same apps .I am familiar with the operations,and I like the smaller lighter size. I did'nt think it was necessary to spend the extra on the retina display.
I have the regular I pad,and I was not sure if I would like the smaller one or not. To my surprise, I actually like it better!!
I have tried other tablets and they were very disappointing. My iPad mini has been great from the moment I have used it. It is really user friendly. I love it.
I have two apple Generation 1 ipod touch which have no battery life left so I am familiar with this line. This mini ipad & all Apple products are very nice but still too expensive for what they do. I am used to the ipod touch so it is sort of a shock when I expected the ipad to act like the ipod. On the youtube app I like to save my favorite videos but I still can not find a way to save them unless I sign into youtube. I like my privacy. On my old ipod touch I could easily add them to my favorites list and view them later. I have yet to find a way to do this on the new ipad mini granted I have only worked on it a couple of minutes. Overall a very nice ipad mini but it is somewhat complicated to use. By the way, I also own the hp and blackberry tablets so I have experience with these products.
I have used Apple products since 1984 and still have both desktop and laptop that I use everyday. This iPad mini is painfully slow when downloading apps; it doesn't have enough memory without using iCloud for storage; and the User's Guide downloaded from the internet is not terribly helpful. In short, it is the first Apple product I have ever owned that has been disappointing.
I have wanted an IPad mini for a long time. I finally got one!!! I absolutely LOVE it .
I highly recommend buying a GOOD case for it, though.
I highly recommend the I Pad mini. It's very easy to use and I love it.
I just bought the IPad Mini in the store and I could not be happier. I was able to get it for the best price in store meaning not wait time or delivery fees. The store warranty policy was also significantly cheaper than ones offered at any of the other stores that I checked.
I just love my iPad mini! This is my first iPad. I already have an iPhone 5s and it was so easy to use. For me the size is just perfect. The quality of pictures are great. I do wish it had a flash for pictures but I love it non the less.
I just love my new ipad mini, I have been wanting one for long and it is definitely meeting all my expectaions.
I like Apple products it just make every sences to me.
I like apple ipad mini , the size not too wide but because of many application i cant dowanload from app store
I like apple products
I like because work fast and the image is clear
I like cause the pictures are real clear I also like that it's fast to browse the web,not bad for the price.
I like it
I like my ipad mini, but don't think it's any better than a tablet. I have nothing bad to say, except it's a little harder to hold when reading, easy to turn the page when not expecting to, a little disappointed in that respect. All in all I would recommend it!
I like my product
I like the compact size. I bought it for my son. Fast charging, nice screen resolution, all the things you enjoy about the apple iPad, it's just a bit smaller.
I like the pickup in store option to site to store. I greatly helps and actually makes sense.
I like the price and also Apple products.
I like the size of the ipad but there are areas I'm not fond of with it. One is using the fingers of the hand or the pen made for it, its still doesn't respond so the delay of it is not good. So if you are playing a game and it doesn't respond your game can be delayed in playing. Setting it up hasn't been terrible but not great. What happen to including a quick instruction book with it when you buy it?
I like this more and more, thanks to a daughter-in-law who is very good giving instructions when asked.
I like to play games on this. I can just use my finger to touch the screen and make it work. No keyboard to use only your hand. I wish the company that makes this would also make other things to use. They are smart people who make these things.
I liked the fact that you guys called to make sure of the purchase also there was not time to wait. The order came in faster then what was told You made it very easy to shop from home thank you
I liked the price that I paid for the product.
I looked around and found the best price at Walmart.com
I lose facebook at least once and sometimes twice a month. We use it like now and about an hour later it will not come back. We get the header info and the little circle thing just goes round and round. I then go in and delete it and load it back and everything works good for a few days. I don't have a probelm with other programs.
I love Apple products in general, but was looking forward to this Mini iPad when it went on sale. It's worth every bit. My toddler enjoys playing with different apps. The navigation is easy, volume, and image/video quality is great. Small enough to fit in purses and bags. I'd definitely invest in a cover or case and the tablet is very slim and easy to fall out of your hands.
I love all Apple products and I own an Ipad before this , so hardly no difficulty setting up. As expected apple products is a bit pricey but they are excellent
I love everthing about mu new Apple iPad.
I love it
I love it !
I love it ! The size is excellent especially for a lady. You can put it in your purse. The performance is excellent and pictures are excellent too. A must buy !
I love it and it's the perfect size to take anywere and I'd recommend it to everybody
I love it it better then the regular size IPads easier to put in purse
I love it to just put in my bag and go it is very light for on the go!!!
I love it vey much. thanks.
I love it! It does everything a laptop can do, but its more convenient. I got it so I could face time with my daughter who lives out of state. Its great!
I love it!!
I love it, easy to use, I have a desk top & wanted the i Pad for a back-up in case anything happened to my desktop. You can download the instructions for the i pad too.The rollback price was great .
I love it, my daughter loves it, and my 6 month old baby boy loves it!
I love it. Bigger than my phone but smaller than a computer. Perfect size. Fits in a purse.
I love it. I can carry it anywhere I go.
I love it. I use it as a convenient carry along bible, listening to audiobooks, a kindle/nook replacement, reading e-mail, and browsing facebook. My wife also uses hers to play games.
I love it. I was able to connect to the cloud and get all my stuff.!!!!!!
I love mines cause it easy to travel with wherever I go and don't have to deal laptop as traveling, I have my mini IPad for 3 yrs and I got my daughter one for her college 2015
I love my I pad mini it's like my i pad 2 but smaller easy to carry around
I love my Ipad.
I love my early Christmas gift works great easy to use
I love my iPad I would recommend it to everyone.
I love my iPad Mini and Wal mart.com my favorite place to shop they have the cheap prices and the best product.
I love my iPad mini 2. It's a all in one at a great price and so convenient.
I love my iPad mini it's great to work with and just the right size.
I love my iPad mini it's really easy to use and has a great display
I love my iPad mini!! I resisted for along time. Sorry now that I did. It does everything I need it to do. It is also fun to use. Try it you will like it too.
I love my iPad mini. It's the perfect size to fit in my purse, take to work, and travel with.
I love my iPad. I probably use it more than my phone. Would make a great christmas present.
I love my iPod! Like a little computer on the go!!!
I love my ipad mini 16GB Wi-Fi. I would probably give it an "excellent" rating if I could learn how to use it. It's taking me some time to navigate all the features, and how to get to this and that. I know there's an online site I can go to for help, but that takes time, and it's difficult to find half an hour or so to sit by the computer and go thrugh the tutorial. But I'll eventually be very very happy with it, once I get the hang of it!
I love my ipad mini. It is the perfect size with full capabilities.
I love my ipad mini. These are for my kids I have had one since I pre ordered them on the first day the mini's came out. Everyone knows the iPads rock
I love my ipad! It is the greatest item!
I love my mini IPad . Now I can visit with my granddaughter everyday. I'm so excited I feel I'm part of her life even thought we live so far apart.
I love my new Apple mini. Great size to take with you. Much easier to pack than my laptop and just as convenient. If your worried it will be to small -- it isn't. In fact it is just right.
I love my new I pad mini!! I like the smaller version of the iPad.
I love my new IPad and enjoy it everyday..
I love my new IPad mini....very compact and easy to use
I love my new iPad Mini. I was skeptical before purchasing it, but so glad I did go ahead with it. Having so much fun, just like using my iPhone!
I love my new iPad it a must for anyone who wish to own one.
I love my new iPad mini! It was shipped when I was told it was going to ship, and actually arrived a day sooner than expected. I love the iPad mini, and it came with a keyboard. It was easy to set up and the battery lasts forever! Don't have one single bad thing to say about it.
I love my new iPad mini! It's everything I was hoping for! Bought the rotating cover to go with it. Also came with headphones and mic that work great!
I love my new ipad mini it is just the right size to hold in my hand and it is very easy to use
I love my so much, I bought my sister one also!
I love the Ipad mini but what I don't like Is It's wifi only & you will have to replace the battery eventually. I have wired Internet, not wifi. That's why I gave It 4 stars. you can watch movies, download songs & apps when connected to a computer. That Is pretty cool. I love the camera & video feature on It.
I love the camera and all the apps you can get . It also has a great battery life
I love the fact I can skype my family up north in Canada for nothing! And I can see them. It come already with FaceTime and many app are free.
I love the iPad I love to play games on it etc
I love the iPad mini
I love the iPad mini & so do my kids, who enjoy it for either pure entertainment or educational purposes. I've been needing a compact tool to enter dictation for my job while I idle in court. I love it & the price was perfect!
I love the iPad mini. It's a great size to carry with me everywhere. Love the ease in which I can download so many useful apps. I'm still learning the ins and outs but so far it's a great product! Would definitely recommend the iPad mini over a laptop any day!
I love the iPad mini. Very easy to set up.
I love the ipad
I love the ipad except it is very touchy as i am learning to use it --Imake a few mistakes and have trouble getting back where i was , as I said i am learning , but i like it a lot
I love the ipad mini. its the perfect size and it has everything I wanted for my boyfriend. It is the perfect gift.
I love the size and quality. Battery life is great. I purchased here at $250 and it was well worth it. Keep eye open for markdowns. Walmart had the cheapest price when these went on sale. I would highly recommend this product. I have an iPhone so I thought my next tablet should be an iPad. My last was an Android tablet. Not happy with it. The Apple iOS is great! Apple for life here!!!
I love the size and weight for easy travel.
I love the size of the IPad mini. I can carry it in my purse and use it while waiting for appointments and such. I wish it had a back button or a button to close programs easily.
I love the size of the mini.
I love the size, most of all! Just the best little gadget ever made!
I love this iPad mini
I love this iPad mini! It works great
I love this iPad mini. Beautiful color, awesome price, gift card, walmart never ceases to amaze me.
I love this iPad. I am very happy. Since I already have the iphone i am already familiar with the apps. I've wanted one for along time. I'm sure glad I bought it now.
I love this ipad ......
I love this ipad! I use it everyday to listen to my music and read the many free books that are available on the App Store. The battery life is great and I'm extremely happy with my purchase. I got it for $200 which makes it even better :)
I love this little guy! Just as regular Ipad, only
I love this mini iPad i wish I had purchased it a long time ago. I use it for everything. It's my mini computer. I order a lot of things online from it. I also have it sync with my iPhone. So I get my missed calls and messages on here.
I love this mini it does everything the full size does but is easier to hold and throw into your purse
I love this product
I love this product I can carry it everywhere I go
I love this product. It does everything I need it to do. I can take it on trips and it is not to bulky to carry.
I love this soooooooooooo much because it is purr-fect! I wish someone would tell me that it is awesome!
I love this tablet especially the FaceTime and the video camera there are so many things you can do with the tablet that I couldn't do on my previous tablets
I love this tablet there really isn't another that compares. I love that it was able to sync with my iPhone so all my data is on both devices! Very user friendly, so non techy people will not have a problem. This is a more expensive tablet but also worth it. Buy it!
I love this, I use it daily
I luv my iPad mini . I will have more fun when I learn more about it. Thanks
I luv this Apple iPad mini, it's compact, fast, great priced, attractive and is above all the rest of any pad I ever bought. Comes with hundreds of free app, quick and easy downloads, great accessories and apple products are known for #1 products. All I ever buy is apple products. I bought 4 iPad minis with in the last 2 weeks from Walmart.com free ship to store and as always I receive great service when I pick it up my items from the Walmart in Evergreen Park, il. So if you need a pad for business or play this is the only way to go.
I missed the $199 special by 1 day but still a great price at $219. After downloading a few educational games my 5 yr old can't seem to put it down. Best bang for the buck.
I needed a tablet that would play my videos and not freeze up and this IPad is definitely doing a great job at that!!!
I needed something for the start of my business and this is by far a great product for me
I never go anywhere without my iPad. Works great, quick responsive.
I never new how great this mini iPad was.
I normally work with my Mac but when going away for a weekend I take tbe Ipad mini. I highly recommend it. Good item at an affordable price.
I only wish Apple would allow me to lock the utilities folder. It does allow for me to lock the app she is using but I would like to just not have to worry about her when I let her play on her iPad.
I ordered an IPad mini for my Grandson who lives in Florida (I am in New York) for his birthday. I paid the little bit more in shipping to make it for his birthday and Fed Ex brought it to their Post Office on the day it was to be delivered rather than to their home. It missed his 10th birthday by one day which was sad. As for the IPad, it is a real hit. Even though we are miles away we can FaceTime each other whenever we want and have a shared photo stream. It has made the miles between us only a click away. Just love it.
I ordered an iPad online and had it shipped to my hometown, 800 miles away, so I could pick up and gift it while I was there over thanksgiving. It was a great plan, but mixed up the shipping date, so I arrived a full week before it was due in. I was scheduled to be in California at a conference on the day it was to arrive in Tennessee. I had ruined by opportunity to teach my grandmother how to use her new iPad while I was in town.
I ordered online, paid, and picked up order at a local Walmart. I was very pleased with my product, the sale price I paid, and the friendly customer service I received.
I ordered the iPad mini 1 online and picked up my purchase at the store. The process of purchasing and pick up was very simple. The mini was delivered on time and the product works great! I really like the text /email alerts Walmart sent to my phone that kept me updated on delivery status
I ordered these for my grandchildren and my daughter. All of them got a great value for a good price. I think there will be some happy smiles at my house at Christmas.
I ordered this for my daughter for Christmas and so far we have no complaints. She and I love it because it is very convenient to use.
I ordered this to the store! Came the day before, had wonderful and fast service! Love you Wally world!
I ordered two Apple iPad minis. They were for my two granddaughters. They love the iPads and are having lots of fun with them. The 13 year said she is going to use
I ordered white and received gray...now I have to take it to the store (fun going to walmart at xmas time)..what a inconvenience
I own a full size I Pad and decided to buy the mini to use as a reader and travel with because it easily fits in my handbag. I fell in love with it almost immediately. The only drawback I have countered is that it seems to take slightly longer to download pictures and little videos my daughter sends of the grand kids. I've also owned a non-Apple tablet and simply find the I Pad to be more intuitive and people friendly. The mini is a great item at a great price.
I own an iPad and enjoyed it so much bought one for my husband for his birthday. They are so easy to use .
I own an iPad2 and it is the best thing ever. I bought the iPad mini 16 gb to carry around with me in my purse. This is my next best friend!!! Oh, and bring $50 off made my purchase even better.
I picked this up around the holidays as a gift. It was a great deal for around ~$200.
I picked this up on the labor day sale and it worked great. Good size for my hand bag so I don't have to carrying my laptop anymore
I prefer the iPad mini over the full size iPad because it fits in my purse and is easy to use, no matter where I go. My full size iPad is a little too big and my iPhone is a little too small---but my new iPad mini is just the right size!!!
I prefer the smaller iPad for mobile use. Devices like this tend to get dropped. The smaller pad is easier to handle.
I purchased 2 iPad mini for my mother & 3 year old daughter. They both absolutely love it. The registration and Navigation are easy & simple. It's easy to carry from location to location. The games and products that are offered are great. Overall I am beyond pleased with both purchases.
I purchased my iPad mini for $299 May 2013 and didn't get the extended warranty. (Probably should have) After the warranty ran out the screen begin to mess up. For the price, I expected it to last longer than it has. It has never been dropped or misused in anyway. I would not recommend it to anyone and will never purchase another one.
I purchased one at valentine for my husband but our daughter took it over. So I saw the good price that you had it for in June and got him another one. He enjoys it. It's simple for him. He can access him email & the internet to look up stuff for his basketball team which he is what he loves to do. Our daughter teaches him all the things that it can do. It is really neat product. We are now almost a total apple product family with the exceptions of a couple of cell phones and computers. #familywholoveipads&pods
I purchased the iPad for my eight year old granddaughter and she has been very good with it, her mom monitors it , and she watch movies,do the educational programs on it ,play games , her big brother and sister say's it the best baby sitter they have seen.
I purchased the iPad for the specific purpose of casting internet sites, such as newspapers, to my TV. Th ads talk about how it so easy to do using Chromecast device, which I also purchased at Walmart. Don't believe it! There is no chromecast extension for the mini iPad at this time!!! Sure it can cast Netflix, Hulu Plus, You Tube and others. But why buy this as most smart TV's already allow you to do this with an internet connection, wireless or wired. If you want to use it for other reasons it's a nice buy but for my purposes it doesn't fit the bill. Also I recommend buying a keyboard unless you don't mind typing on screen.
I purchased the iPad mini for my kids because I already have the iPad Air, they love it! This is a great product and the best of all, I got it on sale! Walmart has such a great deals always. I definitely recommend this product.
I purchased the iPad mini for my kids. I looked at a lot of different tablets & even returned the Kindle fire. It was just too much for them to work at 4 years old. There were so many great apps that apple offers for their learning and entertainment. I wish I could have gotten it for the black Friday price, bUT $219 was well wor th it!
I purchased the mini for my soon to be 2 year old granddaughter and she loves it. The mini is a great educational and recreational device where as a 2 year old can operate without any problems. Just make sure you purchase a good shock case.
I purchased the mini iPad for my daughter and she loves it!
I purchased the space gray for my 15 year old. He has not complaints at this time. The ease of access and set up was easy. It does everything his Apple iPad did.
I purchased this Apple iPad as a Christmas present for my daughter. I have to say I was hesitant to purchase it online. I placed my order had it delivered to a local store. I was surprisingly happy with my results. The entire process was made so simply. It arrived in a timely manner and the pick up at the store was seamless. I will definitely be using Walmart.com more often. Thanks for the great experience!!
I purchased this IPad Mini for my boyfriend who is not very tech savy. I can't wait to give it to him because I know he'll love it. I've already set up sports apps and others I think he'd like. I received this item quickly (within a few days) of purchase and love the great price I paid!
I purchased this as a Christmas gift for my 11 year old. She's an excellent student and I wanted to reward her. My daughter can not stay off of this iPad and Loves it! One of the best gifts she's gotten this Christmas!
I purchased this for a gift so it is still in the box, but I have an iPad and adore it, it is so convient and
I purchased this for a staff member that was doing a superb job - she could not have been more thrilled!
I purchased this for my 14 year old son as a birthday gift since he loved my IPad Air, and he absolutely loves it!
I purchased this for my daughter for Christmas. When she set it up, the microphone didn't work. When she went to Walmart with my receipt to exchange it, she was told that there were none in stock and may not stock again. She was encouraged to go to the Apple Store and the girl who helped her even told her that she has a galaxy tablet and it was better. My daughter went to Apple and was given an exchange but since she was doing it through them, it voided her warranty. Which is completely ridiculous to me since this item was damaged before ever being used. She is now loving her iPad mini but we have to hope that nothing goes wrong with it now. I'm unhappy with the way this was handled.
I purchased this for my nephew he enjoys it very much
I purchased this gift for my daughter's 5th birthday so she could stay out of my iPhone!! Best idea ever!! She's satisfied, so mommy is happy!!
I purchased this item for my husband as an anniversary gift. He previously used his Android to read articles, email, etc. The size is perfect. He's able to "palm it" and maneuver the device. It's lightweight and he absolutely loves all the features Apple products provide. Definitely, one of the best purchases I made in a long time. I vascillated between purchasing the Samsung Galaxy or Mini. Glad I went with the Apple Mini.
I purchased this tablet as a Christmas present for my 10 year old son. I liked how intuitive Apple products are and how easy it is to download apps. Perfect entry level tablet.
I purchased three of these for my grandchildren for Christmas. They are very pleased. The purchase was very easy through Walmart. We are very satisfied. Will shop again at Walmart.com!
I quickly found it was a little small for me, also, I found that living in a rural area that as soon as I left home and my wi fi, it was pretty much useless to me.
I rarely use my phone or laptop after purchasing the Apple iPad mini.
I rate them both 5 stars!
I really have no complaints. I couldn't be happier, especially since my desktop is currently giving me problems. It can do almost anything that my desktop can. I would recommend this to anyone.
I really like my mini Ipad. I have a Iphone already and was looking into purchasing a laptop, but I am extreamly happy with this Ipad. I can access my online accounts, print from my wireless printer and it's not bulky like a laptop. Easy to use even if you are not real tech savy. Highly recommend
I really like that it's small enough to take around the house with me. It's very fast.
I really like the best 7' tablet.
I really like this iPad. It was easy to set up even for someone as electronically inept as me. it works great, It's a nice smaller size, easier to hold. Does everything I can do on my desk top computer. Nothing bad to say about it, I love it. Would definitely recommend it to anyone
I really like this ipad mini. The only thing I regret is that mow Ebay has one with Retina Display for just a few dollars more. However, I think mine was a good bargain.
I really like this item. Works well, easy to learn. My only complaint is regarding the camera. If there is any sun whatsoever the screen is very difficult to see.
I really love it
I received my Ipad Mini very quickly and have loved reading books with it. Walmart ran a special on the tablet at a price I could not resist. The pad was brand new and factory fresh at a price that was better than a refurbished tablet! I used an Ipad before purchasing the mini, I have to say that the Mini is way more convenient to use and carry with.
I received my iPad mini on July 3rd and have barely put it down since! It's easy to use, connects to my wifi and is just as good, if not better than the regular iPad. I use it for everything that I used to sign on to my desktop computer to do. The price is extremely reasonable through Walmart and shipping was quick. I am very happy with my purchase!!
I received my items the next week and I ordered on Black Friday.
I received my mini iPad 2days after I ordered it. It has been great I'm a current nursing student & use it everyday to look up meds side effects & other things for school.
I received the iPad in less time then indicated when ordered. Bought it for my wife. So far she has lived it. No problems. Set up was easy and no problems there.
I recently purchased this ipad and I can't wait Til christmas I know my daughter will love it
I recently purchased two of these bad boys for my sons. With family living 3000 miles away we love to facetime. Let's face it the real reason I bought them was because I wanted my iPad Air back. Lol it works exactly as described and was bought on sale. WIN!
I recommend this because is so tiny and have much app than the surface rt Microsoft.
I recommend to all my friends and family, I really like it, especially to read my bible.
I recommend to others.
I saw this deal, and I knew I had to have it. I ordered it at 5 AM on Thanksgiving morning, and I had it two days later. I couldn't believe it!
I say grab it quick because it's cheaper now than it was when I bought it at $239.99. You can't go wrong for the value.
I searched around for a few weeks before purchasing this @walmart, and ended up ordering it from them because they had the best price around. This specific model is good enough for my family, however we do not us this for games (that's what their iPods are for) only learning ape and searching the web/looking things up.
I selected the mini over a Kindle Fire and Samsung device, even though the iPad was more expensive. It is basically the same as my iPhone which lends to easy help to my Dad as needed.
I specifically love the iPad mini I bought from Walmart because of the prompt shipping it was two days earlier then expected, a great low rate!
I started with a MacBook Pro years ago and wouldn't consider anything else. This iPad met all expectations as I knew it would.
I switched from the regular Ipad to mini because of the weight. This is really a very neat and compact item. Easy to fit in your pocket, very light and quite affordable. i would reccommend the Ipad mini to everyone.
I think I made the right choice
I think my grand daughter loves it was a Christmas present for her she was soooo excited to get never thought she would get one but you know that is what grandma's do spoil them and was in on time and to see her face was worth it!!!
I thought I got a good deal
I thought it would be better than my Kindle but I was wrong. I guess I'm not techy enough to care. It doesn't work any better and I can't get Flash player on Safari so what's the big deal.
I thought the iPad mini would be too small but I love the size.
I thought the smaller one would be nice to carry in my purse when I travel. I like the full size one, but That's another thing to lug around. Especially when the one I had before was the original Ipad 1. Quite a bit heavier and harder to carry even at that weight and size. So far I haven't travelled with the mini yet, but it does everything the bigger one does, but in a smaller size. I like to listen to audio books, and read books, so it's perfect for both. You can make the size of the font bigger for reading. The only thing, if you want to read outside in the sun, you can't!
I use it constantly so I am certain my granddaughter will love it!
I use it often for information and entertainment. I got it for $60 less than other stores.
I use my ipad everyday to check anything from email to playing games. I can't put it down. I would definately recommend this ipad.
I use my mini mostly for reading and it is compact yet easy to read.
I use this in my business. Its if enough to see well but so large it cumbersome to work with as the full size iPad. I have both and prefer this to the large unit.
I wanted an Ipod for music, scriptures, and messages. I am older and do not know very much about running the latest Technical devices, but only with a little help from my son, I got it all on and now I am enjoying all that I wanted.
I wanted the Mini iPad so I could carry it in my purse without being too heavy. It is great, just what I wanted.
I wanted the iPad since I already have an iPhone so it's all the same. Especially like the size of the iPad mini don't believe I would be as happy with the full size. I could have gotten a tablet for half the price but in my mind and with my experience with Apple in is worth the extra money for the quality. I'd definitely buy this again, no regrets at all!
I wanted to get the ipad for my dad so he could facetime and message his family out of the country without the high costs. He uses it to contact his family and watch movies too. It is smooth and small enough for him to carry all around the house.
I was a bit hesitant about buying this because I am not used to Apple products. I have found it very easy to use and very intuitive to figure things out on. I was leaning toward an Android device but glad I got this.
I was dissapointed that the charger that came with the ipad did not work, nor did it come with headphones. Other than that I love it.
I was glad to see the Black Friday price extended, so I bought a second one. Both were gifts.
I was happy to get this mini iPad at such a reduced price from Walmart. I have never seen it at this reduced price. It works great and syncs with my other Apple products. I have always been a PC. Person but I have come to like Apple products.
I was hesitant in getting an iPad since the have the iPhone. I wasn't sure if it would do anything different than my phone would. Turns out I love it! When I'm home I do everything with my iPad instead of my phone.
I was looking at buying another acer for around the same price.
I was lucky enough to get this on sale for $199 a few weeks ago, with tax around $215, I knew i had to snag up this great deal. I love the iPad mini, I am a college student and the size is perfect for me to just place in my book bag or purse and super lightweight . I use it to surf the web, watch videos, and social media. You can also attach a blue tooth keyboard and mouse and print using air print printers. I still have my macbook which i keep at home and use when i need to do a lot of typing or if i need to use something that involves CD, SD card or USB. an iPad mini a perfect addition to this though.
I was probably the last of all my friends and family to finally get a tablet. Chose the IPad Mini because we have IPhones. The price was good and even though I've only had it a few days, very satisfied with it. My friend did get me started, but I did my email, and am now into playing Candy Crush (real fun). This tablet could not be connected to our Verizon account, but that's OK. Most areas you can find Wi-Fi. Much better than taking a laptop on vacation....much lighter and easy to use. Also bought the Apple folding case which is wonderful. Very happy with my purchase.
I was suprised. it worked so good and easy . Not any troubly at all except for my mistakes.
I was very happy with this product and how we'll it works :) it is really fast amend I can do a lot on it.
I was very pleased with my Apple Ipad mini purchase, and was very glad and would recommend it to all. I Found the price very affordable and bought 2 for my grandkids for christmas .
I was very skeptical about getting an iPad. I have the iPhone 5s & thought it would be a waste to get the iPad. I thought it would just be a bigger version of my phone, but was I wrong! I love my iPad!
I went from a Kindle Fire HD to an iPad, so the transition was an experience for me. I liked the Kindle Fire, but this iPad mini is absolutely great. I love the size of the mini and the games I'm able to download from the App Store. I would highly recommend this purchase.
I went from a rca tablet to this mini iPad. What a difference! Everything is so much clearer, better picture quality. It is the perfect size for me. Did not want a full size one.
I went from a regular iPad to this mini. It's smaller and lighter. Mostly I check email and read books on it. It not real computer literate but the setup was fairly easy.
I went in picked up my purchase the next day. The best on line experience I ever had. I was very pleased
I will enjoy it more after I move and I get
I will recommend the service to my friends very convenient
I wish I know about it sooner I would have buy it before now.I love going to Walmart
I wish it had a flash player and was disappointed when I couldn't play my game. I like it, but feel the brand cost more than the increased features.
I wish it had a manual to see how to use everything. I am doing things all trial and error and don't like that. Other than that its great.
I wish someone had told me it was $199 the day before. I ordered it through Walmart.com and I love being notified that the item is in the store and can be picked up. no looking around or waiting for a salesperson.
I wish there were instructions that came with the iPad. So many things to make it most useful!
I would buy an apple again from Walmart. But not walmart.com. It took longer than I expected cause it said they were in stock there and yet they had to ship it to the store. I felt that was misleading.
I would highly recommend it if you are looking for a lighter, easier version of your bible to carry around.
I would like this offer (ipad with $50 gift card) to be available again, only reason for the low rating.
I would recommend everyone to get one of these. It's fast & small to take anywhere with you.
I would recommend the iPad mini for anyone needing a tablet who needs a powerful instrument that is convenient to carry everywhere.
I would recommend this for any age. I bought it for my son to play games. He loves it,
I would recommend this for anyone... Easy to use and fun !!
I would recommend this is a great item!
I would recommend this over any tablet. I am always in the go and could not access documents from my kindel or samsung. I purchased this and have no problem. I own apple products. Other tablets were cheaper but I knew that by spending a little more I would get my moneys worth.
I would recommend this product any I love using it and I use it every day great product.
I would recommend to friends.
I'm 55 yrs old and Yes! My first Tablet. I love it! Very easy to use in which I didn't anticipate. Love the predictive text! Or? Tap the microphone and Say what you want to type. Not to often was there any mistakes. The iPad mini comes preloaded with all you need to get started. Settings are simple, iBooks, tons of free apps, .. I'm loving it! Weighs just over a half pound. Fits easily in my purse, hands, and got a simple $19 ihome cover/sleeve/stand for it. I don't go anywhere without it! I highly recommend this.
I'm 61 and struggle with computers, this I pad is easy to use. Would recommend to anyone.
I'm a huge Fan of all Apple Products. I bought this as a gift to myself. I want to watch all of my Netflix movies on this instead of my iPhone. Great Quality.
I'm buying one for me brother and his wife so we can keep in touch. He refuse to have a computer till this day, but I think this will bring him into this century nicely.
I'm having a great time with the Ipad Mini. Did have to hire someone to set it up for me -- took 2.5 hours! But it's really fun to have.
I'm not a big Apple person. I had an iPhone for a couple months and hated every second of it. I'm student teaching and my teacher uses an iPad for absolutely everything-so I thought I'd give the iPad a try. It is so helpful in the classroom!
I'm not an Apple Fanboy but, in my opinion the iPad is still the best tablet out there. Apple has the most apps by far for the tablet format. It's simplicity makes it easy for anyone to pick up and understand. It's nearest competitor for ease of use the Kindle Fire lacks the quality build of the iPad. The mini is an excellent choice if your looking for a lightweight reliable device.
I'm really enjoying it.
I'm so excited to get this for my husband for Christmas. I've had one for 3 years and it is the right size and I can say this is used more than my phone! I can't sleep at nights sometimes so I lay right in bed and watch movies with earplugs and my hubby just snoozes on not even knowing I'm watching.... Ha! I also have a IPhone so they sync together so nicely.... Hope this helps
I'm very happy with my purchase, the price and the pick up.
I've always had a iPhone n decided I wanted to pick up a tablet. I looked at other and decided to stick with an iPad. No regrets.
I've always loved Apple products. I love how you can simply carry this device so easily. If this your first Apple product, there is a lot of fun exploring to do.
I've always wanted an Apple IPad mini. This is the first Apple product I have ever owned, and I am impressed with it's processing speed. I love all the features! Thank you!
I've been deceiving myself all these years by telling myself I didn't need an iPad. Just got one about a week ago and I love it! Should've got it long ago.
I've been wanting an iPad mini for travel and saw on " bradsdeals.com" that Walmart had these on special buy. You had to get it quick because it only ran for 2 or 3 days. So glad I got mine. I'm gonna use it for travel. I already have a regular sized iPad 2 and this was a great price for a travel sized iPad mini. I hope they offer this again for $249 or lower so I can get another for my hubby.
I've had a "big" IPad for two years, and another 8" Tablet strictly for reading e-books. I needed to replace it when it died. I decided to get the iPad Mini which has 7.9" screen. Now it so easy to sync everything between them. I can carry it in my purse and have my calendar, contacts, reminders, etc. on it. Of course, it was easy to start up and use since I didn't have to learn anything new. I love it.
I've had an iPhone since they came out. I kept the first one 4 years even though I qualified for an upgrade earlier - just didn't see a reason to trade in a great phone. I've had an iPhone 4 and now a 5s - only because I lost the 4 on vacation. My wife is on her second iPhone cycle. I've had the top of the line iPad for a little over a year and use it 3-4 hours a day. None of us have ever had an issue of any sort with any Apple product - never. I finally got rid of my office windows based PC and bought an iMac after tiring of having to buy a new one every three years after having them slow down to nothing gradually - no matter WHAT brand of anti-virus software I ran. I love my Mac and have had zero issues and I don't even run any anti-virus programs. I bought the iPad mini for my 5-year-old granddaughter. Her folks had bought her an off-brand kids piece of junk at Staples last winter as that's what they could afford - it turned out to be junk that typically ran out of juice quickly. Like I said - you'll most likely never regret paying a little more for an Apple product.
I've had it for almost two weeks now but love it.
I've owned an IPad 2 with 3G AT&T since 2011, had every iPhone, just got the IPhone 6 Plus, I love Apple. I recently got an IPad 2 Mini and its a great addition. Today I purchased an IPad Mini 16G as a Christmas Gift for a special person, I'm sure this won't get returned.
I've tried other tablets and the iPad is by far the best way to go! Never disappointed!
I've wanted one of these for a while, and finally got this one with the price rollback. Love it, because I can see it better than my iPhone. The only problem, is that Facebook text should be able to adjust, because I still have to get my glasses to see Facebook. Other than that, which is partly a Faceebook problem, I LOVE my iPad Mini!!!
I. Like it
IMHO, this is still the best mini tablet on the market. Yes, you spend more on Apple, but having access to all of their great apps is well worth the cost. I bought this for my grandson, and the Apple apps, and a great little tablet, made this an easy choice.
IPad is great. Was agreat Christmas gift for mother in law. Main reason for such high marks as well was for the customer service at Wal-Mart. Tried ordering and making sure I had the white selected but somehow it still ordered the black, so upon pickup asked if has any back in electronics and was able to go to customer service and they were more than willing to help swap it out for us even though it was a hassle for them. Really made it help give the original gift we wanted. Thanks!
If I could afford it, I'd get the 128GB iPad Air with WIFI and Cellular but that's about $600 more than I can afford right now so I'm happy with my 16GB WIFI only model until I can trade up.
If the sale happens again please inform me...
If you have an I-Phone & have your files on I-Cloud all you have to do is follow the setup menu, put you I-Cloud name in and everything on your phone is now on this pad.
If you have other apple products you can get all the apps on your new device. Great for a family with children.
In my opinion it is one of the best mini ipads on the market for the price. I does everything that you would expect an ipad to do without any hiccups. It works great with any wi-fi signal and I would buy another for a friend or family member.
Ipad Mini was worth the price,value and fastest shipping ever. Thanks..makes my life very easy.
Ipad needs no introduction or review
It arrived 5 days earlier than expected!
It ask for aan update the next day and it completed this effortlessly.
It came 2 days after I order it. I was extremely happy bout it. My kids love it. And I'm trying to snick it some times to my self
It can't connect to the Verizon network which is a giant disadvantage.
It come in early than I thought.i would buy it again if on sale.thanks
It does everything the larger I pad does- but is smaller .
It does not get any better than a tablet coming from Apple and at a Walmart price (a great price at that) over the Christmas holiday. The Mini does everything we need it to. Received this one in grey. My older mini is in white. Makes it much easier to determine whose is whose. Can't say enough about the ease of the Mini, this one was for my husband who is technologically channenged to say the least and he is zipping around it pretty good with the "assignments" I gave him to help him learn to navigate. He will be traveling so with the FaceTime feature this will be a great to be with each other without being with each other. Love Apple and Walmart.
It great know problem with it play games Facebook I like it
It has been everything that we thought it would be. A wonderful gift for my daughter.
It is a great gift
It is a wonderful little unit. I works so very great,especially with other iOS devices.
It is an ipad mini. It is great, we got it to keep up with the photo stream of our new grandson. Simple to use, looks good.
It is easy to use and has a lot of built in functionality.
It is highly addictive once you get it setup.
It is just the right size for my small hands. The pictures on it seem clearer than my iPhone 4. I have twice the GB my phone has plus Siri. I love it.
It is light and has very good picture resolution. Though the format is somewhat different and the changes aren't all for the better. Especially downloading books, which I do a lot of. I wish they would tell you all the things they have changed so you know what you'll find. Overall not bad but don't always like all the so called "upgrades." Overall the Wal-mart experience of ordering on line and picking up @ store is great!
It is perfect
It is practical and easy to carry anywhere , much needed for any job in nternet , you can also download any number of games. My daughter loves her.
It is the perfect size - especially if your kids use it. Great clarity - movies look super on it. Can't really complain about anything.
It is the perfect size and I love the speed and convenience of it
It is very durable when it last with kids.
It is very easy to operate, has tons of apps available, and the battery lasts longer, probably because of the smaller size of the screen.
It is very good product and will buy another one someday,
It is wonderful
It is working great for me. Still learning, but I am happy with my purchase.
It looks brand new and works great!
It s working perfectly well for me. I would have like to hear that it's a good brand
It takes some getting used to for non-tablet users, but it's very convenient and there are lots of apps to choose from, such as the Scrabble app.
It took me a while to get used to it, but I love it now. So simple and to the point.
It was a Christmas gift for my nephew. He loved it!
It was a gift for my 4 years old girl she loves it I downloaded books and game and many more activities... and I haven't use ny laptop since :)
It was a great Christmas git!
It was a hit!
It was an iPad mini nothing different from the iPad mini at best buy etc. The price was the same as well. Christmas gift.
It was delivered fast! and it was easy to set up! if you are a apple fan like me you will love this product!
It was easy to set up. The iPad walk you through and explain how to set everything up. My 11year old loves it, and I loved the great price we got it for.
It was easy to use the web site too. Thank you!
It was exactly as described from ordering it online, but it seems like processor is slower than the ipad mini I bought in the past. I know it was a good deal at $199 but I have to wonder if Apple included some refurb or cheaper parts to make that price possible. It freezes frequently, but overall it's usable.
It was exactly what I espected.
It was given as a gift, but the recipient is already having trouble putting it down. They like it very much.
It was on sale for $200. I bought two, one for each kid. It works well and they love it. I like it better that the full sized ipad as I can easily hold it and type using my thumbs only.
It was online only and I called my mom and she purchased one also.
It was purchased for a Christmas gift for my daughter....SHE IS VERY HAPPY!
It was the best. My grandchildren love them they read play game take picture everything possible they can do they do
It worked(s) fine, I would recommend it to anyone it cheaply in a 50/50 way but its money well spent!
It works great and easy to start up. Fast shipping and a great price. Ordered it online and picked it up at the store same day. Called store first and they said they had them but it was $20 more so order it on line.
It works great.
It works great.....and the price was the best price but I ordered online to store and it came to my house....I was lucky in that a friend was staying at my house and heard the guy drop the package off at my door because someone would have stolen it....the item is just what my daughter wanted and the price was what I wanted.....so far the best thing on her list
It works like a dream. Id highly recommend the mini for in the go people. It's amazing and works wonderfully!!
It's a great first tablet. Now that the ipad mini 3 is out, getting a ipad mini with retina would be a better choice in terms of display and speed.
It's a great size. Not too big, not too small, and does it all. I bought it as a gift for my daughter and she LOVES it.
It's an amazing product and walmart's delivery was very fast and reliable!
It's an apple product! It's smaller, lighter, sleeker and well... An iPad! For the deal walmart had it wasn't bad for the price! I needed one for school and so did my gf so I purchased two of them and happy with it. I have bigger hands so the fit is much better than the full size iPad! Overall, great purchase!
It's an apple! What more is there to say!
It's an iPad and that is all that needs to be said They are awesome Great price, value, performance, and functionality.
It's an iPad mini! This particular iPad mini is a gift for a seven-year-old who asked for a Wii u. This is the perfect substitution with all the free Apps. We have loaded over 20 games and 30 learning apps in less than one hour. The product came package perfectly and there were no issues. I used store pick up and it was available the same day within one hour. This was definitely a great experience and I would recommend this to a friend/family member. AND Walmarts sale price was the most competitive at the time.
It's awesome
It's awesome!
It's been fantastic owning this ipad.
It's easy to operate and virus free!!
It's exactly as described. More for play than work as the screen is small. What was expected it's a mini. Apple quality product. Shipped and delivered as expected.
It's good in all aspects other than camera.
It's great fits in my purse! Syncs with my iPhone cant complain
It's great for taking pic and has great apps.
It's great. It's the perfect size and weight for a little kid to handle. It also keeps their little hands off Mommy and Daddy's devices! :)
It's ipad, it's great!!!!
It's just the right size!
It's more than a tablet though. It is fast, definition better, less likely to crash than tablets I have had. It takes a little getting time getting used to non android platform, but I think it is time well spent. I'm definitely glad I bought it.
It's much lighter than the full size iPad & easy to carry in your purse/bag. It's a good tool to keep your kids occupied when you're trying to talk to their doctor at visits or while you're waiting for your food when you are at a restaurant with your children. A lot of educational games/apps are offered as an alternative to video games and you can easily install books for them to read or if they are not reading yet there are options that the app will read the book to your children. They can figure most of the games/apps without even asking for help. I do wish the battery lasted longer. If you don't use it a lot it can last a couple of days but if you let your kids play games or watch a movie for a few hours it will die after 4/5 hours.
It's perfect, fast, does everything I wanted, and easy to carry around.
It's perfect. Bought it, and intend on purchasing another one for my daughter.
It's really good product ,
It's really the right size for me and easy to move around , I have to learn a few things but i like it aot
It's taking me a few days to figure out what I was doing but the more I work with the Ipad the more I enjoy it. I would recommend the Ipad to everyone. I really enjoy face time with my daughter that lives in another town, It's like being right there with her.
It's wonderful!
It's works great very fast no problems at all
Item arrived as scheduled. customer service was prompt and courteous.
Item was delivered in a timely manner. Item works as promised.
Item was easy to select, purchase and pickup.
Its a great alternative to the computer. My duughter uses it more than me, and she knows her way around it better than me, so it must be a great product. Im still learning Im new to the IPad world, but I'm ejoying every step of the way. I highly recommend it.
Its light weight and fits perfectly in my purse to take everywhere!
Its lightweight and easy to carry it anywhere you go.
Its worth the money i spend!
Ive owned both the ipad 2 and this ipad mini and i your like i am and prefer a more portable tablet, this is perfect for you. Its at a great price for what your getting. Given that the newest Mini only adds a retina display, this is a great product.
Just as nice as the big I pad. With a smaller space love it and great price too!!!
Just hanging out! No signature, nothing. Thankfully I got a text telling me they were there and I was able to have my uncle grab them, but if you order these, I suggest having someone ready to snatch them off the steps.
Just love it. I haven't gotten the hang of it yet. I still haven't found out how to log off my e-mail account. When I tap on mail there it is for everyone to see..that I don't like. But hey I'm learning and I will learn that too. Love my games I downloaded. I have ordered the case for it and can't wait for it to come in. Love my iPad mini!!!
Just purchased another one for my mom, great price.
Just right size, lightweight.
Just the right size for a child
Just what a person would exspect from Apple Quality Again.
Just wish I had a tutor to help me.
Just wonderful. Having so much fun
LOVE IT!!! GREAT PRICE FOR $199.00 MY FRIENDS WERE SO UPSET THAT I GOT IT AT A GREAT PRICE TRIED TO ORDER FOR THEM BUT WAS SOLD OUT.
LOVE LOVE LOVE my Apple iPad min!! Great size I couldn't even imagine it being bigger so it's perfect. For sure worth the price.
Learning what I have bought I believe I really enjoy it . I am a senior and can't believe what is on here.
Light easy to use and a good price, added Skype to it for cheap phone calls back home from Europe.
Light useful and easy to carry around
Like I said I am still figure out , a lot to learn.
Like it
Like the size. Easy to carry along with you.
Liked it so much I bought one for my daughter
Live my mini ipad best investment and purchased at a great price.
Looked around for one of these for the convenience of size power and portability. Found it on Walmart.com at an offer which was astonishing so ordered online and picked up in store next morning ...Fantastic service
Looking forward to giving this as a gift.
Looks good, works good, the wife is very happy.
Lots to learn but it is enjoyable. Don't know why it took me so long to make this decision. WalMart was absolutely the right store to buy this item from. They are great to work with and back up all their products.
Love 99% of this!
Love Apple but it was $50 cheaper to order it site to store (picked up the same day) at my local Walmart. Super easy and I'm enjoying my brand new iPad mini.
Love Apple products met all my expectations great value as well!
Love Apple products. The iPad mini is great. Highly recommend this product.
Love apple products so adding one more to the household wasn't a hard decision. Would recommend this product to anyone and everyone.
Love everything about it!
Love everything about this iPad!
Love how easy to use, Love, Love, Love it!
Love it
Love it !!
Love it Love it Love it!!!
Love it always wanted one Walmart made it possible for me to have one when they slashed the place down would definitely recommend to anyone
Love it and got it for a steal!!
Love it and it is all mine.
Love it just love it but now sorry I couldn't afford the 32mg. But this is my first so happy with my choice......Thanks Walmart could not have done it.
Love it should of got one along time ago
Love it!
Love it! Really like the mini over the bigger iPads. Easier to handle:)
Love it! works like a dream!
Love it!!! Multitasking capabilities. Superb wifi connect ability.
Love it!!!!
Love it, everything was as expected from my Walmart
Love it.
Love it. Lightweight. nice resolution.
Love it. Never had an ipad before. But have an iphone and this ipad is awesomely convenient and quick.
Love it...
Love love love
Love love love!!!!
Love love my iPad minis this is actually our 2nd one we have a white and a black one now! One for each child!!! Might need a 3rd soon since mommy hardly can get her hands on one now haha
Love my apple products. Bought two of these minis for the kids. Great size, great product!
Love my iPad Mini! It's lightweight, durable, and great to have when you are on the go! A Must have!
Love my iPad mini
Love my iPad mini got before estimated date of arrival!!!
Love my iPad mini it is awesome and a great price!
Love my iPad mini no surprise, apple products are the best!
Love my iPad mini white. Caught it on sale so it's extra nice! Great speed & light weight. Battery life could be better but for what I use it for, it does the job!
Love my iPad mini! It is a great product, easy set up great price.
Love my iPad mini! It is so compact and perfect for all my needs!!
Love my iPad mini! It is the perfect size to take with you or use at home.
Love my iPad! Don't wate your money on an imitation!
Love my ipad mini!
Love my ipad mini. Perfect size for my purse so I can take it on the go.
Love my mini iPad. Hardly ever use my computer.
Love my mini iPad. No complaints.
Love my mini iPad....perfect size and fast. Clear picture...
Love my mini ipad
Love my new Apple iPad mini. Bought it sight to store for my wife's birthday, and she loves it. Great product! Highly recommend it!!
Love my new iPad mini. Purchased it for the bigger screen cause compared to my i6. Needed something to ease the strain on my eyes from looking a a smaller screen. Very happy with my mini
Love my new ipad mini and it is so User friendly! It was so easy to purchase on line and arrived in no time.
Love that it is light weight but screen is large enough to see well. Very good purchase . Love it!
Love the fact it's smaller than the regular ipad and still has the same options.
Love the iPad mini
Love the iPad mini but bought this and three days later advertised if you buy this get a $50 gift card not going to buy from Walmart online again!
Love the iPad mini! Great price even better with free site to store pickup . Does everything I expected it to, user friendly and ready to go straight from the box. Has a decent battery life. Would absolutely purchase again
Love the iPad mini. Bought as a gift for my child. It's perfect size and is so easy to use. Like a mini portable computer. Downloads can be catagorzied in their own folder to make finding them easy. Many accessories available to cover or protect the ipad mini. Nice camera and able to FaceTime with family or friends who have an apple
Love the ipad Mini. It is just the right size!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Love the ipad mini. It works great and is big enough to do everything I want and small enough to store easily in a purse.
Love the ipad, easy to use and fun!
Love the mini for my grandkids!
Love the product, makes it easier for me to do homework in places that I cannot take my laptop.
Love the size. Wish I would have got a mini sooner!!
Love the small size!
Love this apple ipad fast perfect size
Love this device perfect size
Love this excellent product but the price is excellent
Love this ipad mini. I bought this for my 9 year old son for xmas so I no longer have to share mines with him. Love the family share between ipads so that I have to approve every app he purchases and each song.
Love this ipad mini. It does everything you need. Perfect for trips, easily carried onto plane, cars, boats. Perfect. I've read that if you've experience the retina display you will not be happy with this old version. I have never had retina so it is perfect to my eye. Discovering all that it does is a blast too. Just downloaded Kindle for free. Bye bye to my outdated Nook.
Love this it is so good to use I use it like a laptop because it goes any were is easy to operate and simple the key bord is big enough with having to strain to be sure you hit the right keys. Love it so much
Love this product!
Love this product, took it on a trip to Europe and was able to upload my photos from my camera with an additional device that you can purchase then was able to share my photos with friends through Facebook. Has a great camera on it if you need to use it as a camera.
Love this tablet. My first Apple device. I can also read all of my Nook and Kindle books on here. There's a zillion apps for this thing. I bought a bluetooth keyboard case to go with it and I am getting a lot of miles out of this tablet. I would definitely recommend this to a friend.
Love, Love this Ipad mini, perfect size and fast loading!!!! You won't be disappointed.
Love, love, love it!!!
Love, love, love my mini iPad! It was easy to set and I adore the compact size!
Love, love, love my new mini iPad. One of the best purchases I've made. I can get my text messages, email, go online, on FB, etc. I can also play games. Thank you Walmart for having the mini iPad at such an affordable price.
Loved it
Loved this product but it is for a gift...My experience at Walmart.com was horrendous. I ordered 3 and only got 2 . Had to pick up one in the store which was a great experience after I got there. Walmart if you are going to have a sale, make sure your site is better...poor poor experience
Loved to much
Loving it! Brought two for my twins and they are loving it!!!
Loving it. Don't Ned to be suiting in front computer to be online
Luv it!!!
Make my step son very happy!:-)
Meets all the product's advertised claims. Only issue was I had to wait a bit because of a Labor Day sell-out.
Meets every need and more! Fits in my purse easily and it's so light yet the screen is large enough and the resolution is fabulous. The price on Walmart is the best! Can't be beat.
Mini was a poor choice of words for this item. Nice size to do anything you wish, a lot bigger then a larger phone as well. Walmart shipping was only a day!
Much better than my laptop. Such a great buy!!
Much better than the tablet love it
Much more convenient than my iPad 2
Music Videos and games all can be taken
My 10 year old son loves his iPad. I'm very impressed.
My 2 precious granddaughters are young and this is the best mini ipad I can get for them for Christmas. I know they will be delighted to get this.. Looking forward to it.
My 2 year old loves it! :-)
My 3 year old is now a proud owner of her new iPad and she can navigate around and watch Netfilx, play learning games, or listen to music.
My 3 year olds and my 9 year old both love it (and fight over it lol).
My 9 and 12 yr olds love the mini!
My 90 year old mother can now see her great grandchildren who all live too far for her to be able to see very often.
My Granddaugter is investing her time and money to refine her singing skills so we thought the we would help her save her music on the iPad mini. She just loves it and it holds all her accumulated music with room to spare.
My Husband loves his IPad Mini! Kids & I gave it to him for a birthday because when he travels for work he would always take our home iPad so he could play games & have internet access then we were left without our iPad. He doesn't download movies or anything onto it so can't comment on that.
My boyfriend and kids love
My brother got one and recommended it.
My children love their iPad mini! It's the perfect size for both kids (10&15 year olds). Maybe more hard drive 32g if needed.
My daughter "borrowed" my Kindle and I needed to get something else. I got the IPad and now all she borrows is that devise. At least I got my Kindle back. : )
My daughter has been very happy with it, and has been excited to have it. She's been able to do everything she's wanted to do on it. It's as good as my iPad.
My daughter loved this. She received this as a Christmas gift. We are very pleased with this purchase.
My daughter loves her Apple iPad. The quality of is amazing. I would purchase another one.
My daughter loves her new iPad mini! The speed and storage space is great for what she mainly used it for. We couldn't be happier!
My daughter loves her new iPad. This is her second iPad due to her first one being stolen. There are so many apps that can be downloaded; both educational and for fun.
My daughter loves it.
My daughter loves it. . . she won't put it down!
My daughter loves it. It works fast, it's nice and elegant, small but not too small.
My daughter loves this ipad mini. It's the perfect size for her.
My daughter uses it for school lectures - little small but works! I would not have bought it if it wasn't on sale!
My daughter was so surprised Christmas morning , she had been asking for an iPad. I monitored and compared prices on the device. The 16 gb mini was the best price and it works wonderfully.
My daughters received these iPads from Santa and are enjoying i immensely. They asked for these but because of their age, Santa wanted to get the most for the least price. These iPads certainly fit the bill.
My father truly enjoys his ipad mini!!!
My favorite thing on my Xmas list.
My first ipad and I was nervous-not very computer savy! It was easy to set up and use. I did it myself! I am having fun now!!
My first tablet and Apple product. Very cool, fast, and productive, but...
My five yearold love it
My friends all recommended the Apple IPad and when I told them what I paid for it, they were amazed. I love the convenience of it, the number of different things it can do, and the ease in doing those things. I am not very educated on electronic gadgets, but this was less stressful than I thought it would be. I did have my daughter set it up and after that, just a touch of a finger and I was in everything. I love it and would recommend it to anyone. My 10 year old granddaughter has one and shows me what to do. Can you imagine?
My girls & husband love it!!!
My grand daughter loves her iPad mini she hasn't put it down. She seven and the apps are simple enough for her to install. Great gist.
My grandchildren love playing on them !
My granddaughter is thrilled with her mini.
My granddaughter loves it!
My granddaughter loves this, shes able to do many things. GOOD BUY ONE POINT FOR GRANDMA
My grandson had an iPad mini, but he broke the screen so I'm getting him one for Xmas!
My grandson is going to be so excited on Christmas Day.
My grandson loves it. He researches everything. He's 9.
My grandson uses this everyday. he loves it & plays games
My husband and I are traveling musical evangelist, I normally carry two 3" binders full of songs with me. Now I have all the songs, sermons we have written, as well as sound tracks on a computer I can carry in my purse! iPad was the right choose for me as I own an iPhone and MacBook Pro so all my apps are interactive.
My husband bought this for me so I could play "word play" on my own gadget. He didn't want me using "his" iPad. I have loaded other things on to it and am enjoying all.
My husband have the bigger one, and to be honest I don't like it as much, too heavy.
My husband received this for xmas. He doesn't know much about using a computer but was able to get started on the IPad right away. Very easy to see on this small screen. He'll never go back to a bulky computer again.
My iPad mini is just the right size. It's easy to hold with one hand, very light (even with my Otterbox Case), and the screen is crisp and clear.
My kids and wife love the ipad mini, my kids use it for educational games, and my wife for reading, surfing the web, take pictures,etc.
My kids have a blast with the Ipad mini. They use it all the time.
My kids have been dying to have an iPad or phone for a while. Well this is the most economical option. They love it. They previously had an android tablet but it wasn't as good and they couldn't get all the games they wanted. I am so happy with my purchase! Make sure you buy a waterproof cover for it!!!
My kids love it, I might get another one.
My kids love their iPad minis and they are easy to use
My kids were very surprised Christmas morning! Thank you walmart for offering this product at such a great price.
My mother loves her iPad mini we gave her for Christmas!! Walmart had a sale on them, so I purchased it on line. My order was ready for pick up within hours at our local Walmart. Very easy & convenient to order!!
My mother was overwhelmingly pleased with the device.
My new iPad mini is giving me much more enjoyment for less money than I ever thought I would have to pay for it.
My nook died so I Decided to finely try one. I love it. It's so easy to use. Starts right up and keeps going.
My only complaint is nothing can be deleted it goes to the iCloud.
My only complaints are the touch on the screen is not perfect. I often have to battle the iPad so I cam highlight a certain word or click am exit button. A stylus definitely helps but I want more precision if I only want to use my thumbs. My other issue are the proprietary keyboard (I miss my Swiftkey keyboard!) and such.
My other boys have the regular ipads and I got this one for my 7 year old since it's smaller. It's perfect size for him!
My sister and I are purchasing this product for my mother as a Christmas gift, did not realize she knew how to use a Tablet, can't wait to see her reaction to her gift.
My son bought this with his Christmas money. He is 10 yrs old and loves it. Perfect price.
My son got this for his birthday and he is so happy with it. We can use it for games but also for downloading his audio books that he can read along with it. Great for car trips. We felt the price was good and it was so easy to order on line. We actually received it SEVERAL days before we expected it. No complaints at all.
My son loved it. he plays on it all the time and takes it with him when he's not at work. Very pleased with the product and purchase.
My son loves it!
My son loves it!!
My son loves this tablet. He is able to play games and watch movies without the long download wait. Fabulous product.
My son moved up from an iPod to this and he loves it!
My son will love this for Christmas
My wife has had one for a couple years and I had another brand. I was jealous lol. There are good tablets out there but the iPad sets the standard by which all others are compared. Meets all my needs and then more. Very compact but more useful than the iPhones smaller screen.
My wife loves it. Just the right size. Works like our iphones. Plus great price!
My wife really loves it,this was my wife's Mother's Day gift and it was nicely packaged.
My wife was always doing her tasks on her i-Phone from paying bills, checking email, reading books, and downloading music.
N/A
Never had issues! Always on point! You just can't beat walmart!
Never owning an IPad before, we thought this was great. I do have an IPhone and it' very similar to that so it was easy to use the IPad mini.
New to Apple iPad.
Nice
Nice device but more storage will be needed and appreciated.
Nice for a teenage but not good enough to put in movies and games.
Nice pad and on sale
Nice size tablet. Better price than the 10" and better size for gaming, especially for my 8 yr old.
Nice user friendly product but I am an IPhone owner as well. I found this version to be slower than expected even on WiFi. My IPhone on LTE is faster than this unit on WiFi. I am taking it back.
No complaints liked it
No complaints. Loving it. Love Face Time with family.
No instructions. Unable to use it.
No one beat apple
No problems - no surprises. Works much better than my OLD Android tablet.
No virusus, retina display is awesome. I have purchased 5 iPad and Mini's. All refurbished. I use them as my poin of sale system.
Not a sharp pictures or video
Not for me....it's for my grandchild....
Not having used an Apple device previously it was somewhat of a challenge but a very good User Manual and a little help from friends and things worked out well. Very handy and clear.
Not only does Apple's app store offer a huge selection of age appropriate apps and games, the iPad's restriction controls allow me to limit content available to my little one.
Nothing more to say....Excellent product and excellent service from Walmart.
Novice tablet user = learning curve is amazingly easy. Using the tablet for personal use. Have been able to download the entire Bible! Amazing.
Now Grandma can finally be cool like her Grandkids. This was the perfect Christmas Gift. Thankyou APPLE.
Now for Apple to make a IPAD phone combo that is a bit bigger than IPhone & cheaper for service!
Okey
On the note of the iPad, it's a great size and a great buy. Yes, it's a few years old as far as the model, but still works wonderful for what I need.
Only reason I didn't give it a higher rating because it does not expand in sections, and does not have a calculator. All other tablets do it, I would think the mini would do it. But the battery last very long.
Ordered after the holidays on a Tuesday, was delivered on Thursday to my home. Price was the best I could find from any major retailer. No shipping costs meant it was an even better deal.
Ordered my ipad mini online and was able to pick it up at my neighborhood store the same day. Great service!
Ordered online & got my product even earlier than the website estimated!
Ordered the Ipad the day before Cyber Monday and it was delivered three days later! It was a great price, and works flawlessly.
Our iPad Mini arrived in a very short time and quickly became an indispensable fixture in our home. It has almost entirely replaced our laptop and is so easy to use and carry around. Absolutely love it!
Out of all the tablets we have owned apple by far has the best security settings.
Outstanding in every way. I'm still learning and enjoying it immensely. Haven't had a bad Apple yet!
Over all its nice since you can play alot of games you can't on the kindle and the galazy.
Overall I am a huge fan of the IPad Mini and would gladly recommend it to a friend, and that they buy it at Walmart. I am thrilled with the recently added Microsoft office capabilities allowing the IPad to match its possibilities for entertainment with possibilities as a study tool, and with the stores great product price combined with the affordable two year warranty they offered I was very happy with my purchase.
Overall I am happy with this iPad. I highly recommend buying an Otter box for it. My granddaughter has dropped it and that Otter is very protective. I have a harder time finding things on the iPad. It is not as user friendly as my Kindle. Why have companies stopped making user manuals?
Overall good experience, good product, good price
Overall good.A fully charged electronic gadget..KUDOS
Overall, I am very satisfied with the purchase of my iPad mini. It's the perfect size....not too big not too small. It's just right!
Overall, if one likes and is familiar with the IPhone IOS, one would love this little IPad Mini.
Perfect and convenient size for traveling; commuting. Great sound too.
Perfect features....Less weight....Makes life easy....
Perfect for doing just about anything on the go. Games, music, banking, Facebook, tweeting, texting, etc. It also came with IOS 7 which I have to start getting used to for my I Phone 6 !
Perfect for my wife
Perfect in addition to phone.
Perfect in store on time great service!
Perfect mini iPad me and my son love it!!!
Perfect price paid 199 for older version of iPad mini, which was a perfect Christmas gift for my son. Really happy with this deal. Thanks Walmart for low prices
Perfect size
Perfect size for me. Get one!!!
Perfect size, perfect price, my teen daughter loves Her new iPad mini. Works with the house wifi so I save on data overages on her phone. Does everything the regular iPad does but in a more compact size. Perfect gift for any teen.
Perfect size. User friendly.
Perfect tablet for my 8yr old son. There is nothing like apple. I love it
Performs as advertised.Quick and stable wifi connection.Great battery life,however I am not a heavy duty user by any means.Itunes app store makes downloading a breeze.I purchased mainly as secondary browser and entertainment device for on the go and I am satisfied.
Personally, I use prefer an Android device, but my 13 year old son continues to say his iPad mini is the best Christmas gift ever.
Pick-up at the local Walmart was easy . Plugged it in for a few hours and the device was ready to go, no trouble . I like it a lot , at $199 for an Ipad mini you can not go wrong with it. Recommended .
Portable internet and camera
Portable, wonderful, easy to use
Pretty good, I love it
Price was great, shipping perfectly done. Arrived when expected, package was intact. I looove my new ipad.
Priced right and no problems so far
Product arrived earlier than expected. My son love his iPad mini.
Product itself is great, small version of an iPad etc. What bothered me however, was the shipping: was sent via Fed Ex yet arrived via my normal mailman. Also, item was packed very poorly for such an expensive electronic device, the box one gets the iPad in (think if buying at a store) was placed in a small bubble envelope and placed in the mail ~ it seemed odd that something like this would be packaged so lightly and rely so much on the manufacturers packaging for protection vs. packing it in a larger box with bubble wrap or "paper"
Product was as described, service was excellent, delivery was fSt. Love what Walmart is doing
Product was defective and returned to walmart store today
Product was what I wanted and it was delivered as promised.
Product works great! Would I pay for shipping again not at all. Why pay for shipping to get the product when you need it and then it comes in 3 days after it was supposed to!!! Never again!
Pros: It's a Apple, easy set-up, lightweight, beautiful visual display, competitively packed with features, and low WalMart.com pricing combined with free shipping or pick-up in store
Purchase was easy and delivery was much faster than expected.
Purchased an iPad mini when on a promotional sale! What a bargain! Ordered online and was an easy pickup in store! Love shopping online at Walmart!!!
Purchased as a Christmas gift for my daughter who likes playing games on her iPhone but the screen was too small. This was PERFECT! She was able to get a cute case for it too at a very low price!
Purchased as a gift for Hubby 'just for fun'. He usually only watches videos, researches 'things', and checks email. I got him to download Amazon Kindle app since he likes to read, so that was a big plus. We had issues with Siri on Christmas Day (not a a big issue though...her voice is annoying, lol).
Purchased for granddaughter, great size and perfect for her!
Purchased for technologically challenged wife. She loves it. Technology level rising
Purchased online and iPad was avaliable at my local store for me to pickup the same day. Pick up was easy and I was able to avoid the holiday crowd in the electronics section, very helpful! Extended warranty emailed.
Purchased online went into store for pick up. My son loves it and easier to transport than my iPad.
Purchased the iPad mini for my hubby for Father's Day, he was using our daughters android tablet to play app based games. I researched a bunch of tablets never really considering the iPad mini because of the price tag, but the $100 price drop made it fit my budget! Daddy was very surprised by his gift, he loves it, it surpasses the android tablet that he was using by far! The iPad mini is great for clash of clans and many other games.
Purchased this for my 8 year old. It's the perfect size and weight for little hands. Connected to my home WiFi with no issue. Exactly like an iPad just smaller. A protective case is a must. Used site to store for pickup and gift arrived very quickly. Great holiday gift for children.
Purchased this for my daughter-in-law, she was so excited and loves it!
Purchased this item two weeks ago and I love it. Previously owned the original iPad and this is a great improvement.
Purchased this tablet for my 7 year old for Christmas and he fell in love.
Purchased this tablet for my husband. He had no problems setting it up. Very easy to use and navigate. Nice size. Highly recommended. He loves it
Pure quality..
Quick deliver but i don't like it. The resolution is too low. I should buy ipad mini2.
Quick delivery with nice, safe packaging. Product works great. As advertised. Good price. 2nd lowest price I found even on Black Friday.
Quick shipping during the holidays I had it on my doorstep in two days
Really I love this product!!!!
Really like it ....battery stays up all day and is very fast.
Really love this iPad. It's a perfect size && fits in all my bags.
Really pleased with the new iPad mini for my 7 year old. Would definately reccomend!
Received it online, easy to setup,,,nothing hard about using the apps or downloading apps...easy to set up email accounts,,,so far so good!!
Received item in a timely manner.
Received item in excellent condition, very well packaged. Bought as a gift for my Niece and she loved it.
Received one day after expected date, great price, product intact
Received same day
Received this on time as promised. Got this for my wife as a "grab and go" alternative to regular IPad. IPhone screen too small sometimes. This unit is reliable and functions just like other Apple products (pretty darn good). Easy to use, easy to download apps, connects to wi-fi reliably. Fits in a coat pocket or takes up little room in a purse.
Recieved earlier than expected.
Regular iPad is too heavy. Really enjoying the mini. Got it quick and B4 my husband's birthday.
Reliable
Reliable tablet, very responsive.
Returned to local Walmart for refund.
Right size and style. Need more volume foe me. But overall I satisfy.
Right size and weight...all the features you need. Long life battery. Syncs up with other Apple devices... Easy to understand...I bought a 2nd one for my son and he loves it too.
Sandra
Santa noticed the AMAZING price and he snapped it right up. He checked for my name on his lists and it appeared on the VERY VERY NICE list. He made an extra special trip down my chimney, and one morning I found it on my mantle. BEST GIFT EVER!!!!!
Second purchase made of iPad mini. Tried other tablets and went back to Apple ipad.
See my daughter face after she opened her Christmas gift was one of the great moments in my life. Thanks Walmart to help me to do that.
Serves purpose well for traveling. Small and compact enough to fit in purse for quick and easy access. Well pleased with the purchase.
Setup was painless and easy, about 15 - 20 mins. After I got it setup, I downloaded some bibles and a few other apps. For myself and personal use, at 16GB the Ipad Mini is awesome.
She cute, she's compact and she follows me where ever I go:)
She loves it.
She loves it....great addition to her iPhone5
She really enjoys it.
Shipped quickly and arrived in just a couple days even though is just a week before Christmas. IPad mini works excellent.
Shipped when indicated, received a day early, haven't stopped using it since! Love it!
Shipping took too long.
Shipping was super fast. Website was easy to use. Overall great experience.
Simple, cheap, and a great gift!!
Simply beautiful, easy to use and I love it!!!!!
Since I have had it, I would rather read the bible on the Ipad Mini instead. It looks a lot better, feels a lot better, and it carries a lot better (Technlology will NOT take away my leather bound bible though). When going to church, it is definitely a great help especially when flipping through books, chapters, and verses when the class leader is calling out different passages. The Ipad Mini will be my bible reader of choice from now on.
Size is VERY nice. Will be nice to use in car and when on vacation. I have an I-phone but everything else is Windows so I do need to learn how to use the apple technology.
Sluggish for multi tasking poor ram and the screen is bad...fit and finish were beautiful though. Sold it and bought a galaxy tab pro 8.4
Smacking!!
Small enough to take it everywhere. It's easy to use on the go.
Small, sleek, well built, fast, perfect :)
Smaller than the full ipad still great performance with ios 8 don't listen to them reviews of other.
So a few years ago, my mom owned a flip phone when I bought my iPhone 4. She's retired and lives out in the country, so there's not a lot of tech support, other than a cousin who used to work for HP years ago, who helped her set up her PC, which took a day and a half btw... After I bought my iphone, she decided to take a look at mine, and loved what she saw. She bought the iPhone 4s, and was sold on the fact that it has Siri! Her HP laptop that she has is slow, slow SLOOOOOWWW, even for being just a few years old. I guess that's what you get for buying a plastic product. A few months ago she bought the ipad mini from walmart, to get her accustomed to the mac system, and will soon be buying an iMac to help her in everything she does! She'll never go back to HP or anything other than Apple :)
So easy to use by children and anyone who is not confident with computers. Has endless possibilities for anyone. FaceTime is amazing
So easy to use. Very lite and well organized.
So excited to add this to my other apple products. So easy to use and I'm certainly not disappointed !!
So far my wife seems to love it.
So far so good. Luv apple products. So user friendly.
So far so good. Only wish it had some sort of back button feature instead of having to hit home button and re-entering the app I was in.
So far this item works great & I was pleased with the price.
So far vey good.
So far we have been very entertained using it for games and audible books. Looking to explore more. Very impressed.
So far, it is a great product. My son loves it. Easy yo use. Great price. Much better than the nook.
So far, so good. A it better than looking at my iphone screen.
So glad I bought an iPad mini
So glad I bought the mini I pad. I love the size and speed.
So glad we decided to get them.
So that we could Facetime them at their home, so that they could easily get to their Emails and play some simple card games.
So then, and I don't know how this happened, I won another one! I decided I would give it to my nephew but his two brothers needed some, too. And I love this thing so much I bought two more. I use it every day; it fits easily into almost any purse or bag. And yet there's still no issue with the screen being to small.
Somebody stole my tablet out my house and , I need the serial number for my Apple iPad mini 16GB.
Son loves ot, easy to use of WiFi, plays games but also good to look up stuff for school.
Space savor in my purse and light weight and perfect for children education. Clear pictures. Very useful. Love it!!
Still getting apps. set up. So many to choose from!!! Love the ease and with it beinga mini, I can carry it in my purse!
Suits me perfectly
Super Ipad - Best ever value at this price Match cant be beat.
Super fast shipping
Super fast shipping to get it to my home. I Pad Mini is easy to use.
Super happy with purchase.
Superb design
Switched from an Android product to the Apple mini and was not disappointed. Great tablet for the price and for my specific needs! I would recommend to anyone!
Sync'd with Ipod touch
THANK YOU WENDY AND MERRY CHRISTMAS TO WALMART.COM!!!!!
THE APPLE I-PAD MIMI IS OUTSTANDING AS I EXPECTED, BUT I HAD PROBLEMS WITH MY ORDER AND PRICING AND I FOUND OUT VERY QUICKLY THAT WALMART.COM CUSTOMER SERVICE BEATS AMAZON.COM BECAUSE OF A LADY NAMED WENDY!!!! WENDY MADE AN EXTRAORDINARY EFFORT TO SOLVE MY PROBLEM AND SAVE ME A LOT OF MONEY!!!!
THE PRICE WAS GOOD. WAS DELIVERED FAST
THE SCREEN SHOWS EXCALLENT CLEAR BRIGHT COLORS. THE CAMRA IS GOOD THE CALL APPS IS A SECOND PHONE IN THE HOUSE. MY 8YR OLD LOVES IT.
THIS ITEM IS A TEN FOR NOW BECAUSE I T IS A CHRISTMAS PRESENT. IT IS UNDER THE TREE AND HAVE NOT BEEN OPENED.
Tablet is reasonably priced and includes so many features!
Takes great pictures, FaceTime is awesome with the family, basically does everything my laptop does!
Talk in the Apple realm is that the mini iPad is on it's way out due to eclipsing sales of the iPhone 6 Plus and iPad Air. Do we need the similar sized mini? Well, for $199 plus taxes and fees, the answer is a resounding, "heck yes!". I could not think of a better Apple instrument to introduce the Apple Operating System and Ecosystem to the uninitiated. For less than the price of virtually all other Apple computing products and even most Apple digital music devices, one can have a texturally nifty tablet that provides a port hole into the Internet as experienced from the comfort and welcoming environment of a finely crafted vehicle custom built to cruise the web effortlessly. You may be able to finagle a slightly better deal on a Chromebook somewhere, but after the purchase of malware protection, you get a better deal with the $199 Mini from Walmart and enter the pristine Garden of Eden Apple Ecosystem much less worried about the snakes, viruses, hacks, worms, Trojan horses and sharks that prowl for victims in the PC world. Although it only has 16GB of memory, you can get 5GB free from a new Apple iCloud account and purchase much more when needed.
Thank u!
Thank you
Thank you Walmart at Knoxville Center Mall..the best store ever!!
Thank you for giving me the opportunity to provide the positive feedback they so richly deserve. Because of them, my 95 year old grandmother, a long time Walmart shopper, is now receiving emails from her great grandchildren, and answering them!
Thank you for ruining a Christmas surprise.
Thank your Walmart
Thanks
Thanks for the great service. The I pad mini came in good time Was worried that it would be a model without a "back camera" like my I touch came as, but it had one so it was just what I wanted for my wife.
That all being said, I had a little issue with the delivery of my two iPads from walmart.com. They came in the same box and were left on my porch.
That product at a great price.
The Apple I Pad Mini that I got from Walmart is great. I got it for a low discount rate. The clarity is awesome. I can play games, facetime, watch movies, and video with no problem. They offered me an extended warranty before and after I purchased the product.
The Apple Mini I Pad works just as well as the larger one and offers the dependability that we all love from Apple. So relax and enjoy!
The Apple ipad mini is a wonderful buy. Anyone can use it and also it fits in your pocketbook. I love it.
The Apple mini is a great size for younger kids, for school, long car rides, and just for fun. I got this for my 10 year old, but the 14 year old takes it over for the FaceTime feature. I guess I'm going to have to upgrade her iPad as well. Great price too, bought it from Walmart.com the site to store service, it was ready same day. Happy Shopping:)
The Customer Support is great!!!
The I pad mini is nice it's I like it I can slip it in my purse and go.
The IPAD mini is great for a person that is always on the go. The convenient size is great to just throw in a bag or purse. My husband has an IPAD and the bulky size makes it harder to travel with.
The IPad mini is working just fine.
The Ipad Mini make a great family friendly gift. I bought this for my two year old song. Through settings, I was able to turn this tablet into an excellent learning tool for him.
The Ipad mini it is great investment. It fast, great picture quality, and sound quality.
The Ipad was defective per Apple support. Ipad would not open when swiped.
The Service people at Walmart were great
The battery life is amazing letting her watch shows, play games, take photos and listen to music for 20+ hours before recharging.
The best deal ever!!!
The best gift ever got it!!!!!
The best price ever, great product and great customer service
The best tablet in the world.
The best tablet to buy
The best value for the $$$. It came with car charger and other accessories plus it was delivered EARLY. I love Walmart!!!!!
The day I decided to purchase a Mini IPad for my grandson for Christmas was a lucky for me. It just so happen that Walmart had it on sale for that day only. It was $50 less than others places I had looked at. My grandson was very excited when he opened his gift. I have the larger IPad, so I knew this was a good product.
The gold standard in 7" tablets.
The iPad Mini is an excellent and affordable tablet! It is user friendly especially to an inexperienced person. This is the perfect way for my 80-yr old mother to spend the winter indoors.
The iPad Mini is terrific. It's super easy to use and has so many apps.
The iPad Mini was a good purchase and is just what we assumed it would be. It is fast and the colors are HD. The size is also perfect!
The iPad is amazing. You can literally do everything with it from homework to watching TV. We got the mini because of the price difference. The screen is barely any smaller, so I recommend the mini if you need to save a few bucks!
The iPad is everything that was expected! I was able to pick it up immediately at my local Walmart and I had no issues. iPad works like a charm!!!
The iPad mini I bought at Walmart online is great! The price was very good value for a truly quality product. The iPad mini is very user friendly-perfect for tablet novices. The image quality of the screen is superior to larger tablets I have looked at. The small size of the tablet gives you a great deal of freedom in usage and travel.
The iPad mini is a great buy for $249. It has all the functionality of my ipad2 and more, including Siri which my wife loves as a computer newbie.the screen size is adequate, and a little expansion works well.
The iPad mini is great for portability. Works well
The iPad mini is just right . It's bigger than an iPod which makes it easier to see.
The iPad mini is made of quality parts, the picture quality is amazing, photos, videos and playing games are a lot more fun when you can see what you are doing in detail. I would recommend the iPad mini to all my friends and family members, you can't go wrong.
The iPad mini is the perfect size and at a great price!
The iPad mini is the perfect size for reading and playing games whenever and wherever I want. I have an iMac and iPhone so synching the device was easy. I plan to use this device at home and when going on vacation. Wifi and my mobile hotspot work just fine.
The iPad mini is the perfect tablet for everyone in my family due to it's size. Easy to see and very fast on the internet.
The iPad mini is the right size. I have the iPad 2, which does not fit in my purse.
The iPad mini was a perfect gift for my son. It seems that we all have the need for more GBs on our phone than on the iPads. This 16 GB iPad works wonderfully for my 15 year old's needs music and YouTube of course. The added benefit was using Walmart's online ordering and then picking it up in my local store. There was no waiting at all!
The iPad mini was the perfect Christmas present for my 6 year old niece. She loves it and finds it very easy to navigate.
The iPad was priced just right. I only wish that Apple would make a place or an SD card
The ipad mini came as expected. Everything worked great.
The ipad mini is a great device for a child (my daughter is 4). It's simple to use, basic in functionality, and relatively easy to set up.
The ipad mini is an excellent tablet. I love it , and I can not put it down. Great choice for a tablet.
The kids love it
The management staff at the Madison Rd Walmart in Clarksville, TN saved the day! They promptly cancelled by online order, which I was not able to do through online customer support, and then they sold me one out of their stock. They were courteous and understanding, which I greatly appreciated. The entire mishap was completely of my doing, but they never made me feel anything other than valued as a customer. The iPad was a commodity, unchanged regardless of who sold it. Your management team, however, was truly noteworthy. And, NOT available just anywhere.
The mini ipad is ok but the help from apple support is impossible to reach. It took me two days to get through and then they want to sell you extended policey. When you refuse they put you on hold for 15 more min.
The mini ipad is the perfect size without compromising speed or functiality of the original sized ipad.
The mini is a great pad for wifi use. The battery life and app capabilities are great for teens and younger ones.
The mini is a perfect size. Easy to handle. Has all the functions of the full size IPad.
The mini is great. I would only suggest more than 16gb memory. IOS 8 takes a good chunk of it
The mini is perfect, I prefer the size of it over the regular iPad because it's more portable and light weight. Also because I use my Mac and iPhone frequently so this is a good in between size. I was back and forth on which color to choose. I prefer my iPhone in white but iPads in black, specifically because most Bluetooth keyboards that you can purchase for the mini are black so it creates it matches better (but that's just a personal preference). If you're carrying it within a backpack filled with books or a very full bag be careful not to place it in between all the books. The compression can cause problems with the LED screen so I suggest placing it on top of bulky items instead of in between to avoid this. Overall no complaints, I own one and got my boyfriend one for Christmas and we both love it.
The mini is the perfect size for holding and for sticking in my purse, yet it is large enough to read from, play games on, and even download books. I think this is the perfect size iPad,
The new IOS os very smooth and looks great.
The only negative I can think of has to do with some of the Apps. Evidently, a few of the programmers haven't figured out how to write code correctly for this as they have for the phone. BUT, this only applies to a couple of Apps. Most Apps work great.
The only negatives are the limited storage but with the wireless hubs that you can buy I just upload my pictures and keep the apps that I like on my iPad.
The ordering and delivery by Walmart.com was easy and covenant.
The overall website was easy to use. The item came quickly I didn't have to worry about last minute arrival.
The price for this item was good compared to other sites. I wanted the smaller version of the I-pad so that it would fit in my purse for travel. So far it has met my expectations!
The price of the mini at Walmart through online ordering was the lowest I could find. The process was quick and pick up was easy. I would purchase this way again, especially to save money.
The price was a deal! The mini was a perfect transition from my iPhone . My music, photos were seamlessly loaded. Didn't need instruction on how to use it, it's just like my phone. Really like that the size is a bit bigger than my husband's samsung tab 4. It's easier for small hands to hold on to. I highly recommend it.
The product is great but I have never received my warrantee that I paid about 50 dollars for. I have checked all my past emails both in trash and regular email and still can't find it any where. I would appreciate very much if you would find out why and send me the warrantee. Thanks
The product is perfect. My family & I have always enjoyed Apple & the technology they produce. The issue is not with what I purchased but how I purchased it. Never, EVER use Walmart's site-to-store option. The iPad arrived as scheduled. I was told several times to bring an order number (which changed twice before I picked up the product) & a photo id. I arrive at the store, tell the customer service employee that I have something to pick up, & she asks for my name. She then proceeds to tell me what's in the box, opens it, & gives me the iPad. No id or highly specific order number required. I was extremely shocked by how...easy the procedure was.
The product was decided to be a gift, so it has been given yet. Walmart has been my problem. Since I purchased on line I did not receive the $100 gift card. That was VERY disappointing!!!!! I also bought a regular size iPad at the same time and decided to keep it for myself (did not get the gift card on it either!). I ordered both in white, and have been trying to exchange the mini for the steel gray (for a boy), we have been to 6 stores in 1 wk and not one store has ANY! They are currently still running at the Black Friday price, except with $50 gift card, I would just return and repurchase to at least get gift card, but what a stinking hassle........... And not get the right color.
The product was good I love iphone, iPad
The screen is clear it is awesome Tablet!!!
The services is excellent and the product is good.
The size is perfect for portability and the screen is easy to read (even for seniors). WiFi is so accessible in public places and in private homes, that I feel we didn't need to commit ourselves to the monthly fees of the upgraded model.
The size is perfect, it fits in my purse and its lightweight. I was hesitant to purchase it because i have a 10 inch android tablet but i'm glad i did. Magazines look awesome on the mini as well as videos, newspapers and books. I would recommend purchasing it.
The size makes it easy to take with you. Great tablet.
The size of the mini is perfect If it was any buggerim not sure I would enjoy it as much. Everything seems to work great so far too. The otter box case is def a must also because the only downfall is that the iPad is fragile
The small version is just as functional as the full size. I find it easer to transport. Very happy and would recommend it for music, social media use and basic internet searches. Great price, buy a good case to protect from elements and falling. Wal-Mart carries military grade.
The table every other brand bases there design and OS to. There might be many with different specs, but the quality of apple products and the fact they it performs as it should ...
The touch screen is very sensitive and it may sound crazy but I have already spent a couple hundred dollars on tablets made for children but I am always disappointed by the slow response or quality of the tablet (something always breaks or doesn't work properly). I have considered trying android tablets but I hate that disappointment after a couple of months of using something and for it to stop working.
The volume buttons don't work and I just got it on Thursday December 5.
The whole family loves!!
There is only one thing that I would fix. The quality of the photos and videos. It seems that it could be a better quality.
There nothing like an iPad. I have an iPad 2, but wanted a 7" tablet that would fit in my purse. Tried several Android Tablets. They were very nice. But there nothing like an iPad. When Walmart had the Mini on sale I jumped at it. For there is nothing like an iPad
These are are convenient and easy to carry around
These are much better then the children's tablets if your buying for a child. Children can group with these instead of growing out of the kids tablet within a year or two. It's also faster.
These iPad mini's need updated as soon as you register them. Therefore you have no storage left to download apps. They are outdated and apple needs to pull them from the shelves instead of letting people waste their money.
They Love It,
They are happy, I'm happy.
They didn't have the black one in stock....but I was able to go into
They loved it. The perfect size for them. Easy to carry and easy to operate. Being overseas this makes it easier to keep in touch on the go.
They said 11/21/41 it would be there and it was..
Thin and fast. My wife loves it.
Think my title says it all...why have it as an option if you don't have it available. Not a good tracking of inventory. Don't have time to get on phone with Customer Servie before the holidays; I'll call after to see what happened. Great price though!
This I pad is amazing! A great little computer that you can take anywhere. Connects fast to Wifi and takes excellent pictures. My daughter has shown me some features that I was not aware of. I did not grow up with computers so I am still learning. Playing games is also a lot of fun. I love the Apple products!
This I pad is for a Christmas gift. I have one and love it. It is a lot of fun to do the different things you can do with it. I would recommend it to everyone.
This Ipad was donated to the kindergarten class that I work in and the kids love it. It does everything the larger ipads do but a smaller size. Couldn't be happier with the purchase!
This Item was a Christmas Gift and the person who received it was both Happy and Surprised. He has been using ever since. Ordering on line from Wall Mart was so easy and it came on the day it said. The Packing was wonderful.I was very pleased.
This apple iPad mini has been utilized every day since we purchased. It is well worth the money! Highly recommend ordering the Apple IPad mini from Walmart.com. We checked other sights and this one was the best deal out there!
This came in much sooner than I expected.
This deal with Walmart online was phenomenal ($318.00 with the Zagg keyboard & case included), no where else could we get such a good price.
This iPad is great for everything! Gaming, work, notes, reminders!! Excellent purchase
This iPad is great for moms! I use it as my date and address book to do list! I also have 3 movies on it for my daughter while we're commuting to and from town (we live in the country) it's light weight so it doesn't add any extra weight in the already heavy diaper bag.
This iPad is great! Had a Surface for a year and it was useless and aggrivating. I should have gotten this iPad when they came out! Very easy to use and navigate. It has great apps. And, my 4 year old can use it all by her self. If you like iPhones, you will like iPads just as much!!
This iPad mini is great for my needs
This iPad works great. It is mostly used by my children to play games, but I also enjoy using it. It connects readily to wifi and surfs the Internet well.
This is a Christmas gift for my wife. I gave it to her niece to program for me. I am pretty computer illiterate, so I am not able to rate this item yet. I did like the price, according to what everyone was telling me to get.
This is a Christmas gift for someone special, I'm sure the recipient will enjoy it. I have one and don't think any other tablet compares. Walmart delivered on time and the price was great.
This is a Christmas present for my 9 year old daughter. We absolutely love Apple products. We have an Apple laptop, desktop, IPad 2, iPods, and IPhones. We purchased this iPad from Walmart due to the incredible price in comparison to other stores!
This is a Christmas present for my grandson. He specifically asked for it and has been begging to let him have it before Christmas. I know he will love this item.
This is a Christmas present to be opened on Christmas morning. It can be reviewed afterwards. When I purchased it, I did think she would be able to use the wi-fi while traveling & was disappointed to find out that that would not be possible. (An apple representative informed me of that fact.) I know that she loves her I phone. she was wanting an I pad-mini to use as a GPS and to play her games, leaving her phone open &charged for phone calls. she said the size was small enough to throw in her purse.It can be upgraded if necessary.
This is a Xmas and B-day. Gigi. The price was great. Hopefully that it works great. Thanks for the chance to be able to finally purchase one for a gift.
This is a early Christmas present for my wife and she lives very much.
This is a gift for my kids and do not personally use this item. Fortunately, my other family members do have this and it is great. That is why I bought it for them.
This is a great ipad. I bought the ipad mini because from the specifications, ipad mini had a faster processor than the Ipad 1, 2 and 3. The Ipad was shipped super fast, In fact, with the free shipping it shipped to my house the next day!!! Overall I am very pleased with Walmart's products and the shipping speed is phenomenal.
This is a great little Ipad . Its easy to understand how to use and It's easy to handle and carry. It fits great in your purse where you don't have to carry a big case around.
This is a great little tablet; fits in my purse and goes anywhere! Easy to set up, too!
This is a great product and great price
This is a great product! Everyone knows Apple produces nothing but the best in comparison to others...... And this product is no different!! This device was easy to connect with the home wi - fi. It was fully charged coming out the box. It runs pretty fast and downloads are easy. My son downloaded great apps out of the box!! It was hard finding a case for it, the two I ordered didn't fit even though they said for iPad mini. But I took the device to Walmart and was able to fit a case perfectly for it. Overall my son loves it for school and play!!
This is a great product! It's the best tablet out there, in my opinion, so it's worth the extra money.
This is a great product.
This is a great product. Now I would like one in a larger size.
This is a great size for teens or someone who just wants to try out a tablet. Very compact, but still very visible and useful. If you are thinking of getting one of these, it will not disappoint! Make sure you purchase a good screen protector, that would be my only advice. Not because it is made poorly, but because I know how life happens!
This is a nice little unit and does everything I need one to do. I got this to post to craigslist and Facebook. My iPhone screen is so small it hard to post pics
This is a product that won't disappoint...BUY IT!!!!!
This is a small and practical ipad to use in a fast time to review email, games and more. I think I can recommend this product to my friend and family. Thank you
This is a wonderful item. Its' an Apple.
This is a wonderful product. It is very clear and easy to use. Would say that anyone would be able to use it. The pictures are very clear and beautiful.
This is an awesome product! It came with Apple iOS 7 and it came within four days after placing the order on Walmart.com
This is an excellent product. It is fast and very lightweight. What an excellent value. I'm a very satisfied customer.
This is by far the best product that i have purchased for my nine year old granddaughter she has not put it down. I have purchased three tablets before this and none of them can compare to this apple ipod it was well worth the money and i would recommend it to anybody i know to buy it .
This is great tablet for the whole family. Superb for educating and entertaining the little ones while traveling.
This is honestly one of my best and most used purchases. I now have 3 total (one for each daughter and myself). Everything about the iPad is perfect. It is fast, good quality and the perfect size. I use these on road trips for my kids, to check my email, we all play Minecraft PE and link together. I honestly sigh when I have to use my old laptop.
This is just as I imagined. Gave it to my 11 year daughter for Christmas and within an hour, she had everything set up the way she wanted and had already established her email and iTunes account. Very affordable and easy to use. Love it!
This is my 1st. I-pad, Tablet, that I experienced. Thank goodness my wife has a I-phone, which is compatible. It works Great and is a lot hander than an laptop. I was given a Bluetooth /case/keyboard and I-tunes as a Christmas present and it to works great. The mini tablet is great and the price was right.
This is my first Apple product that I've ever purchased and I must say, I'm in love!!! I'll be purchasing an IPhone to replace my android cell phone. Hey Apple, you rock!
This is my first Apple purchase and I just love my iPad Mini. I love everything about it. The regular iPad was just too big in my estimation and the mini was just the right size for everything! I read, watch movies, do e-mail and many other things and the size is just right for it all. I'm very happy I decided to buy an apple.
This is my first apple IPad mini, It's the perfect size to travel with and it fits in my purse with no problems. I love it !!!!!!!!!!
This is my first apple product and I have to say that I'm a big fan of it. So simple and works wonderfully. I ordered it in silver but it came in space gray. I was annoyed at first but was too impatient to exchange it. Other than that, the shipping was great.
This is my second iPad mini I like the lite weight and for my use I can do all the things I want, without having to lug my computer around.
This is my second mini. Great for family use with little hands and size makes it really portable. We had another brand tablet that I had difficulty with touch screen but not with his one. Highly recommend
This is our 2nd iPad purchase and have plenty of Apple products in our family! Bought this as Christmas gift for our 13 yr old son. Highly recommend!
This is our 8th iPad mini, now everyone in our family has one. I wouldn't buy any other product except for an apple product. They just work, end of subject.
This is our first iPad. We got a good price so went with the Mini instead of iPad Retina. My husband has not used any Apple products before but has found the iPad very easy to use. The smaller size is very convenient and large enough screen size for web surfing etc.
This is simply an Awesome gadget.
This is the first Ipad i could get to work...I bought a samsung and some "land"something or other, neither one woudl work.. ...so I gave up,.... then later a week or two.. I bought this one...NO PROBLEM
This is the one that my 20 year old Grandson wanted for Christmas.
This is the perfect companion to my full size iPad and my iPhone. Typical apple flawless quality. This first gen Mini is all I need, seriously considering getting another! With grand kids, you can never have too many!
This is the perfect size for my kids and it's not to heavy for them either!
This is the perfect size. Have already got the larger one but my husband took it over. This size could fit in my purse if I wanted to take it somewhere with me.
This item has worked for me and has proved to be a good working instrument. I have not had any major problems, just minor problems such as the screen freezing, which is due to the app I downloaded. overall I give the apple ipad a 10 out of 10 and it was worth the price.
This item is great and great and very secure.
This little apple mini Ipad works fine for my needs. It is easy to set up and easy to use, Thanks!
This little gem can do anything! So compact and easy to handle. Can stay in touch with friends and family through Face time. Very easy to set up out of the box. Would highly recommend this to anyone.
This little gem went to Europe with me and i only used free wifi. I used it as a camera, for messaging, to take notes, downloaded a book, etc. it will be perfect for college use too! No more carrying a laptop. Plus there's free wifi everywhere on campus!
This little unit functions great and the battery life is very good. And, the size of this is just right. Easy to handle and use without the extra cumbersome sizes of larger tablets. Probably the best part is, most of the Apps available for the IPhone, one can also get for the IPad Mini. The display is great and overall operation is extremely smooth! Also, the amount of data that can be downloaded is fantastic and without having to buy an SD card for expansion as is required with some other OS. I don't have to get expanded memory since I do not stream many videos or play games.
This mine pad is doing everything I need it to do & for the price it is a great buy.
This mini I pad was well priced when I bought it online..
This mini Ipad is great and easy to navigate. The movies look real nice and it keeps the small ones happy while were driving.....
This mini iPad is an excellent product. I use it on a daily basis and found it to be very simple to setup. The size is just right for holding in your hand. I would and have recommended this to friends and family.
This mini iPad is great. Very pleased with it.
This one I can just lay it down next to me while watching tv or keep it near by.
This one is for a gift, but I have one and I LOVE It. Recently I went to Europe, an instead of taking camera, ipod, computer, cellphone, and a book, I only brought my iPAD MINI and it was great, most of the hotels, airports, and restaurants have wefi, so was not a problem at all. I DO LOVE IT and the price was right.
This one was purchased as a gift. However, I have had an I-pad for a couple of years and have thoroughly enjoyed it. It is great for surfing the net, checking E-mail, and downloading books to read as well as many other things. I also like the ease of use.
This price was lower with the free case than the price without which made me wonder if it was actually a refurbished i-pad mini. It arrived quickly, in the box brand new. Love it! I picked the slim case which is great too :)
This product is amazing. Easy to use and so many cool apps.
This product is exactly what my daughter wanted and the price was the best we could find anywhere!
This product is exceptionally crafted, and I highly recommend.
This product works great and my wife has had no problems
This purchase was an excellent value for a brand new i-Pad - not reconditioned. I have had no problems with it whatsoever and I am very pleased with my purchase!!
This purchase was for someone that is familiar with iPhone platform and wanted a larger screen. The mini iPad was a perfect choice and meets their expectations to play games, check and respond to emails and text messages. It has some very interesting camera features. All in all, an excellent product.
This review is on the first iPad mini not the 2 or 3. Great solid built tablet, very convenient for travels. Bought after I purchased an android nextbook that was on sale for 99$......I returned it the next day and bought this. You get what you pay for the extra 120$ was worth it! :)
This tablet is amazing! Easy to use, beautiful screen display. Forget all the other junk on the market. I bought this for my 8 yr. old son. It's perfect for kids and adults. Priced great too!
This tablet is excellent for all of your tablet needs. Surfing the web, downloading apps, face time, iTunes, etc. Easy to use.
This tablet is perfect for work and for everything on the go. I use it for watching movies on planes and while in bed to check email, watch movies, peruse items on the interweb, etc. Great product.
This tablet was a great fit for my 7-year old. She absolutely loves it.
This was a Christmas gift for our 11-year-old daughter. She is thrilled -- mostly because it's her very own tablet, but also because it has several movie-making editing apps, which she uses to record her action figures and dolls. We paired it with a bluetooth keyboard, and it's just the right size for her to watch videos, play games, communicate with friends, and on, and on. Great price from Walmart, too!
This was a Christmas present for my son. He loved it so much, he didn't put it down for 24 hours! In true Apple fashion...it works great and is a breeze to use!
This was a birthday present to myself and I love love It! The smaller size makes it so easy to carry around and use. I've had no problems with it. I bought it for $219 plus tax but I also bought the 2 year plan for an extra $47. Not a bad price at all! For either! :) the battery lasts very well. But it does take a while to fully charge up. Overall- it's great :) great graphics and visuals. The only problem is when I'm on my iPad all day then have to use my iPhone, my phone seems so small hahaha
This was a gift but my son-in-law he is enjoying the ease of using a tablet versus a PC.
This was a gift for a grandson, it has met all expectations and is also such a learning tool
This was a gift for my 9 and 13 year olds. They are very happy with the gift.
This was a gift for my husband for Christmas and he has raved about it since he opened up the package Christmas morning. He loves the size, and likes using it now more than his smartphone. The screen is bigger and easier for him to see.
This was a gift for our 5 year old-- the product is very solid and easy to use.
This was a gift, and it arrived right on schedule. packaging was excellent, very satisfied with the purchase, so is my granddaughter.
This was a gift, but I love my iPad.
This was a graduation present for my niece and she loved it! Great product at a great price.
This was a great bargain and I'm glad I got it. It works very nicely and communicates with my other Apple products which is very convenient.
This was a great buy for the price
This was a great buy. The on line purchase process was simple and easy the the price was fabulous.
This was a great deal on these! I bought 2 for my 5 year old daughter and wife. They love them. May need to buy a 3rd lol!
This was a great deal! I bought this for my son for Christmas. It came fully charged and ready to go. The best part was, it was delivered the next day! I was shocked. The estimated date was a week or so from the purchase date. But there it was the very next day. Thank you Walmart.
This was a great gift for the kidd at a great price. I bought three and saved almost $150.
This was a great purchase and especially since it was on sale ! I bought it for my 6 year old grandson and he loves it.
This was a great purchase...I bought one for myself the week before...couldn't pass this up for my grandson..thanks Walmart for making this a great Christmas..
This was a second device for away from home use. It works the same as the standard iPad only lighter and smaller. It set up very easy using the same settings as the iPad we already had. For an iPad mini this was a good deal at the sale price of $299. It was exactly what was expected.
This was a xmas gift for my son's girlfriend. The price was awesome. I couldn't have gotten it for less anywhere else.
This was an excellent buy for someone looking for the iPad mini. I didn't need more space than it offered and having bought four previously, I knew it was a great buy and something I love for work and free time.
This was bought for our 10 year old son .We did not want to buy an expensive ipad for his games. After two years we broke down and bought one only because WalMart had a great price for it. We also got the insurance from WalMart!
This was exactly what I wanted and needed. It works great. Small enough to take in my handbag and large enough that I can see it. Got a great deal on it as well.
This was for my Grand child.
This was just the perfect thing for my grandchildren
This was my two year old only xmas present. He loves it. Big enough just for him.
This was supposed to be a gift for my wife and I. Turns out my wife gets more use out of it than I do. Which is what I was hoping for. My wife uses it for her Facebook and gaming. She is also learning more about Apple operating systems which will lead to the next step: an IPhone. The IPad is really good for folks who consider themselves techno-plebes. The ease of use caters to folks who can be overwhelmed by technology.
This works great for my wife's small business and general internet cruising. Of course, the tablet is nearly identical in functionality to the iphone, so she was able to get used to this very quickly.
This year when I wrote my letter to Santa I made sure I included an I-Pad Mini.
Throught this weekend See the red/white retail cirlce add for price match!
Thus was a gift for a man who refused to get with the new times. Turns out we can't get him off now!!!
Told my sister about this and she got one too! So glad I heard about your sale price. Thanks, Walmart!
Too good
Tried the others, just cant beat the I-pad. Kept an eye on prices and got a super deal too. Thanks WM Online.
Unfortunately, I purchased a refurbished NEXSUS on Walmart.com and have had nothing but issues with it. No matter what we have tried, it fails. I will never purchase a refurbished item from Walmart again.
Verry good ithem working to fast
Very Happy, love the mini
Very clear display. I can use it for facebook, fametime and other internet applications without having to use my laptop.
Very dependable, perfect size for my Purse and simple to use.
Very durable and easy to use. Fast setup and already charged. My 6 and 10 year old each have one and have no problem. Also easy privacy setup to keep them safe while online.
Very easy to set up, have been using it for two weeks, love the fact that when you take a picture it does it extremely fast, my other tablet even though is of top quality (won't say the brand) took tooooooo long to capture the picture this one does it before you even blink and I love that. Internet, Facebook, Siri , games, protects etc is good, very good!!!!!!
Very easy to use easy setup we love them!!
Very easy to use. I love it!
Very friendly user and clear vision.
Very good
Very good excellent .
Very good price, I like it. Thank you
Very good tablet. Easy to work and easy to play... A lot of fun...
Very handy. Can watch movies, read books with kindle app. Skype. Perfect for me.
Very happy with my iPad. I like the smaller size and love the price I found online.
Very happy with our purchase. It was a Christmas present for my husband and I. We also have an iPad air and 2 iPhone 6's. All purchased from Walmart. Happy with everything. Thank you, walmart!!!!!
Very happy with the IPad was using a Kindle the iPad runs fast can do much more with it. Buying on line was fast I picked it up same day at local store had to wait about 3 hours but was no problem.
Very nice as expected
Very nice iPad, high resolution screen that looks so clear. It holds a charge very well so I only charge it every other day. I ordered it site to store and it arrived safely and quickly.
Very nice mini iPad and great fast service
Very nice photos
Very nice, I am a first time ipad user. Love,Love,Love it.
Very pleased
Very pleased that we were able to get the Apple iPad Mini at this price point.
Very pleased with my Apple Mini I-Pad. Easy installation of new programs and easy to use.
Very pleased with performance thus far.
Very pleased with the mini iPad. My granddaughter is really enjoying it.
Very satisfied with this mini I pad. It performs as described.
Very sleek and easy to carry. anywhere.
Very very happy.
Very, very happy with my purchase
Very, very lightweight compared to other products. Fast. Easy to use. Love it and use it all the time.
Waited for the holidays to finally purchase an iPad for my sons, they loved them and I loved the price. Apple sells this exact item for $120 more than what I paid at Walmart.
Walked into Walmart at 11:30 am on Black Friday and was shocked to still find this for only $200!
Walmart even gave me a $700 credit limit and $35 off my first purchase. which was this ipad, so I really got it for a great price..
Walmart got this product to me a week earlier than expected. I am so impressed.
Walmart has the best prices on Apple iPads I bought my mini iPad
Walmart offered the best value for the money.
Was a gift for my newly retired husband. He only puts it down to charge it, eat and sleep. Perfect size, good clear screen, camera easy to use, takes great pictures. It's easy to use for someone who is not electronically ibnclined. Haven't found a down side yet.
Was a good price. The speed is pretty good. I like it has Siri on it. All in all I'm satisfied with my purchase.
Was delivered early and love not having to stand in line
Was exactly what I expected and at a great price!
Was happy with the quick shipping and love my new mini!
Was surprised that it came with a near full charge that allowed me to get it set up right away. The size and ease of operation are just what I wanted and the price was fantastic.
Wasn't sure how I would like the "mini" but to my surprise it does everything I need and more. My daughter has a tablet I paid the same price for and now uses my mini....love all it offers and the small size. It goes wherever I go. Lots of "BANG" for the "BUCK"!
We actually bought this for our two year old so he would leave my husband's full size ipad alone. However, I have found that it is very convenient for traveling, etc. Great purchase,.. Very happy I didn't purchase a children's tablet. I am able to download everything I want and it's so user friendly. Plus, my toddler already knows how to operate it!
We are completely pleased with our ipad mini. We needed one more for the kids and the price was unbeatable!
We are very pleased with the iPad mini!!!
We bought one of these for my 8 year old son for Christmas. It has been great. We love it. I bought him one before (a generic one) and let's just say I got what I paid for. I am so glad that I decided to get him this. He plays games, works on school stuff and facetimes his mamaw. We liked it so well that when my husband's laptop bit the dust, we replaced it with this as well. I would highly recommend this to anyone! We have not had any problems with either of them. We download apps and have never had any problems doing that either. You can also go into the settings and fix it to where you have to have a password before you can download anything. This is great because my son would cause me to go broke! Great buy for the money!
We bought this for our 12 year old son. He previously owned a Kindle Fire HD and had used my IPAD Air so he was very familiar with the use of this product. We also purchased a survivor case for this tablet. So far, the lowest price I have personally seen on this item is $199. We bought at $250 and thought that was a good deal. Now we wished we had waited a week.
We bought this for our daughter for Christmas. Setting this tablet up was easy even though I'm an Android user. The price was great... I actually had held out on this and glad i did as the price had dropped $50....nice bonus. She's only nine so we felt the pricing was inline for this tablet for a child her age. She loves it, she's happy!
We bought this iPad fornour two little kids because they always wanted our iPads. It's perfect for their little hands to handle. There are so many free apps available for kids, I think this ends up being a better deal then the Leappads etc.
We bought this on a one-day ad sale for$219 for our 12 & 7 year old children. It's perfect for their age group and a great 'starter' electronic. Both use it for games, movies, AND education/school. Worth the money and investment! A++++
We bought two of these and it's been a great purchase!
We got it for our 4 yr old but we all use it & like it the kid friendly learning apps are awesome too Apple is always top quality
We got the iPad mainly for the kids but I have really liked having it. It has been so convenient to have instead of getting on the computer. I have not really been too involved with facebook but with having the app on the iPad it makes it easier to check on family and friends or check my emails without having to log into my account on the computer.
We got this so we could face time with our grand daughter! It also is great for ordering items on line.
We got to the 3rd step of setup and it wouldn't accept the wifi in my home
We have 2 iPad mini in my home. We previously only had one but once it became a tug of war, we quickly realized that we needed another one. It's so convenient when searching online, playing games, listening to music and it has turned into a road trip must have. I wish someone had told me about these benefits sooner.
We have 3 I pad minis. We love them. I have one (MOM) and the kids have one ages 4 and 8. Now working on one for (DAD). They are convient when traveling and holding on to. Light weight and hold so muchdata and games etc. Easy to set up and you get excellent help when needed from the Apple store. I would and have suggested friends and people I meet and they ask about the I pad to invest in one for sure and if you look online their are some rewards as to getting a gift card when purchasing online. They deliver to your home in a few days with no hassles at all. Love it.
We have an IPAD so this mini makes an awesome second Apple product for us. Easy to use.
We have exactly what I needed. Not too much, not too little. The screen size is enough, but also discretee enough for what I use it for.
We love Apple products. I have an iPhone and so does my husband. Originally we bought our 6 and 8 year old boys each a Kindle Fire because they were so much cheaper than the iPad. We quickly regretted that decision. Now we got the iPad mini and it's much easier to use. Very kid friendly and I got one for myself also.
We love it. We bought this for my daughter because she can do homework on it. It has Pages, which is a word processor, on it so she can use our Bluetooth keyboard to type on it. She can access her textbooks online, have a calendar synced with the family's Mac computer (our main calendar). I just wish we could afford one with more memory. We love it!
We love the mini iPads
We love the price for the product.
We love this little masterpiece! The only problem is that 16gb is not enough space for all of our stuff... It's a great device... Love apple!
We own 2 of these I-Pad mini 16GB and use them everyday all day long. They are convenient, easy to use and fun. I use it to keep in contact with friends, family and search the internet. They are easy to use and customize per the apps you choose. I would highly recommend them to anyone looking for a device that will add orginanization, social connections, and convenience to their lives. I am of the older generation and this has been easy to learn to use and maintain. It is worth the money invested.
We purchased four iPad Mini's one for my daughter, son, sister in law, and one for ourselves. Everyone loves them, my son even uses his for work and takes it with him daily. My daughter says it easier to see and uses it when home instead of her iPhone. Sister in law is new to computer and raves about all it can do such as find receipes, Pinterest. As for our iPad mini well I had the original iPad and just wanted to update my old one and wow what a update it is. I love the size and all the updates. Can't live with out it. Use it daily and I too take it to work with me. Can't imagine my life without it.
We purchased the iPad mini via Walmart.com at the discounted price of $199. It was available for pickup within 3 hours. Unfortunately the unit they gave us was defective - the front camera didn't work and we returned it. We noticed that there was a red tag on the box - whether this had anything to do with the condition of the unit, we don't know, but the packaging appeared as brand new. We ended up purchasing the iPad mini for the same price at another retailer and it works just fine.
We really like this product and I got it for a decent price.
We use MyFitnessPal, Striiv Play, and Breezing Tracker to motivate individuals to take control of their nutrition & basic metabolism (resting conditions). The iPad Mini, at $265 - $300 is a good deal.
We use our ipad mini everyday to search the web and play games. There is so many games to download and music we own 3 and they are awesome!!!!!
We wanted the functionality of a large ipad, but larger than an iPhone. This fit the bill. Mostly purchased for our kids to play on.
We were going to buy our daughter an IPod Touch for Christmas until we saw this. I assumed it was an older IPad Mini from overstock but it was a recent model with the Lightning Adapter and the latest IOS. Can't beat it for the price.
We've had several other "tablets" in the past but none performed to the level or efficiency of this iPad Mini. You truly get what you pay for and I'm glad we put in the extra money and decided to make this purchase. Other tablets lose connectivity or surf the web extremely slow but not this one. It actually performs better than most laptops, Im extremely impressed. My 7 year old keeps running up, hugging and thanking me for making this purchase. It was his favorite Christmas gift and he hasn't put it down yet. We also appreciate the fact that he's able to read books and do homework from his school on this device. Santa got it right this year ;-)
Website was easy to maneuver, shipping was quick and delivery was flawless!
Well I'm a apple fan girl I must admit,I have a MacBook Pro,iPod,iPhone and had to complete the collection! Well Apple never disappoints,to make things better they ad matched Target price of $199! I chose to get this one over retina display for the deal! Very happy as I knew I would be!
Well what can I say apple products are usually nothing less then awesome!
Well what can I say, I love it.
Well worth the money!
Well worth walmarts low price,
What a great deal! and our college kid loves it!!!
What a great price and I got a case. My kids had a kindle before-but I must not lie-Apple's system run so well.
What can I say best price any where for the Ipad mini. New in box latest version!! Daughter loves it.
What else can I say. "It's an APPLE" Got this for my partner for V-Day and she just loves it. Great price for the best all around. Nice experience ordering from Walmart online.
What is not to love??? It is great!
When buying this I was worried it would be to small .I was wrong . It works great,looks great and the price was the best I could find.bye Nook..
When we made purchase we got a shipping estimate. the product arrived a full 7 days after the long side of the shipping estimate.
Who doesn't love an iPad anything? It was shipped quickly and came as promised. The only thing was I was under the impression that the accessory kit was free, however, they charged me for them and I returned them. Other than that, good as promised!
Wish it had a bit more HD space.
Wish it was bigger but I love it. I am not 100% computer literate and had to have help setting it up.
Wished I would have gotten one sooner, it goes ever where with you
Woks great
Wonderful deal on product. Fast shipping. Walmart rocks
Wonderful item my daughter adores it
Wonderful item. Walmart purchases are easy, user driendly, and the item was delivered before schedule.
Work great.
Worked great :)
Works beautifully. Wish Walmart a better cover selection.
Works great and easy to use!
Works great for communication device for non-verbal autistic twins.
Works great for kids. They love playing games and listening to music on it and its a great way for them to stay in touch with friends.
Works great for school work. Prefect to put in my purse. Would be a great Christmas gift for any college student.
Works great no problems
Works great right out of the box.
Works great!
Works great! Bought for my daughter and she loves it. Definitely worth the money.
Works great! So glad I bought it! Tried a Nextbook, took it back. Should have listened to my Grandson! Lol
Works great!!!! Hope I don't wear it out before Santa picks it up and delivers it under my tree for my Daughter. Wink wink
Works great, I love it
Works great, I really love it
Works great, easy set up, great price, paid $199. Just as god as an Ipad, the only difference is smaller screen and a lower price.
Works great, great price.....was skeptical that it wouldn't function up to her expectations, considering that it's an older model. Would rather buy this than spend $200 more on the version with the retina option.
Works great, perfect size to take everywhere.
Works great. Bought it for my 11 year old daughter and she loves it. Perfect size for her!!
Works great. Good deal for the price.
Works great. There is a learning curve to be able to use most of the features. Ti going to be an enjoyable time learning.
Works great. Use it for facetime with son and his family.......
Works just fine. I love it.
Works just like it should!
Works like a charm.
Works well and got it at a great price. Came quickly with free shipping.
Worth the money!
Would buy again.
Would buy another
Would definitely recommend this product...so easy to use
Would recommend. ..
Would've like 2 have the option 2 choose the color because it was a gift, however the person loved it...Price was a great deal too
Yeah iPad mini is the one. It is easy to use and is at my disposal .. At Walmart should come down on the prices of the iPad mini 16 GB . Like $219 00. Thank you
Yes I bought a mini to replace the dead iPad,. I am very happy with the features and the size. I use it mostly to play games on my lunch break. I ordered a second one for my room mate, he loves it as well
You can have so much fun with this iPad . And you can learn so much surfing the internet. A lot of word games to keep your mind alert. Also a great research tool if you follow the stock market. After you have one you would be surprised how easy it is to use. If you are elderly don't be afraid to get into this modern technology. I am 77 and love this iPad
You can never go wrong with an apple product!!
You can never go wrong with apple products and this is no exception. So compact and light. It also fits in all my purses even the small ones!
You can't download some apps. for it to be Ipad seen like you should be able to download everything.
You get what you pay for. A lot if apps available
You have to buy a hotspot to carry with you at all time.it doesn't connect to your phone hotspot.
You will not disappointed. It is an awesome product .
and the price was right too. I am on it constantly, now more so than my desktop. 16gb plenty of space for what I use it for. Have downloaded plenty of apps, with space to spare. Very thin and manageable which I appreciate. Cannot wait for iOS 8, which will work with this mini.
arrived quickly, quality product
awesome my kids love it
awful quality, hard to use, too expensive, charger is fragile, apps cost $. Never buy Apple.
best price I found on this product, with a bonus buy. Bought as gift.
bought one for both kids after having a nabia for 2 years. THe battery live is amazing and there are lots of kids games avable.
bought this for my college student son. he loves it, easy to use, many apps , huge benefit to the size to store and take and use in class.
clear screen fast money worth
easy for my 4 yr old granddaughter to handle and appreciate. A well spent Xmas present.
easy to access anywhere great for teens and as well as adults very good product
easy to use
easy to use. delivered on time. wonderful.
enjoy this product having a great time and experiencing good ideas
everything as expected, happy with fast pick up
everything went well through whole ordering system. very satisfied with product. happy i ordered through walmart and great price.
exactkly what I want
excelent product
excellent product, Works very well.
faster delivery time
finally got one - love it
five star
gi
gift for my daughter. she loves it. works perfectly...
glad I purchased this product. Very easy to set up and use.
good
good deal
good item
good product easy to order
good value!
great
great bussines
great buy and fast shipping..
great portability. No so great wifi strength, but for the price an awesome addition to my tech toys.
great price
great price great product great service
great product - glad I bought one
great product excellent support from Apple
great!
had a ipad2 before this ipad is so light nice and the price was great too
hers for school, because she doesn't like the school computer.
i absolutely love it i have had the ipad first generation and the second generation and now the mini. so lightweight and amazing.
i dont have any complaints with this product is perfect and what i like most is that i got it at a very low price :)
i love it!!!! my 8 and 11 year old love them especially when doing research for school reports it comes in handy ,its not too heavy and can easily be stored love the internet hi-speed..
i love it..... it is awesome......
i love my apple ipad mini best investment ive ever made ..
i love my new ii pad mini and how its sync to my phone, very light weight easy to use when traveling i can just throw it in my bag
i love the fact that i order on line walmart text me when product is ready, pick up and enjoy
i love this iPad. it is just right size. i get email, read books, take pictures, FaceTime with grandkids. text. has a clear picture which is outstanding. its light and fits in my purse
i love this product apple is the best the camera is great and very clear also be careful because it's very lightweight. my grand kids can't put theirs down
iPad iMac iPod whatever ...Mac is best
iPad mini is a good size for anyone
iPad mini is a great computer for the money. Love the small size.
iPad mini is light, fast and very convenient. Really love it.
if my wife likes it it must be good
ipad mini , very good
ipad mini was a great gift. mother in law was very happy
ipad mini. Great product at a great price. Brand new at refurbished price. Fast shipping as well. Perfect deal.
it came with wifi but havent been able to use it because there is no connection, so a waste of money
it is good.
it is very good and useful , recommitted.
it seems to work alright
it was so easy to for her to use, nothing really to set up at all. Wifi was all set.
it works great
it's okay .
item was ready at the store for pickup as promised
its a great price for and apple ipad mini love it and im happy for the purchase
its a nice and beatuful tablet
just say I love it !
kids love it.
looks like the grand kids will have a great Christmas due to the folk s at Walmart. Thanks for the low prices
love it
love it!
love on line shopping
my daughter loved it
my daughter she loves it. Christmas was a success! thankyou walmart!!!
my daughter uses this as an e reader and tablet. Great for the price
my first Ipad, fast , easy to use , I love it
my husband and I have an apple ipad which my son used all the time. My mother bought him a tablet but it was an andriod. it turned out not to be very good and didn't even last a year. so he bought a mini ipad. he seems to love it...
my son loves it he cant stay off of it.
nice value
not to much experience in ipad but this one is so easy to do diferent things
on the move
perfect for playing games and social media
perfect size and gives you everything for home or on the go
portable / powerful / serves its purpose
price wasn't bad. no trouble ordering and picking up at walmart.
sent this to my brother.....after a getting to know you period....he loves it ......many states and miles separate us so face time makes us SMILE!
serves its purpose.
she loves it, uses it more than her cell phone now. She said she gives it a 9.5/10 but by far the best tablet she has had.
small enough for me to grip one handed, powerful enough to run my drawing app (Sketchbook Pro). I've never been a true fanboy of Apple products, but the mini does deliver.
so far so good, the iPad is intuitive and fast, just need to learn how to better use it...and will Apple you have plenty of understandable on line tutorials to bump up your skill level and get you running up to speed, very nice tool!!!
so lovely to use it.so no comment.love to shop at walmart
someone a little bit of everything in one
son loves it
takes great pictures and works well
terrific item my only complaint woul be that it makes me feel like a relic, having used only pc the transition is challenging but at some point i will be more proficient.
the Ipad mini is great for me . just the right size to take anywhere. Easy to use and great for my Grand children. The camera is very good and again easy to use
the ipad worked except for the size is pretty much like my ipod touch
the product works
the value is only $200!
the walmart store and exchange for a black one.
this ipad was so great at first, but then u really cant help but notice ur buying alot of cords just to charge this thing. after buying about 12 cords for this thing i realized my ipad mini was........done. it was gone and never turning on again and thats why ill never buy another ipad mini.
this is great ! my son loves it !
this is just the same as an I-Pad, except smaller version. My daughter loves it.
this is my first IPAD, and also my first Apple product, It is very good, and easy to use, I use it now for listening music, watching TV or vedio, the WIFI is very good, can open a website very fast. I like the size and color, I enjoy using it now every day.
this item isnt as good as on Ad. i dont understand why people would buy this. kinda reg
this little iPad has greatly enhanced my two granddaughters. the littlest one is just tree and she has learning so much. her vocabulary has expanded so much she's able to use a lot of apps that have her counting learning shapes. just a great learning tool for all ages. i now own 3 minis and two full size ones the whole family use them
unlimited wifi
very good
very good item
very very pleased A++++
waited less than an hour. Love it!
was a little apprehensive about getting an iPad always liked android. Even though is a little different I love it , just getting used to it . I love the size wasn't sure if to get the the iPad mini or the iPad Air but I think the iPad Air is too big for me .. Just love it
we love it. its amazing the technology that is available these days at an affordable rate. Gotta get another one for my son.
well the i pad mini works wonders for my son so he loves it he could send messages be on face time with his mother when she's at work , also i downloaded a few games to teach him his abc's also he's number's he also likes it because he can use it like a phone and take picture my son is only three years of age i would recommend it to everyone !!!
went from the full size ipad to two mini's the kids seem to like them a lot better
wonderful product, arrived earlier then expected, great condition, ( it's new anyways) Great Price....Walmart is ALRIGHT!!!!!!
works as expected, great
works as expected.
works good
works great
works great best purchased I have bought since my food saver
works well and inexpensive once you spent 1 hour setting it all up
worth the money
would recommend to anyone!
