This is a really powerful phone and I am sure everyone has talked about all the great things it can do. Let me just go over the limitations first since that is a shorter list and maybe more helpful to a would-be smartphone buyer.

1. Cannot run anything that requires FLASH. So you won't be able to watch Amazon Prime videos for instance, which require flash. This by far is the biggest gripe I think most Android users have. Netflix, and YouTube will work just fine.

2. I personally wish that it had a better camera. 8mp is ok but all the newer cameras do much better than this. Sometimes I think the camera can be sluggish.

3. Battery life is generally good unless you have wifi or mobile data on then it just sucks it down quickly. Perhaps this is common among most cell phones though.

Why should you get this phone over another? Larger easily readable screen, Multi-window if you are into that, loads of customizations, and this thing is really surprisingly durable. I have dropped it more times than I care to admit and it hasn't cracked or become damaged.Powerful with a few limitations
My husband and I ordered these phones, they were delivered within a couple days site to store.We are enjoying them so far.They have many of the features of an iPhone such as front camera,suri type voice app, 16gs of internal mem & can hold up tp 64g sd card.Web surfing is very fast & you can watch videos on YouTube without choppyness.It also helps if you have a wifi connection.The rear camera quality is nice quality 8mp, flash.The screen is large & the images appear very sharp & clear.The phone has many other features that will take us awhile to figure out :) We also purchased phone cases as Walmart that have an external battery & screen protector. The phone is slippery & large in the hand although slim so a case is definately needed.I subtracted a star because the call quality is less than our old Straight Talk smart phones.I think these run on the At&t network instead of Verizon. Also I think the price is a bit high considering they have already come out with the Galaxy S5. ASamsung Galaxy 3 Straight Talk
Went from Virgin Mobile which uses the Sprint network to this Verizon tower using monster! I NEVER loose signal. My wife has a Iphone 4 and (shhhhh) soon as a Christmas present an Iphone 5, but I like this S3 better. Too many bells and whistles to cover here. The 'gesture' operations are neat. I took about 20 camera shots in rapid fire before I realized what I was doing..lol Dog looked very worried at all that noise coming from my hand? Huge screen means the battery burns down fairly fast, but after a 12.5 hour day of light use still had plenty of juice. I see that Samsung has released an upgraded battery of 3000 mah (30% more power) that you can find online. But for me, typical light user, the installed one is fine. Very light, very responsive, and tons of on board memory (16 gb). Picked up a class 10, 64 gb microsd to go with it. In my opinion, this is the best bang for the buck on the no contract market today. Just look for S968C in the product code.Like Nike says, JUST DO IT!
January 13, 2014 date purchased. Straight Talk Samsung Galaxy S3 White, is the best Cellphone to get. Excellent signal for at&t and Verizon and T-mobile too! It has all the features you want. I love that I can just talk this phone instead of typing in the keypad to send a text messages. GPS is excellent service never lose signal with this phone. $45 Unlimited Nationwide Talk, Text, Data and 411 And if I want International Calling just buy the $60 card then I can enjoy talking to my family in Philippines everyday. I like this phone much better than iPhone 5S it's about the same features. My old phone was also No Contract paying $50.00 a month Unlimited Talk & Text plus Web but I can only check email, can't open other websites not even Facebook. I'm very happy & content that I choose this product it has everything I need. I've done all my research before I purchased this phone. Great deal, great Cellphone to have!!! Pictures are beautiful!GOOD BUY
So far very few complaints. This is my first smartphone, so I'm still easily impressed, kind of like a caveman seeing fire for the first time. But I've talked to people who have had other smartphones, and they love the S3. I haven't really downloaded any apps to speak of yet, but the Netflix app works great on this phone. I work far from the city, and I still have a good signal, even better than with my previous Straight Talk "dumb" phone. The camera takes great pics, and I love the swipe to screenshot feature; very slick. I know this phone is capable of so much more than I'm doing with it, but I'll learn it eventually.
Oh, and great battery life, as long as you're not running a bunch of apps all the time.
Only red flag that's come up so far is that a little over a week after I had it, it freaked out a couple of times and froze up, so I had to take the battery out and restart it. I don't know if it was just a fluke or what, but if it doesn't happen again I'll have no complaints.There's a reason it's so popular
Our first attempt at ordering these phones was not successful. We tried to order two bundles that contained a phone, a case and a $50 gift card. We paid for rush shipping, the gift cards made it on time. Nothing else did. In fact the balance of our order was stuck in some sort of processing limbo. After a few customer service calls, the original order was cancelled and a new one was entered. This order shipped on time. Here is my experience activating and impressions of the Galaxy S3 after one week of use:
1-Call Straight Talk to have your phone activated if your porting over a existing phone number, it's much easier then doing it online. The activation process only took around a half hour, very fast!!
2- Make sure to research and make sure that the phone you are purchasing uses Verizon towers, other posts on here help with that. With that being said, I love this phone, and Straight Talk! Same quality as Verizon service, half the price! As long as your not a data hog, 2g is plenty per month.Goodbye Verizon!
I have never been so satisfied with a smartphone before. I have had a few Samsung smartphones through Verizon and U.S. Cellular and they always had problems. I constantly received replacement phones for the same issues. This is my second StraightTalk phone (my first was a Samsung Galaxy Proclaim) and I only upgraded because I wanted a faster processor and updated android os.

I am not sure why but for some reason it seems like these prepaid phones are of much better quality than those through the large cellular companies.

The S3 is quite fast and I am able to download and use all the apps I had dreamed of having before, without any trouble. The rear camera takes amazing pictures. The front camera takes lower quality pictures but I never had one before so it is still nice to have. Battery life is better than my previous smartphones. I will be sticking with this phone as long as possible and will definitely continue to be a fan of the Galaxy S series.Fantastic!
So far I have done the main setup and transfer of my info to the new phone no issues. The nice thing it has plenty of room for my apps. The response to any application is fast. The screen is large and colorful as you would expect. It seems the wifi speed is better on this phone still only 3g service but it works for me. Great phone so far.A Verizon Straight Talk S3 at last
I paid 299.00 for this phone. i went to transfer my straight talk service and phone service to this new phone. i activated this new phone and loaded the prepaid 45dollars onto this new phone. when i went to transfer the service, they told me i would lose the 45 i just 2 minutes ago put on there. i stayed on hold for almost 1 hr waiting for a supervisor on the toll free line. i ended up losing my 45prepaid card because they made me de-activate the new phone that i had just activated. so whatever you do, dont ever activate a new phone. just transfer the current phone service to the new phone and then load the phone with minutes. walmart really needs to make that change by allowing the toll free people in another country able to transfer money from one phone to another when its that visible to them that you just put the 45dollars on the new phone.beware before activating
I love this phone so much. It has so many awesome features that it would take me all day to describe them. The camera takes amazing pictures and videos. The only bad thing I could possibly say is that it says it comes with a 4gb SD card and it didn't have it with it. HOWEVER, I did get a 100 gift card as advertised in the special deal, so I can hardly complain. lol I like how it asks and converts my videos i take from my computer and put on the phone. My old phone I had to download a special app to watch avi files, this phone uses wmv but like I said, it converts them for you. I bought one for me and one for my husband, which was quite the price tag so I was afraid but I don't like iPhones and the reviews on this phone were great. They were all right. It was worth every single penny. Oh quick fun hint. Use the voice assistant and ask her weird and crazy things. I asked her "What do you think of my son?" and she said "I think he is adorable" hahahaha! too much fun, especially when you're bored and have some time to kill.Most amazing phone ever!
Like the big screen, dwarfs my former 4s phone. Bought it to replace a phone with Verizon where I was paying too much for too little calling features. Now I am saving $21.00 a month and getting more for my money. I bought it as it uses Verizon cell towers for transmitting. The S voice seems to work ok. Used it to make appointments on my phone calendar. Do not know if it will remind me or not as it does not have a place to make reminders as it did on my old phone. I bought an Otterbox Defender case for the phone to protect it which it does very nicely. Used Bluetooth feature to pair with my VW in car connect and with my HPe-print remote printer. Still getting used to using it and its features. It comes loaded with lots of useful apps. It was easy to set up with Straight Talk by following directions and I selected to have automatic billing for the $45.00 a month
charges to my credit card. All in all I am happy to be saving money and getting more for my $s.Big Screen
I needed a smartphone for business purposes as well as personal use. My previous phone only allowed me to install 1 to 3 apps before it ran out of memory even though it had a 32GB SD card installed. That just was not useful at all. I ordered this phone via Site to Store and it was available same day. I have now installed over 2 dozen apps on the phone and it has hardly made a dent in memory usage. I use this with StraightTalk and it is very reliable. I installed a 64GB microSD card which newer phones are now accepting including the Samsung Galaxy S3. Both cameras work well. The only problem I have are with the apps. Some act up from time to time. The phone itself works flawlessly. I can now deal with my customers while I am on the go. I have an online business and need to access remotely often times. Perfect phone for any use and an excellent buy!Very Nice Smartphone.
I spent a couple of hours online attempting to update the OS (Mine is the Verizon version; it came with Android 4.1.2 when I purchased it from WalMart 2 weeks ago; the updated version for this phone is 4.3). Unable to get the phone to update its OS, I called Straight Talk, who blamed the lack of update on the manufacturer. I called the manufacturer (Samsung), who said StraightTalk is responsible to enable updates. Called StraightTalk AGAIN, talked to a manager who also blamed the inability to update on Samsung. After some 30+ minutes, he FINALLY told me that because of some system modifications on the phone (memory modified, as I understand, by StraightTalk) the OS is stuck at 4.1.2 "for now." He gave me no estimate of when/if the Operating System would be updated.

Although, this was not a "Bring Your Own Phone" device, through my experience I learned that if you want to use a BYOP with StraightTalk, best you CALL THEIR CUSTOMER SERVICE with the serial number FIRST.StraightTalk version won't upgrade OS
This is a great phone let me start out with that, it has all the bells and whistles you'd want except for....It cant do basic things like you know receive all text messages sent to it which is kind of a problem. Especially texts from iphones or group text some never make it to the phone and some do and it says click download button to download. The little time lapse circle will spin for a minute or two and then you will get a failure to download text notification which is helpful. I've checked the Straight Talk forums about this issue and this problem is rampant. Straight Talk is out right unwilling to discuss this problem publicly. Someone will post this issue and they say yada yada yada this is ST so and so Im sorry you're having this problem I sent you a private message to help resolve this issue. Do some research before buying maybe Straight Talk will eventually resolve this issue some time soon I guess I will see. Check this out for yourself
https://straighttalkwirelessforum.com/viewtopic.php?f=6795&t=1263846Good phone but unreliable receiving text messaging
This phone works on the Verizon network. Excellent coverage in southwest Georgia. Thin and lightweight. Camera photos outside are spectacular. Inside photos are okay. Fast enough on 3g speeds. Many, many features. Buy a good case. The supplied case is a cheapie. Carry a charger with you if you plan on using it a lot. I can't put mine down ! It's a great phone.Best deal out there !
This phone is awesome. WHITE S3 USES VERIZON TOWERS, BLUE USES SPRINT. I was going to get the iphone but it was out of stock so I went with the galaxy s3 and I'm glad I did. Its so much better than my mom's iphone 4. I've read a lot about the screen cracking easily when dropped so I got a case for it. Cases are very cheap on ebay ($5-$20). This phone does everything, the screen is so clear, the back camera is better than any digital camera I've ever owned. Front camera is good too. Everyday I find a new feature in this phone. The screen is huge, its a pretty big phone. Set up was easy, I got a new number and straight talk service in a matter of minutes. The verizon towers are superb in my area. Battery life is decent, I'm on my phone all day and usually only need to charge it once a day. Unlike the iphone, it has a removable battery so you can put an extended battery that samsung makes in it. The problem i had was the phone's screen went blank during calls, figured out that because of my case the sensor wasnt picking up movement and the screen turns off during calls so you dont press buttons with the side of you face. Click phone, hit menu key and click "settings" to turn the feature off. No complaints. Way better than iphone 4. Comes with android 4.1 jellybean, an awesome OS.awesome phone
I bought this phone because I Love Samsung products, features, and support.

Samsung as a company releases OTA updates (Phone Upgrades) to nearly all of their flagship lines for several years after release.
Samsung also has a large number of third party developers that create custom firmwares for their phones. These third party firmwares offer users all sorts of flavors of android. This gives users the ability to customize their phones to have the look, feel, and features of their own choosing.

Well... I was sure in for a surprise.

The Samsung Galaxy S3 is capable of 4G LTE connectivity. I knew b4 purchasing this phone that it was disabled, and only 3G was operable, but I still didn't give it a second thought.

What a mistake...

What I found out is that the hardware of the phone was modified in a way that third party firmwares Would Not be compatible with this version of the Samsung Galaxy S3.

That said.

This phone isn't all bad. It is very functional for being a stripped down S3.
For someone who wants a good dependable phone this thing is Great!

Pros/Cons: (Low*)<(High*****)

Battery: ****
(Great battery life with stock apps).

Features: ***
(Includes most of Samsung's great features).

Performance:***
(This model is a few years old, but can still hold it's own).

Service Coverage: *****
(This phone uses Verizon's network offering great nationwide coverage).

Support: *
(Straight Talk DOES NOT offer updates on this phone once so ever, leaving you with an older build of the Android OS, and several broken features because of the lack there of).

I hope this review is helpful, and informative for those who are looking to purchase this phone.
Enjoy!Straight Talk's Galaxy S3 it's not for everyone
Purchased phone on Black Friday sale on line to get features I was looking for in a smart phone. Nice voice recognition, have to learn to speak slower and more clear, but works great. Swipe is also a time saving feature. 3G is fast enough for me at this time. Like the larger screen over compared I4 and I5 phones. Recommend buying a phone protector with screen protector. When purchased on line, quite a savings through site to store option. I am a beginner with smart phones, wanted Jelly Bean operating system, phone, messaging, maps, etc at fingertips for work. Other phones with smaller screens can be tedious when typing, this one works fine at either direction. Verizon towers/service through straight talk or AT & T are only options considered. This one is Verizon by Samsung. Like Samsung and Verizon combo and recommend. Still learning new functions as time allows, lots of options available. Good luck with your search.Great Smart phone for price
I have had Straight Talk service for the last year using a Samsung S2 that used the AT&T network. This S3 uses Verizon network. I can tell a huge difference in data speed and coverage. I am very pleased. Be careful to get the carrier you prefer when you order because Walmart carries two Samsung S3 phones, one that uses the Sprint network (blue #S960L) and one that uses the Verizon network (white #STSAS968CWTPWP). I purchased the ladder and couldn't be happier.Great Verizion network phone
Got it in white. SO many more features than my LG Optimus Q I had before with Straight Talk. Prefer Verizon towers to Sprint too... better coverage and reception. Small complaints.. no ring tone option for "classic bell"... just annoying jazzy ones. And I DO miss my slide open Qwerty keyboard with actual buttons to press for texting. I don't have big fingers, but I swear, I can't type a typo-free text using this darn touch screen! Otherwise, a great phone! Easy to set up and navigate. Plenty of apps and screens. Good sound and reception. Easy to transfer my music and photos from my PC and set up email and Facebook. The free case that came with it looks good, but barely sticks up past the fragile glass phone face. We'll see if it protects when I drop the phone ;) Also has "OK" battery life... charge it once a day. Camera is great too. Nice to have a flash. Not a great bargain at $450 (including tax), but I guess to get it free, you have to buy through a non- Straight Talk carrier and pay a LOT more per month, not just $45. Guess it's worth the price.Great phone for Straight Talk customers!
I was with sprint about five years and endured coverage problems and lack of response to phone problems .Finally I had enough of 100 dollar phone bills. I did the math and in 5 mos. it pays for its self.
I had tried to take my old phone and # with me as advertised, but, struck out after days dealing with customer support. And I barely was able to return the "kit"(69.95) to my local walmart store.
In the end I went to Walmart.com and bought the S3(350.00) a cheap case(9.00)an airtime card (45.00) and a years worth of insurance loss/accidental breakage for I think 39.95 .So I have around 450 invested my coverage has been good I enrolled in auto re-fill to avoid the refill hassle, the overall quality of the phone is great,i went ahead and got a new # because I was through battling with customer service.
I read a lot of reviews before buying this phone and I hope mine has been helpful good luck!goodbye sprint,hello straight talk
I upgraded from the Galaxy S2, which was a great phone, to the S3. I was very disappointed, the S3 is much slower, has poor battery life and has very poor signal strength. The main reason I upgraded was because my S2 battery life was getting bad, I had been using it for about 2 years (I should have bought a new battery). I noticed an immediate difference in the performance on the S3, it's much slower. My S3 battery life was worse than what I had, I noticed after the first week, I was charging it daily and I don't spend much time on my phone, my S2 would last sometimes 4 days when it was new. Finally, the most frustrating thing about the phone is the signal strength. The phone rarely gets more than 2 bars. I never had so many dead spots with my S2 and that's with the same provider so I know the issue is with the phone. I have to go outside to use it when I'm at work, that never happened with my S2. What's the point of having a phone if you can't use it. I might just reactivate my S2, sometimes newer isn't always better.Disappointed
this phone does 10 times more things than I thought that it would. It is a must have phone if you can afford the 400 dollar price tag. I have only noticed one flaw so far. The photo gallery freezes sometimes when you scoll to fast.the best phone I ever had
Have been using this phone a few weeks now. My wife kinda forced me to replace my old smartphone with this one. At first I was hesitant but now I am happy I did. This phone works great, clear and large screen, easy to use, plenty of bells and whistles and goes our over the Verizon network. What pay Verizon prices for service when you can pay Straight Talk $45.00 per month? With the difference in service price the phone will pay for itself in a few months. Battery holds up great and has a long life to it. By the end of the day I only use 25% of the battery life so plenty of reserve. I keep all my appointments on the calendar which is so easy to use. I can set the alarm one time (many different hours) and it will work all week. Just wish the alarm was louder but I am sure I am just missing some setting to increase the volume. For me I purchased a belt holder case which makes it easier to carry than in my pocket. I also purchased a blue cover which makes the slippery phone easier to hold onto (okay, I drop things,lol). Would say this phone is a strong buy!Excellent phone and service
First let me say that the actual phone (Samsung Galaxy S3) is a fantastic phone and exceeded my expectations for a pre-paid device. What has ultimately lead me to leave this review however is the Straight Talk customer service. This is unfortunate because Wal-Mart does a wonderful job helping their customers and providing them support. My experience with Straight Talk cost me the following: Lost minutes, lost phone number, and lost time...an hour to be exact. They read from a script and when they are faced with an issue they don't know how to resolve they just read the script back to you over and over again. When I asked for a manager I was told I would be put on hold (I wasn't) and then the rep said that there was another number I could call, but it was the same customer service number.
I wouldn't go back to Straight Talk for the now very little savings they provide simply because of the customer service. The other issue is the warranty. If you buy a $99 warranty you will receive the cost of the phone plus tax on a Wal-Mart gift card, that much is fair. What isn't fair is that in order to process your claim you have to pay an additional $50. Essentially, you get back $50 less than what you paid for the phone...So, if you go back to buy another phone you have to buy the new phone, buy another warranty b/c it's a different device and then hope that you don't have an accident. If you do have an accident it'll cost you another $50 to send the phone in. That's far more expensive than any carrier out there.
Great Job Samsung
Great Job Wal-Mart Team
Terrible Job Straight TalkGreat Phone-Terrible Customer Service!
I have had multiple Smart Phones before this and I usually buy the higher end LG phones as that is what I was used too (not that there is anything wrong at all with LG I still very much like the company and their phones). Everyone started raving about the Samsung Galaxy's though so I figured (as it was time to upgrade from my 2 year old LG phone) why not. I did a lot of research before actually taking the leap. My brother has the S5, a friend of mine has the S4, and my friends daughter has the S3. I asked each of them about their phones and read a TON of reviews before making my decision. I also really didn't want to spend upwards of $600+ either like the 4 and 5 are going for. However I did want a good sturdy phone as my phone has my whole life in it, from my apps to music to audio book to my appointments to email to pictures to video to important memos. So I needed something that I could rely on and worked well!

There really isn't much more that the 4 and 5 do that the 3 doesn't. There are actually even a couple of features that the 4 and 5 have that I wouldn't even use so there was no point in getting them for features I don't even need nor want nor would use.

Honestly if you are looking for a good dependable phone that can do just about everything that you would want or need it too this is the phone for you. I absolutely love this phone and going forward I am going to be sticking with the Galaxy family. The amount of internal space for this phone is awesome at 16GB (more than any other phone I have had!) and it holds up a 62GB SD card, that is more than enough space for everything you would want or need. I have my pictures go to my SD card and my music and some apps on there but basically everything is on my phone and I still have 11GB of space left!

The back camera is nice and takes good quality pictures and videos. The front camera is only a 1.9mp so its a little less quality but still works great and has a front flash (which I LOVE cause my old phone did not have that). I also love the LED indicator which my old phone also did not have. The LED light will flash different colors for different missed notifications. Blue for missed calls, texts, and emails and Red for charging (or it will show as red if you have it set to do this for when you have low battery life if you want an indicator that your battery is getting low). I also get green for Facebook messenger and yellow for Snap Chat. I love being able to tell what I have missed just by looking at the light. This way I know whether it needs to be looked at right away or if it can wait. And the screen for this phone is so clear! Colors look amazing and the glass is so smooth you barely have to touch anything to get it to work. Sliding your finger between one of the 7 (YES 7) home screens is so easy, you don't have to push hard on an icon or to scroll between screens like with some phones. And it's a good size too. The screen alone on this phone is just about the size of my entire old phone. Sound quality is also nice coming from the speaker.

The phone has a ton of customization, lots of nifty features such as motion sensors to a voice assist like the iPhone's Siri. Please note this phone does NOT come with some of the usual apps already installed such as Facebook and Twitter so you will need to download them if you utilize them. I actually liked this because I think it's wasted space (for me personally) because I don't utilize Twitter often and I go to the Facebook mobile site as I prefer that over the app. You can change the font style and size of the font for your phone which is neat. You can even change the style of vibration (it will vibrate to the beat of jingle bells if you want it too). If you use you phone for your alarm like I do you can even have it so it reads you your agenda for the day when the alarm goes off. So whatever you have scheduled in your calendar for the day it will actually tell you like an assistant would!

The battery life is great so far as I can go all day using my phone and it will still have battery life. I have only had it once tell me to connect to my charger but I was using it almost non-stop all day but it still didn't die before I got it plugged in (and remember to utilize the power saver function if you start to run low on battery life, it really does help).

This phone really does everything that I need plus more. The things I listed are just the tip of the iceberg, there is SO much more that this phone does. It is a great phone and the service is wonderful. I have had Straight Talk for at least 5 years now. I switched from Verizon where I was paying almost $300.00 a month for a very limited plan for two lines. Like the commercial says I literally cut my bill in more than half! I still get the same wonderful Verizon signal but for way less of the cost. I also love that I am not tied to a plan and do not need to wait until they say it is okay for me to upgrade and then tie me back into another contract because I got a new phone. I can now stop service whenever I feel like it (though I wouldn't do that) and can upgrade whenever I feel like it. It's a wonderful feeling being so free with cell service!

I would also recommend getting the 2 year accidental protection plan along with your new Galaxy S3 for those just in case uh-oh moments. It is totally worth it. I have had it on all of my Straight Talk phones and I have actually had to use it before when my charger port on my phone broke and would not allow me to plug in my charger. They covered my phone and I got a full refund to get a new phone! I say it's totally worth it.

There are two of these phones for Straight Talk service though so beware of which one you are purchasing as these work on two different towers! The White one works for Verizon (which is the one I have and I was super excited cause I wanted the white) and the Blue one works for AT&T. So make sure if you are buying online to beware of this OR go to your local Wal-Mart as they only carry phones that works in that and close by areas. You can also check the little code on the front bottom right corner of the box (if you are in the store as they do not show this online) whatever the letter is at the end of the code is the service tower the phone works for (i.e. V is for Verizon and A is for AT&T). If you want the Verizon phone you want to make sure it is model number STSAS968CWTPW.

All in all I would HIGHLY recommend this phone to anyone looking for a new smart phone and looking to maybe join the world of Samsung Galaxy. You don't need to go with the S4 or S5 if you don't want to spend that much as the S3 is just as amazing! It is totally worth the price and it's actually a really good deal. I promise you will love this phone!Best smart phone & ST as a carrier
Great phone. Has all the bells and whistles and then some.Up to this point, I have enjoyed this phone completely.Excellent phone.
I love this phone. What I love even better is that it runs on Verizon towers and I pay the Straight Talk price.!!!! The free cover was a plus. Easy to remove and put back on. It is rubberized so there is some protection from falls. It even covers the volume and power button so they stay nice and clean.Best phone ever! Can i say anymore.
I have had multiple straight talk phones and their service has always worked fine for me. This Galaxy s3 has been the nicest phone to date. Verizon service is perfect where I live and that coupled with this very nice phone makes for a great package. After activating my phone it would not receive text messages with a picture attached ( mms ) so I set up an account on the Straight Talk forum. I chatted online with a rep. She could not help but sent me a 1-800- number and within 10 minutes the problem was fixed. The service works perfect now and the phone is much nicer than the galaxy s II that it replaced. I purchased an extra battery and charger from Samsung direct for $50.00. I never have to plug in my phone. Just replace the battery with a freshly charged one and I never have to be attached to a cord. 3g service is plenty fast.

If your not a data hog and want good affordable service Straight Talk works just great. If you are a person that thinks the world owes you something this may not be the service for you. The Phone however works great and I am once again happy. :-)

This was a Cyber Monday special and shipping took 13 days but what do you expect..... its Christmas!Never had a problem with Straight Talk
After purchasing SIII, and assuming it ran on the Verizon network, I found out that the model # found on the back of the box determines which network the phone operates on. The S960C runs on Sprint, which has give me trouble from day 1. Look for model running on Verizon network.Networks are important
I had a Samsung Galaxy s And it worked for about 9 months they did send replacement that worked for another 9 months. When that one went bad sent it in. And what they sent me was a cheep replacement. The phone when purchased was $250.00 the phone they sent was only $150.00. They said this was the closest phone in price to the one I had. I said that is unacceptable they basically said sorry that all we can do. I switched to a Verizon pre paid plan . Costs me the same amount, but one advantage is I get customer service that I can understand and doesn't take two and three hours of being on the phone to resolve issue. Straight talk has the worst customer service I have ever encountered.ggod phone bad carrier
Purchased the Samsung Galaxy S3 from Straight Talk web site. Had the phone for two weeks, when I called Straight Talk customer service because my phone was telling me I had NO mobile service. The customer service rep told me to turn my phone off and then make sure I had WiFi and turn the phone back on. Did what I was told. It happen again. Called Straight talk customer service again. After 4 hrs and talking to 12 different people, the problem is that Straight Talk sold me a phone that runs off of "Sprint" towers. The closest Sprint tower is in NH. Now because I am over thirty days of owning the phone that they sold me incorrectly, they are not willing to help me by taking the phone back and sending me a phone that works in my area. I have been a Straight Talk user for a very long time. No pleased at all. This is their mistake!!! I was told by Wal-Mart Associates in the Bangor, ME area that the straight talk phones they sell all run off of Verzion network. As a person that has worked in retail most of my life- I feel Straight Talk should take care of their customers, especially when it was their mistake. If the customer service person the first time had taken the time to trouble shot the problem I could have sent the phone back for a full refund. No I am out a lot of money and a phone that has very spotty coverage.BUYER BEWARE!!!!!!!!!!
I have been with Straight Talk for almost a year, I recently upgraded to a Samsung Galaxy S3 and I don't regret it one bit....this phone is awesome for a simple cell phone user. My daughter got this one before me and I fell in love...I had to have it for myself. My daughter lives off the cellphone, unlike myself, but the responsiveness, easy of use, and large screen are worth the few bucks more. I live out in the wilderness and I have had no problems with connections. I tell all my friends and I encourage all to get a phone like this one. I used to have a cell phone from all the big cell phone companies and their ridiculous plans....I was so frustrated, it led me to be a Straight Talk user.....I am hooked and I plan to stay with Straight Talk for a very long time. Straight Talk fits all my needs and more......Awesome phone!
Stuck at Android 4.1. I bought this to test apps on, as my main phone is an iPhone 5S. I assumed it would be able to be updated to the latest version of Android as ALL OTHER S3's are, but Straight Talk does not ever release updates to their phone's operating systems, EVEN THOUGH SAMSUNG HAS PROVIDED THE UPDATE already, the carrier (Straight Talk) only needs to make it available to their phones. Unacceptable. This is the LAST phone I buy from Straight Talk.Straight Talk DOES NOT provide updates to the OS!!
Its way nicer than I thought . Great picture the color is outstanding on screen. Still looking and learning so many options. I thought the g2 couldn't get any better. I was wrong. Love it bought my daughter one have showed and recommended to many others.Great hasmany options
Love the size of this phone at 4.8". Love that big screen. Great graphics. All-around great!Great phone - meets my needs, easy to use!
I recently received my Straight Talk Phone, which was a big purchase for me. I have been trying and working with Straight Talk for 5 days now to have the phone activated. I have had a Tracfone where you buy the minutes for years. So I thought it was a matter of transferring my phone number from the old to the new phone. The old phone worked off AT&T tower...the new phone works off Verizon Tower. Apparently this is a HUGE problem for transfer. I have NOT had either phones activated for 5 days. Working with Straight Talk customer service has been a nightmare. No one seems to know the problem or how to solve the issue. I have been told the new phone cannot be activated because the Verizon Tower is down. Hard to believe since other family members and friends use Verizon and their phones are working just fine. Everyday I call...I am told it will be activated in 48 hours. As I said before...it has now been 5 days. I am so frustrated because I cannot use the old phone as my phone number has been disconnected and Straight Talk cannot do anything about it until Verizon activates the phone. At this point, I am out $400.00. Needless to say, I am returning the phone for a refund...but will still be out the $45.00 for the Straight Talk monthly fee.
Terrible service and I will NEVER recommend Straight Talk or Verizon to anyone!!!Straight Talk/So Disappointed/Discouraged
Couldnt be happier with this cell phone. I read a review on walmarts website that said the "white S3" works on verizon towers. So I decided to go for it. Always knew the phone was top notch. I have been with Straight Talk for a few years now. Never had a problem. I also own a samsung galaxy proclaim. Best phone except for the small screen of 3.5" inches. Back to the white S3 from straight talk but ordered through Walmart. You get 15 days to try the phone out. The phone was a breeze to transfer since I was already on Straight Talk. Took maybe 5 min and I was making calls and using my phone. Contacts transfered using google account. Clear call, no dropped calls, awesome camera.texting couldnt be easier using hangouts app. Web browsing is smooth. 4.8"screen is the perfect size for viewing everything clearly. I can go on & on about this phone. Android phones just need a little tweaking so you dont drain your battery as fast. Easily get a day and then some with a full charge with average use. If your on your phone all day long I would invest in a extended battery. I live in NY and verizon is king as far as great cellphone service. I dont regret this purchase at all. Thank You Walmart/Straight Talk.awesome phone , great price , verizon towers
After months researching and reading reviews of all cell companies available, all while contemplating trying the cheaper straight talk, I was apprehensive to say the least in buying a phone outright not knowing if it would work. Wow! I'm so happy with this phone. I think the trend is going away from contract phone companies and people want cheaper prepaid services. No cell phone company's customer service gets great reviews anymore so why not give ST a try? I'm very happy with my purchase and I'm saving hundreds of dollars over using Verizon! This phone is fantastic! If you are like me and do not care about having the latest, greatest and newest model phone, the Galaxy S3 from Straight Talk is the way to go! No more outrageous cell phone bills. I called ST customer service and activated my cellphone with no problems at all. This phone works great!Glad I gave ST a try.
It's the 'luck of the draw' I guess. Millions of these Galaxy S3 phones in circulation. I got one with an apparent factory defect.

I've been messing around for a day and a half with tech support and running to Walmart and back. I finally got Smart-Talk to agree to send a replacement.

I'm told that in 3-5 days, I will receive a return authorization and kit to mail the phone back.

I'm told that it will take another 7-10 days to receive the replacement.

Meanwhile, I'm stuck without a phone. And my monthly service that I paid for in advance is ticking away.

Maybe I should have stayed with AT&T.

My first experience with Walmart and Smart-talk has been a Big Disappointment.I received a Lemon
my only complaint is walmart or straight talk neither one offers insurance on the phonethe phone does what i need it for
Haven't had the phone long enough to give a strong opinion. As an older user, it has taken some time to get used to the android platform- this is actually my second Samsung smartphone through Straight Talk. Be aware that different models of the Galaxy S3 use different cell towers (in my area the model 986 uses Verizon, the 980 uses Sprint.) A series of well made and easily found video tutorials explaining all the functions starting with the most basic ones would be helpful- I'm not impressed with the owner's manual. It took quite awhile to recognize that I had voice mail or missed calls- there's actually a decent drop down menu, once you find it! The phone itself seems to work well, I'll reserve judgement on the internet features until I have more time to test them out.Samsung Galaxy G3 on Straight Talk
I have had this phone for a couple weeks now. I cannot get a signal above 1 bar, and Straight Talk support says you cannot use WiFi calling on their phones. WHY NOT??? Stupid. Even in the downtown area of a major city, I rarely had more than two bars, and the WiFi was iffy. Support finally said they will send a replacement phone. If it is any better then I will update this review, but for now I am stuck with a phone I cannot use and will be without a phone for about 2 weeks while I ship it back for replacement. Yes I saved money over buying it at another store, and after hearing good reviews about Straight Talk service from a friend I thought I would save money monthly too, but so far I have nothing but regret. Also, FYI, Samsung doesn't even have this model available for registration on their website, and when I called them, they said it is manufactured for TracFone, and I would have to call Straight Talk with any issues. No support at all from Samsung on this phone other than the phone number for Straight Talk. *sigh* What a waste of time and money so far.Can't get a signal, can't use WiFi calling
Changed over from ZTE Majesty. No comparison. Love the phone. Great wifi, fast, very nice screen size, holds a charge well, charges quickly, and I love svoice. No cons that I can think of.Love it!
I got this phone for my wife as our Verizon bill was approaching 100$ a month for the same service. It has worked great on Verizon CDMA towers in our area (Southwest Missouri) true it is 3G and not 4GLTE compatible but you will not notice it! The coverage and battery life is the main two things I care about!!! The initial price was steep but we will make it up in four months easily. Just make sure you get the white s3 s968c. Stop paying for Verizon!!! Stop letting them hold a brick over your head with a contract!!! This is the way to go!!! As soon as my contract is up Ill be switching to this phone/carrier as well!!!Great for Southwest Missouri
Ok, my husband has had the Samsung Galaxy 3 for 2 years now. I positively LOVE his phone! That's why I assumed that spending $300. I would get a phone as good as his is. Wrong! First of all I my previous phone was a LG Android, it sent text messages quickly, received pictures easily, and I could get online anytime I wanted to, not to mention send videos that were of 'normal' size. I should never have wasted my money on this Samsung Galaxy! It doesn't do anything that my LG did and does even less. Videos that I send? They come out less than 1 inch big to the receiving end, worthless. I can't go online most of the time, I can oh so rarely ever get into the Playstore where we 'obviously' need to get most Apps, my text messages take forever to go through and many of then fail. I might as well have spent $20. and just got a regular old fashioned cell phone with talk & text, that's all this phone is good for. I know I have a lot more complaints but am so sick of dealing with it that I don't even want to bother. Let me just say that anything that is important doesn't work. I do NOT recommend.I am SO dissappointed! Expected so much better!
My husband and I have the S3's and have been using them everyday since Aug 2012! Mine did have a malfunction where it did not load properly, but it was replaced with a refurb long ago and have had no issue since then. His phone has worked since day one and they both still hold a charge for about 12 hours. I could get a new S5, but why? These still work and do mostly the exact same thing.

Worth every penny.2 1/2 years later
Purchased 2 of these phones last year for about $300 a piece. Neither one of them have given us any trouble whatsoever! This model works on the Verizon Network, so it is a very rare occurrence that you are in an area that you do not have service.Cant beat this phone for Straight Talk!
I have had this phone less than two months. It started dropping my calls a few minutes into the
call, sometimes (several) the call would start breaking up and you could not hear the calling party or they could not hear you. Called straight talk said I needed to call them from another phone to test the Samsung phone, did that and said I had to prove the calls were getting dropped and there was breaking up during the call, so they had me make a call to someone and they stay on the line waiting for the problems to occur. CRAZY! How long was I suppose to stay on the call? It did not happen and they said I needed to call back if/or when it happened again. I spent $45 on a card to renew minutes, useless if the phone doesn't work correctly, and they said I could not make a even exchange. What a waste of not only $320.00 for phone but two phone cards. DO NOT BUY!!!!If you're not happy with phone, can't return it!
When my phone number arrived we started to set it up using the SS# on the card. I wanted to keep my Verizon phone number and was told no Problem. When trying to use the phone the next day no one could figure out why it would not work. I spent the day (entire) day trying to get it fixed. The following morning I called again and a young lady figured out right away that the SS# on the card was not the SS# of the phone. I lost my old phone number because of this.Be sure the SS# matches/phone and card
Phone works great, it is a CDMA-V for people that need to know this so yes it works with Verizon. Activated phone before I went to town and by the time I came back I had service on it and I activated it online, my old phone # was transferred to this phone flawlessly. My only complaint is that after I bought it it went on sale for $100 off on blackfriday. Of course walmart wouldn't give me a rebate or even gift card for $100 I had to return it and repurchase another phone. But I shouldn't complain too much since I will be saving $70 per month with Straight Talk!Samsung Galaxy S3
i waited until Walmart/Straight talk had a Samsung Galaxy that runs on Verizon lines. It was worth the wait. Just make sure you get the (WHITE) SAMSUNG GALAXY sku#551751142 ONLY. All other in stock Samsung's run on other carriers. But Verizon has the best coverage Nationwide.
My only negative note is that Straight talk will not allow you to run this phone on the 4g network. It will only allow the Verizon 3g network.
It was on sale for the Thanksgiving holiday weekend for $299. a $100 dollar discount off the regular price. A very Good deal.
So go buy this phone before they change the price back to $399.00great smart phone
The camera would not work and when you talk on the phone it stayed hot I called samsung they could not help me told me to call straight talk and they told me to talk to Walmart so I took the phone back and got a refundNot happy at all
Sorry, I do not know how this phone worked. After 5 days and many hours on the phone with Straight Talk they were not able to provide me with service. Apparently one of their networks were down. They kept telling me it would be another 24 hours, then 48 hours. If they couldn't get the service activated, what would the long term service be? On day six, I returned the phone to my local Walmart (they were wonderful about accepting the return). I am now using a different provider. GOOD LUCK with Straight Talk.Very disappointed with Straight Talk
All my friends have the newest I phones ( on AT+T, Verizon + Straight Talk)and they were not happy when they saw what the Galaxy S3 will do. I have enjoyed it for a few weeks and can't find anything I don't like yet. Even the battery life is great. 1 of my personal favs is that home screen shows I have a missed text or phone call without me having to dig to find out if I have messages. So easy to use. Get a case ASAP-I found some great ones in woodVerizon network on mine + plus great phone
When I bought this phone online, I thought I was getting a 4G phone. They did not clarify that it was a 3G phone. Other than that, the phone has worked out good for me. The main thing I bought it for was the 2 Gb ram. You still have to watch it because they build in so many applications, but at least some of it can be managed.Good product / Decieving ad
This phone can in my opinion do it all! I love it! My old phone (straight talk galaxy proclaim) was good and I had it for 2 years and I got my moneys worth out of it but the battery life towards the end was seriously lacking (would leave home w/a fully charged phone, be gone an hour and it would be dead before I got back home). It was time for an upgrade. I wanted to remain on Verizon towers so my choices were a bit limited. This was the most obvious choice as it would keep me on Verizon towers and was pricey but the cheaper of the choices I had available to me. to me $300 for a phone was still A LOT, but I bit the bullet and couldn't be happier. Now I only have to charge my phone once per day (could probably go 2-3 days without charging if not using heavily). I prefer the android OS over the Iphone OS so this works perfectly and gives me exactly what I wanted. The camera takes as good of pics and my reg digital camera does. Going from the Galaxy proclaim to this S3, the biggest adjustment was size. It's significantly bigger. Not to the point that it makes it uncomfortable...just a change and adjustment. But really the screen size and quality make up for it and I adjusted in just a few days, no way I could go back to the smaller model now! Operates of off Verizon towers so I have great service everywhere and have had no issues at all and is very user friendy. Would recommend to anyone looking for an upgrade!Pricey but worth it!
From the stone age to today is where I arrived when I finally bought a much smarter phone. I was a hold out with my old phone since it was rugged and easy. Dropped from a roof and didn't even scratch it. Yet, I had to catch up with technology and the Galaxy S3 was my best choice for the money. After two weeks, I really like this phone and although a lot more delicate than my previous phone it's a lot easier on my old eyes and does so much more. Battery life is okay considering all it does. Highly recommended.Easy to learn and more than enough functionality.
I wanted to upgrade my 3 year old Straight talk LG that also ran off Verizon towers it was small, touch wasn't responsive anymore. Bought the S3 Everyone loves their Verizon and AT&T S3's so I spent the 279.00 at Walmart, I hate this phone. It is slow no apps downloaded yet constantly has internet problems. Disabled the bloatware it still is slow. Got fed up and bought a AT&T note 2 and a sim. That is exactly how the S3 should be. I don't watch videos, download anything. So beware. My $40.00 LG was better, Faster with 7 apps running. Putting the S3 with a life proof case on craigslist. I actually hate this phone. It's not worth the price! I have 3 straight talk accounts. One 5c works great, a Verizon gzone 3g they both blow this phone away. Byop is the best option with Straight talk. My first cheap phone with them was awesome but the S3 is a horrible phone. The note shouldn't be faster AT&T is behind Verizon here so this phone is just sad!verizon towers but very slow. Old Lg was faster
I bought this phone and I hooked it up with Straight talk, But the phone was a Verizon phone and Verizon does not lease 4G service to Straight talk. I lost my phone number of 7 yrs and had to cancel the service and ask fro a refund so I could get 4G service with a different company. Now I have great phone and great service with some one else.
I would not buy online with Walmart again.no 4G service
I have been wanting to upgrade my phone for awhile now and this is the one I have had my eye on. I am so happy with it! Love the easy to read display. It has front and back facing cameras with auto focus and flash. If you already know how to work a smart phone, this is very easy to adapt to. If this is your first one, it is still very easy to learn since it has all kinds of "tip screens" that will walk you through the features.
The phone function is very good, to! I can hear easily and seem to be easily heard by others. We live in a region that has very spotty reception but I have had no problem since switching to this phone.
I had no problem moving my contacts from the old phone to the new one with Google sync. You can add your own SD card (not supplied) to store your music and photos on. I added external speakers to play some music for a group and it was outstanding.
I have only had the phone a couple of weeks and am still finding out all the things it will do. I am so very pleased with this phone and would recommend it to anyone! In fact, my mom got one too, and we got her up and running in no time.Meets My Expectations
9/13/14 - This is my first smart phone I kept. I bought an I-Phone but Straight Talk would not accept it on their network, so I bought the Galaxy S3 on the Straight Talk system. I needed a phone that uses the Verizon network on Straight Talk. This phone does the job beautifully! While it is not the latest in technology, if you are looking to upgrade from a non smart phone to a smart phone that works very well with lots of goodies, this is the phone for you! I get voice and data reception everywhere I go, and I travel a fair amount, If you buy this phone, also get the Otter case for it to protect it. It takes good photos, with a camera on the front and one on the back for "selfies", and also does video (but it will eat your battery up quickly). The ONLY downside to this phone is the battery. You have to charge it daily. I charge mine every night and use a car charger as well to keep it up to snuff. You can get an "extended life" battery, but it is expensive and adds weight to your S3. This is a very reliable great phone that uses Verizon on Straight Talk. Buy it and you will not regret it!1st Smart Phone
did not work in my zip code. be careful you investigate what type of phone it is because just putting in your zip does not assure that it will work because I entered my zip, it said it would work in my area but did not. I had to take it back and got a full refund then purchased the same phone on ebay for 130.00 less and it works.did not work
My husband bought this for me to upgrade from the original Galaxy S. I love it. I have 2 boys and having a better camera to capture random moments was at the top of my list. I'm glad I have the option to take a burst of photos, and do not miss having to wait for it to load to take another one picture. The screen is so sharp and vibrant. I don't have any complaints about the battery. The phone gives you an option to keep it in power saving mode. It's pretty easy to use. It's definately bigger than what I was use to. It is alot of money for a phone, but this came with a giftcard which made it a little easier. If you don't want a contract it's one of the best options there are.Love my upgrade
This phone works great and was a huge upgrade from the Galaxy Proclaim that I had before. I paid $350 and that was expensive too me but soon realized that it will be worth it in the long run compared to replacing with a $100 smartphone. Set-up was plug in, call ST, switch phone #, and done. I really have been impressed with the battery life.I switched it to conserv.mode and it doesn't drop like my other phone did. Very crisp screen and camera. Very fast even on 3G (no 4G on this) One complaint is sd card location is inside rear cover so you literally have to open back cover to remove. Other than that it is great.Great phone on Verizon network.
Phone and Text was fine but web was like a snail.
The slowest that I have had. I will request a full refund.Service on phone was super slow.
After spending approximately 4.5 hours in our local Walmart and three visits in total, I am still holding a Samsung Galaxy S3 phone and NO SERVICE. I cannot blame the young ladies at Walmart that have relentlessly went the extra mile to get me service. The fault is totally laid on Straight Talk. You would think this was their first attempt to activate a phone. Terribly disappointed at the moment. I guess I will take my phone back for a Full Refund and buy an IPhone.Maybe it is just Straight talk.....
The Samsung Galaxy S3 phone works so much better than other smart phones I have had in the past, It's really quite an awesome phone!!!

In the past, I always had set a $200 limit for myself not wanting to spend a lot on a cell phone but after buying myself a ZTE Majesty a couple months ago for $179 and it was horrible.. worked lousy, slow and totally disappointing even with a 32GB SD card .. so after reading reviews I decided to spend $300 and I ordered the Samsung Galaxy S3 (S968C) which means Verizon is the carrier which I had to have because we live in the country and Verizon is the only good service around this area. This phone is AWESOME! I love, love, love it. It works quickly and efficiently. I am using my old 32GB SD card, I can't imagine how great it will be when I get the 64 GB SD card. The virtual keyboard works perfectly. In the past with cheaper phones I would make a call say to the cable company and the keyboard would fade to black and the cable company recording would say to press 2 to talk to a representative.. except the keyboard would not come back on most of the time no matter what I did or how hard I tried. This was especially bad with the Samsung Galaxy Proclaim that I had before the ZTE Majesty. The Proclaim was a good little phone except for this problem. I tried to get help from Staight Talk Customer service, but to no avail. I had coverage on my phone and it was replaced but the new one did the same thing so it was a glitch in the phone evidently.

This S3 makes me feel like I have a Cadillac instead of a bicycle. Such a difference it is amazing! I guess it's true you get what you pay for. I bet the S4 and S5 are really awesome phones however I'll have to wait til they go down on price because $500 and $600 is way out of my budget.Great Phone!!!
This is by far the best phone i have ever had. There are still several features i need to master but i LOVE THIS PHONE!!!!!! The screen is just the right size and its ease of use is amazing. I cant imagine ever having to upgrade. It's got it all!Great Phone!
Ordered phone with the location check saying phone would work, it did not! Walmart and straight talk seem to be on a different page lately! Very unhappy!Do not have any idea!
This is my first and LAST experience with Straight Talk! I am the last person I know who doesn't have a smart phone. This is due to the simple fact that I am tight with a buck and didn't wan't to get sucked into long term contracts. Plus, I worked for a wireless company and found that the contracts they offered were a pain to the customer. I had always used Tracfone in the past without a single complaint, but I was beginning to feel like a dinosaur. I wanted my first smart phone to be a Samsung Galaxy and thought Straight Talk was a good deal because you buy the phone outright and pay a reasonable monthly service fee. What they don't tell you is that the phone doesn't work in all areas. The website is vague and doesn't help much when trying to get your minutes. They only seem concerned with changing your phone number! I called the number for service and after suffering through a frustrating touch tone system, I finally spoke with a woman of whom English was clearly not her first language. She eventually explained to me that Straight Talk doesn't have a tower in my area where the phone will work (even though it was advertised to work with AT&T, it doesn't). Of course this was only after trying to convince her for fifteen minutes that I do not want to change my phone number. What's their obsession with that? But I'm not surprised. This seems to be the way it is with everything these days, but I'm not gonna get stuck with a product I can't use. I don't know if other prepaid services are like this but I do know one thing, I WILL NEVER PURCHASE A STRAIGHT TALK PHONE AGAIN!Straight Talk is a JOKE!
3G is poor at best on this unit
Antenna is minimal
If you're close to a hotspot such a Starbucks or at home connected to your Internet connection it's like having a mini computer.S lll Samsung
I had high hopes for this phone, as I have carried a tracphone for several years with good success. (It was originally not supposed to work at my location; I registered it in another town and usually get 2 to 3 bars for reception.) The S3 is supposed to work at my zip code so I allowed Straight Talk to register it at their preferred location (another town); could not make calls from inside my house and had to stand outside to register the phone. 3G would come on sporadically, much less than 1 Mbps, comparable to the old dial-up.
I then found a location of a Verizon cell tower, drove by it while doing speed tests on 3G. By the time I was 4 miles away from the tower, speed was back to less than 1 Mbps!
Since I don't want to be tied to my in-house wireless connection, (which worked great), I reluctantly returned the phone, as I understand Straight Talk takes several days to attempt a location change to register another number. It may have worked better if registered at the same location as my old phone, but my return window was closing.Nice product- Poor cell coverage for my area.
the s3 is incredibly fast even though it is a 3g phone, it is even faster on wifi, it goes off VERIZON towers in my area which is a great deal, camera is very clear with great zoom, the battery will last about a day if you use wifi instead of 3g but you turn off the wifi when not using it, many apps, lots of memory, I definitely think it is worth the costall around great phone
I love this phone! I've had 3 smart phones and this beats them all. However it does not come with memory card like it saysGreat phone
Because of the 4.8 screen size, videos, texting etc. are so much easier to use and see. My old phone had a smaller processor so it took much longer to load pages while surfing. This phone has 16GB of internal memory so there is lots of room for apps. It works off of the Verizon towers in my area and so far, I have not had any dropped calls. It is a very thin phone so I bought a phone case to protect it. It is a fun phone with so many features.I love the size of the screen!
I've been a straight talk customer for over four years. It just gets better and better. I switched because I wanted to save money any way I could. Considering I had a cell phone since middle school days I couldn't help being like the rest of everyone getting stuck into a two year contract paying for every little extra. Even if my bill reached $100 I'd get all crazy and start contacting customer service before. Now I don't even worry about any hassles. Just living the life now. My friends all are on a contract paying ridiculous amounts of money a month for their cell phone. I share with them about straight talk and their still on contract with service providers that straight talk runs off of. In ways I have so many more advantages over them with straight talk service including fund wise, lol. Go for it!Great phone, Saves me $ in the long run.
My phone came with a $50 Walmart gift card! The card arrived in just a few days.
The phone arrived a day earlier than I expected:). Since I was already on Straighttalk
it was very easy to transfer my number and account. I am extremely pleased with this
phone. All my friends that have this phone say it is the best. My daughter just upgraded
to a Galalxy S4 and is not as pleased with it as with the S3. This phone is lightening fast
and EVERYTHING is at your finger tips. I used to use my NOOK all the time to search the
web...now i just pick up my phone! Would definitely recommend!Best phone ever!
I love the voice GPS, the camera, the recording is great too. Voice dialing is great just can't say enough about this phone. I live in a rural area and it works great. There are some spots as with all phone services that you can't get services. but other than that. I also love that Straight Talk has the unlimited use.Love this phone.
I purchased this phone for my son. I made sure I was getting the Verizon version. You can tell by the C at the end of the part number,this means CDMA network. No other Cell phone service providers work in my area only Verizon, so I have to use their network. As expected the phone works as a Samsung phone should. I wouldn't hesitate to order another.Good phone
I am not saying anything new here. Everyone I know who has a Samsung Galaxy loves it. I bought the S III because that is the newest model that Straight Talk has that uses Verizon lines and coverage area. I know they sell newer models, but this does everything I could ask for. Would buy again in a heartbeat!I love this phone
This phone is awesome! I had a straight talk phone galaxy centra before this and it was the worst phone I have ever had! It finally bit the dust so I looked and looked for another phone. The galaxy Slll is the one I went with. No delays on text, faster internet and the perfect size screen. This phone runs off verizon towers and has great signal. I would highly recommend this phone.Awesome phone
Works very well, but I does not do 4g. The phone is capable, but Straight Talk service does not provide 4g service. But the service is $1200 less than 2 years on Verizon.Good buy
I have been using phone for a lil over 2 weeks now. I've had to factory reset it and spend A LOT of time on the phone with straight talk. If I'm not connected to wi fi I don't have access to web. The 3g data won't turn on, the icon is set to ON but its not actually on. Which means... no mms no email no play store no ANYTHING other than make calls or send regular small texts. If I wanted a "dumb" phone I wouldn't have bought a "smart" phone and paid extra for the data plan that the "smart" phones require. I love the phones features and capabilitie. The battery life is awesome as well. I keep it on power save mode most of the time and keep the screen brightness turned all the way down and its more than bright enough. Once straight talk and or samsung can figure out why the data won't work and why when I'm at home I'm in roaming mode. (When I shouldn't be!) Then I will happily give 5 stars!Almost love it...
Great phone. But I would have spent the extra $50 if I had known it was 3gits advertised as a 4g
This is my first smart phone. It has great features and takes great photos for a phone. There are however two features that I am not over joyed with though. NO. 1 is the battery life. The battery drains rapidly even when not in use. If I turn off the data feature there are some functions that will not work unless I am close to a wifi connection. NO 2 is the voice to text feature. That feature is important to me due to a visual impairment and difficulty in hand entries. I have been having difficulty getting the voice to text feature to work properly since the second day I got my phone. OVERALL IT IS A NICE PHONE FOR THE MONEY AND NO LONG TERM CONTRACT. RECCOMMEND WITH CAUTION.battery life
This phone is fast and all but it does not let me move anything to my SD card.
I formatted it and it is working tried it on my computer but can't move apps or pictures to the SD card. Reading on line there has been a lot of issues relating with SD cards and the S3.S3 and problems with SD card
The 4.8 inch screen was the primary reason for the purchase. However, it is so much faster than my old phone and even my tablet. Videos play well and I get the maximum 3G speed from my Straight Talk Plan. The battery will last all day with moderate use. It's large, but still fits nicely into a front pocket. My last phone was a Samsung so I didn't really have to learn much to use it. I had my old phone backed up on Google so photos and contacts updated automatically. I had to re-install some apps, but no big deal and the apps download fast using my home WI-FI. The location services work well on this phone and I used maps for an hour drive to a new restaurant without any problems. The cut over process from my old Straight Talk phone to the new one was smooth. I opted to call and speak to customer service instead of using the internet.Great phone for $279.00.
I purchased this phone last month because I have several friends who recommended it to me. It is easy to use, has tons of convenient features, and it seems to be well-made. It does not feel cheap like a lot of other phones I have looked at, such as the Windows phones. I love that I can speak my texts and use the voice command for other tasks as well.

You should know, though, that if you are purchasing this through Straight Talk, that Verizon is the carrier, and they do not allow 4G or 4GLTE on this plan. It is limited to 3G, probably because the price of the plan is so low. Wal Mart used to offer the phone through Straight Talk with AT&T service as well, and they allowed 4G and 4GLTE. However, they have discontinued that. No one will explain this to you at the store; I had to find out after I purchased the phone and was wondering why I was not getting 4G. Honestly, the 3G is fine for what I use the phone for. It is fast enough for me, and I have not had a problem with service at all. In fact, I get reception everywhere I have been so far, even in places that are known to have spotty or no reception at all.

Overall, this phone has been great and I am very pleased with it. The $45 a month plan for unlimited talk, text, and data is hard to beat. I signed up for the auto refill with my credit card and now it only costs me $42.50 per month.Excellent Phone
I bought the phone and it runs off of Verizon so I figured I would get my wife one I got it online at walmart they said it would work in my area but it runs off of Sprint towers it will not work in my area . walmart needs to show what service the phone runs off of so people know which one to buyStraight talk needs to show what service the phone
I love everything about this phone! My only complaint would the battery. It doesn't last like I would like...however, that said, it's possible that it's my location. We do not get great service in our area no matter who the carrier is...so my phone could be constantly searching for a signal. If that's so, that would run the battery down which should not be the phone's fault. Perhaps when I have an opportunity to test it for a period of time, I may find out the battery is better than I thought....anyway, that's the reason for 4 stars. It's a fun phone and I love the size of the screen!Love this phone!
The only problem i'm having with the phone, is my own inability to know how to turn things off or what I even need to keep running on the phone.Great Phone
This Galaxy S III came with a lot of expectations that it did not live up to. Such as poor reception. Dropped calls. It will link to your car's audio system, however, every 30-45 seconds, it constantly disconnects and re-connects. What a pain! This is the most I have ever spent on a phone and this is the most I have ever regretted.Lots of money for average performance
this phone in my 72949 zip is very slow to use , but straight talk did let me return it and sent me a sim card so I could go back to my s2 , come on straight talk we need another 4g android phone on verison or at&t towers !!!!!Very bad phone
My son bought the cheaper ZTE phone and it works great at my home... I have to go outside to make calls sometimes...even text messaging is poor.....I would not recommend the Samsung Galaxy 3 in the 79007 Texas area....My son bought the $179 ZTE phone and works great a
This phone works flawlessly and I'm very happy with it. The phone is very large and easy to see and the buttons are big enough to that I can easily type or dial. The battery life is great even with the large screen. I would advise anyone to buy a cover/ case to protect the phone from accidental drops.Galaxy SIII
Of course I'm still in the experimental stage. So far seems to be a awesome phone. Straighttalk on a verizon network, with a great phone, may I need to say more...great phone
I went from an I phone 4 to this and love it. It has so many different options that an I phone doesn't have. Plus its cheaper and it runs off Verizon. It also seems to run faster than the iPhone. Winner in my bookworth the money.
Love the phone. iwas carrying my old phone and my tablet everywhere because i had no memory space on my phone and couldnt even play some games. this phone combines the two and i dont even use my tablet now. Fast and easy to use. the only downfall is getting used to the battery life of it. i have to keep my charger on me if i use it a lot because it dies quicker than my other phone. also better to charge it before it gets below 30% or it seems to take longer to charge fully. other than that i love it. I would also suggest the Griffin Survivor case for it. it is waterproof and shockproof. it can be dropped in water and be fine just not submerged for a long time. I put my phone on top of my car and drove 3 miles before it fell off and ran to go get it off the road and it was in perfect condition!!!!!!!!! Highly reccommend it!!!! Sold at wal mart!Love it
I love this phone. Sure, you could pay twice as much for a S5 but why do it? This phone has the features and specs to do EVERYTHING you need. It runs every app. Its light. Its beautiful. It has a great battery life. The sound and speaker are CRYSTAL CLEAR. Its a Straight Talk phone which is a partnership between Walmart and TracPhone and it utilizes the Verizon network. Its all good.

The only con? No 4g LTE.Still a great phone!
Purchased a galaxy s3 a year ago and loved it. Just recently purchased another s3 for my wife. She loves hers also. Only drawback is the short battery life but that is already known for this phone. Price has dropped since the s5 was introduced. S3 is not the newest on features like the s5 but is an excellent phoneexcellent phone
It's fast and much better than my old phone, but it gets very hot and runs through the battery under certain circumstances. If you use the GPS, it will nearly burn your hand.Not as good as I expected
You can't access hidden menus that make troubleshooting possible. It's unfortunate. And it has trouble using data to connect to the internet instead of wifi. For a phone that costs this much, seems it should do better. That said, I like the phone. When it works correctly, it's awesome. It's pretty and the right size as well.Trouble off the bat and expensive
It would be a better phone it would be upgraded to the latest Android version that has more features than Android 4.1.OK!!!
It took about 5 days to come in, and when it did there was nothing wrong with it. I tried to get it connected with Straight Talk (The only thing it could use) and it refused to work. I checked to see if it worked in the area code and it said it did. The Straight Talk customer support said call back when you get a new phone and hung up. I had to return everything, and it was extremely disappointing.Not with Straight talk!
I got straight talk a year ago and bought a Samsung Centura. WORST PHONE EVER!!! Had nothing but problems with that and the straight talk service. The camera is TERRIBLE. Do NOT waste money on that phone! I broke down and bought this phone when it was on sale and absolutely love it !! Having no issues with straight and verizon and the camera is awesome. I would recommend.LOVE THIS
Connection keeps toggling between 3G and 1X, not very useful as a smart phone. It's great when connected to Wi-Fiphone is good, network speed not so good
After spending hours on the phone with straightalk customer service, I finally gave up and returned phone. Only one bar of service and unable to use internet.unable to connect to internet
Uses Verizon and picks up better then my AT&T did.
User friendly, a lot of value for the money.
Even bought one for my sister, time for her to feel
"Little Richer" too! I've been with Straight Talk for
a year now, wish I would of switched sooner.Great phone....
The Galaxy SIII is a super phone. Lots off features to learn, and I like the display screen. The camera is excellent fora phone camera.
Would gladly recommend this phone to friends.Amazing phone. Will take time to learn all feature
Tried to buy this phone directly from Straight Talk, and their customer service had no clue what I was talking about. If you need Verizon Towers this is the only S3 that uses them so far. Item# ending in PWP. Great camera. Gesture and voice controls. Beautiful screen. Upgraded from the galaxy proclaim and very satisfied. A little pricey though at $399. What I'm most happy with is the speed and the space. Can finally have the apps I want and so far only used 1.5g.Galaxy S3 on Verizon Towers
the samsung galaxy 3 is everything i expected and more. i feel like i was living in the dark ages comparing my last phone which was a LG zip to the G3. It works on the verizon network and updating from my old phone to this was quick and seemless. love it!love this phone
After dealing with cheap phones with Straight Talk I had enough and purchased the S3 and I could not be happier.
I had the Samsung Galaxy precedent before and it was awful, not enough memory, dropped calls, no signal and an outdated android version 2.2. The service with Straight Talk is great and the price is even better, you just need a good quality phone to fully enjoy saving money!Great phone for anyone
After researching what phone would be best fo me it was hands down the s3. being a android user for years and watching the frustration my wife and daughters were experiencing with the iphone it made my decision that much easier. while in the past not using the phone for anything much more then just a phone my s3 has made my job so much easier, instead of having to use several devices to accomplish almost every aspect of a project (phone,camara,multiple apps) it gets done with my s3!! amazingeverything i need and more!!
Just an awesome phone that you wont be disappointed with. The talk to text feature is great as well as the GPS. I am pretty much phone dumb, but utilizing the features were quite easy with the help of my 16 yr old son LOL :). I also love the big screen and how well the pictures look. Setting it up was also easy through straight talk. Add the otter box protection around it, and your in business!!!!!!!!!Awesome Galaxy S3
I went from the Samsung Galaxy 2 to the 3. What a nice surprise of the improvements. I love Galaxy's and if it is a solid phone you are looking for this is the one. Bigger screen, layout and quality of the 3 is remarkable. Highly recommend!Wow!
Samsung is all that it is cracked up to be! Good looking phone with fantastic features that works well with the StraightTalk service. Great space for apps and easy to use with a large easy to read screen and beautiful colors, Takes great pictures with flash and zoom.Great Phone, Fast & lots of space
I am very happy with the Samsung Galaxy S3. I have only had it for 2 and a half weeks. We switched to straight talk because we wanted to stop paying so much per month for a cell phone. We cut our bill in half by going to straight talk. The phone has met all of my expectations and I am very pleased.Very happy
There is no fair comparison of this product with any other Android devices, and I have had many. There simply isn't any other device out there in this class or this good.
As far as Apple goes, it compares to Apple 5 in its features, and in some cases exceeds it.Great product, now at a great price
This phone has been a great upgrade for me. I wanted a phone that allowed me to Skype, and the front camera allows me to do just that. I also wanted a camera that took great quality pictures. The 8 mega pixel camera does just that. The pics aren't as good quality as an iPhone, but they are still very good. The phone is very fast and doesn't freeze up, plus it has a lot of awesome features like being able to have two programs operating in one screen at the same time (ie, texting and watching a youtube video).Just What I Was Hoping For
So far so good! I am loving it! I got this phone mainly because I wanted one with a bigger processor in it. The one I had before this kept locking up all the time because the phone memory was full. The Galaxy S3 may not be the top of the line right now, but it's a Straight Talk phone, I didn't have to buy the bring your own phone kit, and it serves all the purposes I need at this time. I have all the same music and apps on it, and it runs as fast as I would expect it too... no pauses, no freezing up... so I am quite happy!D. White
I purchased this phone online after speaking to one of the salesmen at my local walmart. I told him what I wanted to do with the phone & he lead me to the purchase of this phone, the plan I purchased & the otterbox I bought through amazon. Thankfully, since I had never used a smart phone before there are a lot of how to videos on youtube & after those & some help from some friends I am using my purchases & enjoying the experience.Nice phone - even greater sales person
Great phone for the price wanted the s5 but this one does everything!!! Couldn't ask for a better phone.awsome phone
I bought this phone to save money I had previously had an iphone 5 and figured this phone would be compairable and it sure is so far! totally love this phone!AWESOME!
Love this phone and we have great reception. Best part - NO CONTRACT! Found the Straight Talk customer service team very helpful at set-up time. Overall, very pleased.FREEDOM and great service
I only had this galaxy for about a week. It was easy to change my number from my old straight talk phone to this one. It only took about 10 mins. So far I love this phone and it was worth the money. Glad I purchased it on black Friday. I am a little nervous because I heard the screens crack easy, but I purchased the otterbox case. Great phone will save me a lot of money in two years. It has a big screen and the processor is quick. Easy to move from one screen to the other. The camera is great.Great Item so far
I love the phone except for one thing. I have trouble getting my voice mail messages. When I try to punch in my passkey the number pad goes black, does it several times before I can actually use it. It is very annoying.Almost a great phone
I love Straight Talk and am pleased that they are in Smart phone business. I had smooth transition from previous Straight Talk phone to the new phone = completed entire process online = no language barrier! Phone is awesome.Very expensive!
This is a great phone! It is a big step up from the basic phone I had. I now can go online anytime, Store PDF files and look at them. See web pages with pictures. Organize my contacts. There are tons of free apps, plus the ones you pay for are not that expensive. I can check my e mail, something a basic phone cannot do. I am still finding new things about this phone! The only thing I find that is annoying is that I HAVE TO plug this in every night. Otherwise the phone runs out of juice. I have run out of power in 1 day being on it. My other phones would last days. However my other phones cannot do what this one does. I still love this phone!Good phone!
I decided to start saving money, so I switched from Verizon to Straight Talk...I have used a iPhone for years but I will say this Galaxy is amazing and it runs smoothly! I like the screen size..Easy to text on... Great service in my area (Wilmington NC) It's just like my iPhone battery, dies quickly..I'm loving this phone!
Best phone on straight talk. With out a dout! Its perfect. Haven't had any issues. I run off my home wifi majority of thetime. But run on 3g when I'm out. Havwnt come across 4g but ddoesn't bother me any. I would deff reccomend this phone. I cought it on sale black friday for 300! Defff worth it! And love that it runs off verizon cause that's the only one I get service from around where I am!amazing
Awsom phone bought this online black friday deal worth the price. I had to go on a business trip away from the family. W as nted to be able to Skype with them while I was away. This is the best phon I have purched with straight talk hands down.awsome phone worth the price
I have not had this phone long, but so far it is great! It runs off Verizon in my area which is perfect! It takes great pictures and runs very quickly!Great phone!
I have been very satisfied with this phone. I transferred from another straight talk andriod phone all my data from the old phone transferred automatically which was great. after using it for a week I could not be happier. I have had no problems and I must say the camera is more than I expected.Awesome phone
Very easy to use. When first using, it walks you through setup and give you hints on how to use all of the features. Pretty decent battery life. Previous smart phones only lasted a day before needing charged... this one goes 2-3 days.Awesome Smart Phone
I must say I'm very happy that I got this phone. This particular model number runs strictly on the Verizon towers which make me very happy. Phone runs on a 3G network. The phone is easy to figure out and I love how smooth the touch screen is. It doesn't scroll out of control or anything. Normally I'm not a fan of touch screens but I'm amazed with this one! I also love that you can place your phone back to back to another phone and it instantly shares videos or pics etc. Not sure of the name of it. Has to do with sharing. I most def would tell everyone to buy this particular model phone!! We LOVE it!!WOW....
This phone works like any other samsung galaxy. I just didn't get the s4 bc it's too expensive right now. The main reason I bought it was it works on the verizon towers, so it has service pretty much everywhere. It's a good phone.Verizon straight talk phone
While it took a couple of trys to get the correct CDMA phone (Sprint model# 960C vs Verizon 968C) to work in my home area, once I got the right one, I've been very satisfied with how it works. Also had to switch from a Net10 to Straight Talk phone, having to burn a $50 plan in the process. They're the same company, but won't honor each others no contract monthly plan. Ordered the original phone on-line, so refund process in-store took a bit of time, but worked. Still learning it's full capabilities and features, but it's fun!Lots of phone
I did extensive research before upgrading to this phone. Online ordering was seamless. I love the big screen and ease of use.Out-of-the-box easy!
I'm really happy with my cell phone. The price is a little high but its a goos phonegood stuff
I was a LONG time VZ customer though I've only had this phone a day or 2 so far I am lovin it.
Would NEVER accept a Sprint phone if there is a choice no one seems very happy with their service.
SORRY I didn't switch sooner. Cheaper than my VZ service with alot more for $45 a month !Thanks Straightalk for the GREAT phone !
I absolutely love it! I love the Swype feature for texting. The phone has plenty of memory to download lots of fun apps. Very big screen... made my friend's iPhone screen look pathetic. It's nice to have the latest and greatest technology while only paying $50 a month. I can't believe other people pay so much for phone service when you can have the exact same thing for so much less! I love Straight Talk. I live in the Austin area and rarely lose service. HIGLY RECOMMEND!In love with my Samsung Galaxy III!
I love my Galaxy S3awesome product
The Samsung Galaxy S3 is easy to learn ... easy to use ... loaded with features ... large, easy to see display (can't say that for the iphone) ... We love it!The Galaxy S3 is out of this world!
A very nice phone.Samsung Galaxy S III / Straight Talk
I love this phone. It is very easy to use, slim, light and has a nice large vivid screen. Takes great pictures. It is connected to the Verizon network through Straight Talk so the service is excellent. I highly recommend it.Excellent phone on Verizon network
I love the S3......so many features...it will take awhile to learn everything it will do. Works great on Verizon towers. Clear audio and full bars most of the time. Love the large screen. Internet is pretty fast on 3G or wireless.Great phone
Great picture,, good sound with an over all nice design. Great alternative for the Iphone but at a substantial savings.I like my new phone.........
I would recommend to everyoneLove this phone
I LOVE this phone. I didn't think it would be this nice and was wishing I could get the s5 but I was wrong. I would prefer it wasn't white and had longer battery life but it's a perfect smartphone for me. I needed it to be large for my bad eyesight and its perfect.thought I was settling for old technology
Have had mine for a couple weeks now and I am very pleased. Straightalk has came a long way and they actually sell phones that are reliable. It is wel worth the money I paid. I listen to my music read my email and suft tje web with ni issues at all. I love the camera. It takes good pictures and it has flash.I really can not think of anything bad to say about it.love the galaxy s3
Never realized just what features a smart phone had until I purchased the Samsung Galaxy S3. Excellent voice quality, fast internet and messaging and outstanding camera functions are just a few of the features this phone offers. I cannot understand why I waited so long to upgrade to this great Samsung product.Excellent Smart Phone
To be honest, I bought this phone just because it's in all the KDramas that I watch, so I wasn't expecting much, but now that I've got it.... I just LOVE this phone. I've had it for about a month now, and no problems at all. It works like a dream. The camera takes great photos too. 3G works great. Good reception. AWESOME!Great Phone!
My phone came in perfect time (I ordered it online). It was super easy to change my Straight Talk number to this phone and the service worked almost instantly after transferring. The phone itself is great..I dropped it a day after I got it on its screen and it was fine. The storage is amazing and all the function prompts given at the initial powering were very helpful. Love this phone and I'm so glad that StraightTalk has upgraded!!Amazing
I thought this phone would drain the battery faster but it doesn't (unless I stay on the internet all the time). I must say it does have s fast charge also. I have not yet learned all the things I can do with it yet but from what I already know I am very satisfied with my purchase. The only con I have found is when I went to send a picture to my printer, it has to be a Samsung printer. I have my HP-e-print on the phone. Hope I can find a way around this. The camera takes great pictures! I did have a problem with my ring tones changing but I reset them & it seems fine now. I would recommend this phone to anyone that is wanting to upgrade but don't need all the bells & whistles the higher priced ones have.Love it so far!
xcellent phone, bright screen, long battery lifeExcellent phone, bright screen, long battery life
I was looking for a step up from my old android and found this phone. I am very pleased with the entire thing. It has fast 3G, double sided camera, so many different functions im still learning and discovering them all. When im not home this phone replaces my tablet so I can still do my daily tasked needed. I would reconmend this to anyone wanting a touch screen phone.This is a very nice phone...
This phone works very well for me. Nice big screen is Crystal clear takes good pictures the zoom is good runs off Verizon tower which is what I was looking for as a straight talk phone. Gets very good service. It's a great upgrade from my Samsung proclaim which I used two and a half years. Samsung makes great quality phonesgood Samsung upgrade
I am very impressed with the phone. It has great service and good quality of the phone. Have not had any real issues with it and that activation process was painless.Great Purchase
I was a little intimated at first but now that I've given the phone a chance I really like it. I will have to get a heavy duty cover for it. I had a tracfone for years so you can see why it took awhile to get used to the phone. I hope I continue to like it as time goes on.samsung 111 phone
Photos are excepceptionalgreat upgrade phone
This is the best phone for the price that straight talk has to offer. I got this phone for $149 on Walmart.com which I think was a steal considering that it cost way more on Straighttalk.com. I was considering the zte quartz but the phone was so new that it didn't have any accessories available so I settle for this one because it is a very popular phone with many accessories. I do recommend purchasing an otterbox for protection which will be well worth the money. Also this phone works on Verizon towers which works well in rural area.1st Timer
Bought this Samsung Galaxy S3 about a month ago to replace another Samsung Galaxy Proclaim I had purchased through Straight Talk about two years ago. The Galaxy S3 is a "beast" in comparison. Although the Proclaim had several of the same features (ex. voice commands, AllShare, etc.), there is no comparison otherwise. The Galaxy S3 leaves it in the dust. My old phone would always "time out" before it could load a web page. This Galaxy S3 blazes right through it. So, I can't imagine how fast the new Galaxy S5's are on a 4G /LTE network. Aside from maybe the iPhone 4s, I don't think another 3G phone could attempt to compete with this. My only gripe so far has been when I tried to use AllShare via Bluetooth and link to my old phone data in my old Samsung. I tried numerous attempts and it would not work even though the phones were only 2 feet apart and both had AllShare.Straight Talk Galaxy S3 is great phone
I have been with Straight Talk for over two years. This is my very first Android phone. It was very easy to transfer my exsisting phone number and activate my new phone. Not hard at all. I really think am going to love using this phone.Great phone for your first android phone
these phones are awesome to use.great cameras;great speakers and voice to text is awesomeawesome phone
Its a great phone but there's some apps that i really dont use and it does not allow you to erase it from the phone they should have that option of deleting apps that comes with the phone......I recomendedrecomend the phone its fast and lots of options to manage the phoneGreat phone !!!!!!!!!
lots of cool apps, I love the navigator and able to use map my walk!Good phone, could have a slightly larger screen.
I like this phone, although it was expensive. It works well and I can't complain about the Straight Talk service...the Customer Service is non-existent. The people are rude and not helpful at all. Heaven help you if you have an issue because you are on your own!Straight Talk, Verizon towers
I thought the phone was a little pricey considering it is a Galaxy S3. The 4 and 5 are available through other carriers, you would think the 3, being 2 generations older, would cost a bit less. The cell service has been great. A few times I have had things that will not download because it times out. Not sure what that is about. Overall, it's a good phone. Phone reception, texting and internet connection have all been good without any issues.So far, so good
I really like this phone. It has great features, the voice to text isn't terribly accurate, but that'snot important to me.Great phone
When I got this, I got it home, ported my number over to it, got it all set up and discovered that the camera was defective. Fortunately my old phone was on straight talk also, so I transferred my number back to it. Returned the phone to Walmart and got a new one. The replacement is working fine including the camera. My old phone is an LG Optimus Showtime. It has better signal reception compared to the Samsung Galaxy S3, but that is the only thing better about the LG. Both phones connected via the Verizon towers. The Samsung does a few things different, but over all I like it.Awesome phone for a prepaid plan.
I really like my phone. I already had the Samsung Galaxy 11 so I can see the improvements. However, when transferring my SD card from the 11 to the 111, all my pics didn't transfer over.Very nice phone
I bought my S3 last November, running 4G LTE. Recently ordered one for my sister inlaw and it is only running 3G. Wish the description was more detailed. Kind of disappointed.Okay...
Good phone, took a few days to be delivered. A little confusing trying to switch my number from my old phone to this new one, but took about 30 mins to figure out. Doesn't come with SD card, but oh well. Google play has great apps, and they are good quality on this screen. Glad I bought the phone . Mostly to play games and listen to music. Amazing quality pictures. Happy to have a front facing camera as well. Kinda expensive for S3 since S5 is out already, but happy with the purchase.Good
This phone, although I like the capabilities, is way too fragile. It cracked after a couple of days, with no trauma. I'm assuming it already had a hairline fracture, because there was no dropping etc. Then the next morning I dropped it and it shattered. My last phone; Galaxy Proclaim took many more severe drops and never cracked. Just not worth it to pay so much for such a fragile phone. My daughter has this phone also and hers cracked on the first day. We're not rough with phones so this one has to be extra fragile. Operating system is fine, but not worth the money when it breaks so easily.Too Fragile for amount of $$$
The phone itself for me is rather bulky with the needed case. People complain that they hear wind in background when we talk (there may be a setting adjustment needed?). The service with straight talk is not as good as expected (but may be the phone?). Over all since I use this for mainly emergencies and local calls its workable so far.Just ok for me
First time I bought the phone there was something wrong so I had to bring it back now second time around I had a hard time getting my 3g to work but now its working great I love my phone!!difficulties and need to re-examine products
I love this phone. The call quality is amazing. The only downsize to purchasing this phone from Walmart instead of directly from Straight talk is the phone did not come with a SD Card or headset. Totally disappointed... But other than that, I absolutely love the phone and would recommend it to anyone looking for an awesome purchase.No SD Card and Headset
I bought the phone for my girl friend. I have an s3 with a different carrier and updating is trouble free. This phone out ofnthe box is several updates behind. I have found it to be troubling to try to update through strait talk. Maybe I am missing somethong, but my time is valuable and I have exhausted to much in thos effort that should be relatively effortless. I guess you get what younpay for in your plan. The cost of this relitavely outdated phone through Wal-Mart should provide the latest in updates. Strait talk should make updating trouble free for the novice user.Recomendation comes with reservations
When the phone is in the lock position it will unlock by itself and go crazy by opening Windows . Also when I go and try to type in a phone number it will start typing all by itself,random numbers and or symbols. It gets very frustrating.Disappointed
I had a cheap smart phone with verison and got reception in my home, my daughter also had the same cheap phone and had verison with reception. I upgraded us to the samsung s3 and both phones get extremely bad reception. I up graded phone but still not good. I have rarely seen it go above 2 bars where ever we go even though I almost always received 4 bars on old phone. High priced small tablet is all I can call this.Bad reception
I called myself purchasing the Samsung S3 because I loved the screen size and the fact that it has the voice command like Siri. I was told by the Walmart Associate that Straighttalk dropped the Sprint and T-Mobile Networks because they were the slowest and that my Samsung would be on the Verizon network. Well my first full day of using the phone I noticed that I never had a full strength signal only 2-3 bars at that most, my screen kept freezing and the volume was not loud at all. The second day of use I downloaded all the apps that I had on my old iphone phone only to get a message that I was about to exceed my memory. I guess I didn't realize that I was going from a 4G phone to a 3G phone. So at the end of the day I will be returning my Samsung S3 and getting another IPhone maybe I'll upgrade to the Iphone 5 at this point.Not impressed
This phone is a used phone. I had to spend 2 hours on tech support to get some ladies name off of caller ID when my name is Jon. I also un-expectantly bought it since it says the Galaxy III is compatible with Samsung smart devices but it isn't. It is an unsupported operating system that does not work with any Samsung accessories because it is an ancient operating sytem. So if your not going to use any accessories with phone its a good phone, but I don't think $279 is a good deal for a used phone.Very old operating system that isn't compatible
I was hopping to use this as a hotspot for tethering but that is a no no. Straightalk will gladly sell u a separate device for an additional monthly fee of course.No Tethering
Total waste of money for me .Straight talk could not get my old phone number to work.So I was with out servce for five days.I had to have AT@T port my number back from Straight talk After hours on the phone with straight talk tech support which is a joke. So now I have a 400 dollar phone that is worthless to me.I just would not recommend straight talk at all
Tried from different locations but could not get this phone to activate. Yes per zip code it should have worked in my area.product would not activate
EVEN THOUGH YOU "OWN" THIS PHONE STRAIGHT TALK WILL NOT UNLOCK IT UNTIL YOU HAVE BOUGHT 12 MONTHS OF SERVICE!!!!! CUSTOMER SERVICE IS HORRIBLE TOO!BUYER BEWARE!
I have had nothing but a horrible experience since buying/activating this phone 4 days ago. First off, the phone comes bloated with apps/widgets you may or may not use-but you CAN NOT uninstall them. The Google Play store on my phone either does not work or constantly pops up with a time out error. Straight Talk customer service is no help in the matter, simply saying since the app is pre-installed they cannot do anything about it. There is no way to uninstall/reinstall the app, of course, because a device either has Google Play or doesn't. With Google Play being the only way to download any apps/games, basically this device is worthless as a smartphone.

I think the phone itself would be great-ON ANY OTHER CARRIER. Now I either have to go through the hassle of trying to return/exchange this phone, hoping I don't lose my $45 service fee, and spending another hour trying to get a new phone set up with the possibility of running into the same problem yet again....or I can return to Verizon. Sometimes it's worth an extra $$ to actually have customer support when you need it.DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE
I was thrilled when I got this phone, it looks and acts just like I expected it to. Be very very careful though! I upgraded to this phone because I was planning to get an activity tracker. The activity trackers all stated that the Galaxy S3 would support the software for their device.

After purchasing a tracker I was very disgruntled to learn that while a normal Galaxy S3 has the correct operating system, the straight talk Galaxy S3 DOES NOT! This phone will not support bluetooth 3.0 which is required for just about all fitness trackers that remotely sync.

I am very disgusted that I didn't know to check this earlier and I wish someone would have told me. The operating system on this S3 is NOT the same as the operating system you will get on an S3 from another carrier. Don't believe me? check the spec's from straight talks sight to the samsung site. The specs are different.

Wish I would've know!Has an older operating system- check the specs
Samsung make an awsome phone, but the service is questionable.they claim to have 4G LTE but it never worked. I had the phone for a week then switched to sprint.i was with streight talk for 4 years.now i have a galaxy S4 and the 4G LTE works awsome.good & bad
Great serviceJust s described
This phone is everything I wanted. I am still discovering things about this phone. It takes great pictures and the web is fantastic. The calls are clear and texting is a breeze. I would recommend this phone to anyone who wants a high end android phone.Great phone overall.
Still getting used to all the bells & whisles.Love it.Once I had everything setup,I am happy.Getting use to the upgrade to new technolgy is a change. I love the idea of no contract,there are still places I don't have a signal as Verion has spotty coverage in NH.Galaxay S3
This S3 from Straight Talk is everything you need and more from a phone. It works just as good or better than my iPhone from Verizon did. The only thing I miss is the personal hotspot feature. But I can live without it to cut my phone bill in half...Good-bye Contracts!!!
This cell phone can do about any thing you need. Its like holding a small computer in your hands. The only reason I give it a 4 star is because the sound is not good when you are talking to people on a call but the sound is great when listening to music. I really like this phone.Good Cell Phone
Great phone and so easy to set up and use,Great phone.
I wanted a Straight Talk Verizon phone with a front camera and this phone is great. Samsung makes a good product. I love this phone!Great phone.
Great phoneabsolutly fantastic
Great phone and I love straight talk!!!Love it!!!
Every thing I wanted and more...Great phone...Wonderful phone
The phone works well and haven't had a problem with the straight talk service. I only rated the value and expectations as good because the 4 GB SD card that the product description said was included is not included.Great Phone... where's the SD card?
I brought this cell phone for my husband. going back to get one for myself. this cell phone is great. more features than I can use. still finding new features on it everyday. only things I want is different ring tones. love it.great cell phone.
Great phone with lots of capabilities. Only had it for a couple of weeks but had already been looking for the chance to get it through Straight Talk. It seems to be what I expected.This is the phoneI've been waiting for.
This is my first android phone. There is a lot I have to learn but so far, I am loving this phone. The graphics are clear and vivid, just beautiful...when a coworker showed me his I knew I had to have it. I ordered an otterbox because I am prone to dropping my phone and this phone is pricey.Samsung Galaxy 3
Hi, my name is joshua and I recently perchested a phone off line at walmart.com and I got it way be for it was supposed to be here and that was so great. My phone works great and I can us it any where. Like some phones u don't get good service but this one a get great service. Thank u walmart for your fast delivery and your wonderful product. I love my new phone. I will be using walmart.com more often now.straight talk phone
We have Verizon in our area so I ordered this phone from Walmart, and had it put on straight talk. It works absolutely awesome! The Verizon towers makes it so that I always have signal, and good internet. The phones camera is nice, it takes good quality pictures. The phone multi-tasks which is cool, the phone is sleek, and nice. I enjoy this phone. A LOT!This phone is fantasic!
Uses verizon, works perfectly:-)in love
This phone is Great for the beginner! I`m a grandparent and I LOVE the Hangout feature it`s just like being their! Learning new things everyday! It`s so easy to use it walks you through everythingGreat for Grandparents
Has so many great features, it's fast affordable on Verizon network, I feel like I have a mini computer on the go. I have an office in a phone with the calendar, task list, grouping phone messages. Lovin' it!Love this phone
This phone works great - a pleasant surprise considering our rural location! Downloads are reasonably fast, we've yet to have a call dropped, and the screen is crisp and clear. No complaints at all - we'd recommend it to anyone.Exactly as Advertised
This a real good phone was easy to setup and the battery lasts all day.the screen size makes it a lot easier to text and browse the web with ,it is brighter and easier to read .It is worth paying the extra money for and the verizon towers are the best.Straight Talk Samsung Galaxy S3 Prepaid Cell Phone
A++++ If you are a Us cellular person... stop it......... your number transfers........... and the service is actually better. Just take the chance.... it is worth it.DITCH USCELLULAR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Does everything I need so far. Has lots of memory and sd card slot. App's load fast no tweak lash. Web is quick and responds well. WiFi connections are good. Seems to get signal everywhere.nice phone
I like the size of the phone and the size of the screen. The only problem is the phone itself without a case is very slippery and hard to hang ontogreat phone love the big screen
To purchase the phone, its expensive right out of the pocket, but its a great phone. Crystal clear picture while Skyping, way more clear than the ipad picture I was skyping to! All in all I am thrilled with the purchase.LOVE LOVE LOVE!
So far I have had the Straight Talk Samsung Galaxy S3 for a couple weeks and it has been great! Signal strength has been excellent and the phone has lots of features!Great Phone
I upgraded to the Samsung Galaxy S3 because of recommendations when my old phone started acting up. This has so many features, but I wish Samsung would provide a very detailed manual for all the things this phone can do. I have had to go online to the manual and it did not even tell me. So I went online again asking questions. Evidently others who own this phone know more about it by trial and error, than Samsung is willing to write about. Try asking questions online if you have problems. Worked for me. Finally got the answers and now I am loving this phone. Of course I am on the Verizon towers which are prevalent in this area. This phone is costly, but has lots of features.Love this phone
Way more cool features that advertised and super easy to use. But love the camera most of all it has same specs as the I phone plus a great flash. And if you have a Samsung TV you can share your videos and pictures with the click of a button.Great features and camera
Had this phone with US Cellular and totally loved it and purchased it with Straight Talk to save me some money. This phone offers so much more then the iphone 5 I had with straight talk. I would recommend this phone to anyone.Great Phone
1st time I've been on the Verizon's network. I have no trouble at all. This phone is awesome!love it.
Samsung phone that works off Verizon network....can't go wrong with that. Fast phone that can handle multiple apps at once without issue. Love itGreat Phone, Great Service
I was torn between an I phone 5 and this phone. With the S3 being $100 cheaper, I decided to buy it. Even on day 1, I was amazed by the speed of this phone compared to my I phone 4s. I also get compliments on the phone aesthetic appeal all the time... It's surprisingly thin and has a very large screen. Been using it for about a month now and have not had a single problem. I'm in nursing school, so I always have a high data pharmacology app open in addition to my email and whatever else I happen to be using at the time (let's be honest. .. that's usually candy crush)and have not experienced a lag in speed. I'm very pleased with my purchase and would definitely recommend it.presently surprised
Only possessed less than a month; however, the smart phone seems very capable. This is my first smart phone. Be sure to manage your power by turning functions on and off when necessary while using the battery away from the charger. With all the functions turned off it is still a mobile phone with text messaging. Unless you need to use a specific function while mobile that is the best way for the maximum conservation of power.Good value smart phone
I won this phone and it does everything I want and need in a cell phone and a great price for service! I would recommend this phone to anyone! Great phone to talk, text, data and apps!

This review has been written as part of a deed for the Straight Talk Rewards Club but all opinions are my own. Please visit straighttalk.fancorps.com to learn more.BEST PHONE!!!
I have used a smart phone before I bought me one. The Samsung Galaxy S3 has everything I was looking for in a smart phone. It was very easy to set up. I am VERY pleased with the phone on Verizon network.My first smart phone
Easy to use. Tons of options. Great phone. Love love love this phone. Way better then any iPhone!awesome phone
This phone is great, very fast and reliable. The camera takes great pictures! Well worth the price! This phone on Straight talk is the way to go!A Great Reliable Phone
I ordered it and picked it up the next day. They unlimited plan was emailed and the phone was all set up in one day and working. I had a new number so it was really easy, I did not have to wait to transfer my old number. I only had trouble with the voice mail but it was all my fault for forgetting my my new password. Love the Samsung Galaxy and so far the straight talk has been superb.Great phone with excellent data plan.
I love this phonegreat product
this phone is the best for straight talkremember you get what you pay for
It's the best money I spent on a phone. I've had all sorts of phones. I love it a lot more then my I-phone. My daughter even wishes she would have got one ensted of her I-phone.samsung S 3
This is a great phone. Easy to use, fast, clear. No problems at allGreat phone
For this hard to find phone, we turned to Walmart.com to help us out!! The order was simple, it arrived in less time than it was suppose too. The quality of the product meets, & exceeds our expectations. Great phone, the teenager is happy. I will buy one for myself in the future.Wonderful
Upgrading from a Samsung Proclaim to the S3 was huge.. It has all the nice features you want in a phone. Using this on the Verizon network was a plus..Great Phone
If you are a straighttalk customer and want a good phone, this is it. I love that you dont have to compromise or downgrade phone quality anymore in order to stay with Straighttalk. This phone has been everything I had hoped it would be. Easy to use but full of cool features. It arrived quickly and was easy to set up.Great Phone
This phone does everything plus some. This phones uses the Verizon network. It took less than 5 minutes to switch from one Straight Talk phone to this one. All the contacts and pictures switched instantly. The screen is large and easy to operate. The 3G is fast enough for what I do. I would highly recommend it don't wait.This phone is Awsome
I feel like i have arrived with this phone. There is so many option and functions with this phone that I have never had before. I highly recommend it. Also get the protective screen covers and Otter box Defender case. It protects it from several things!LOVE THIS PHONE!!
it is a great phone runs off of Verizon. does everything and more than i expected it to dogreat phone
I have had an iPhone 4 for the past year and a 3GS before that. I decided to give Andriod a shot and I love it. It has a good battery, the touch screen works well. It was well worth the price =)Great Phone
Cost to much since the S4 is out and S5 is coming out next month. Straight talk needs to get it in gear before everyone leaves and goes with other companies.Great phone
Love my new Samsung Galaxy 3. Love the camera. Although it runs on Verizon 3G. it still fast and responsive. Up graded from the LG showtime, which was also a great phone. Still learning all the bells and whistles so far I am happy with my purchase.Great phone!!
This phone was well worth the money!! I was looking for a phone with an awesome camera and I love this one!! Apps run very quick and screen clarity is better than my tablet!! Very easy to learn and operate! Service is great and very easy to transfer from my old phone to this phone!!All around great phone
obviously this is a great phone, it is the Samsung Galaxy s3. This phone operates on the Verizon network, which is perfect for our location. However, You should know that Verizon does not offer access to their 4G LTE network for straighttalk customers.Awesome phone on Verizon network, but no 4G
I bought this phone as a gift for my daughter and she loves it and paired with a prepaid service she is enjoying a great phone and not spending a fortune in service.great phone
easy to use. we are still learning different things it can dobest cell phone we have ever had
Excelent for texting, big display, no disraptions, no dropped phone calls, excelent signal because of verizon tower, very fast and compare to samsung proclaim it is a big difference.excelent cell phone
Very fast and works well. This replaced my Galaxy S, so it was a nice upgradeNice phone
This phone is great. Everything works perfect and is exactly as described online.Awesome Phone
I would HIGHLY recommend this to anyone! Easy to use and operate.LOVE this phone!!
I had just bought this phone after looking at others and checking reviews on phones. Ended up going with this phone and the reviews speak for the phone itself. I love everything about this phone. Just make sure you go with the S3 that runs off the verizon network. Model 5968C. Would RECOMMEND!!!GREAT PHONE!!!!!
The phone is like a mini computer in my pocket. I had an iphone, and this beats it in every area. I would highly recommend this product.wonderful Android phone
This phone is the best phone I've ever owned. It is very fast and simple to use.fast and simple
Great phone picks up any where I am at love the size of the phoneGreat phone and camera great for the price
After years of not having a cell phone, I jumped into the S3 with ease. Those things I weren't sure about, I was able to Google search easily and have my questions answered; it's popular enough to have pretty close to any question answered. You may want to take note that you WILL have to buy a month of time with this phone; it does not come with a free month. The plans are excellent and since Straight Talk uses Verizon towers, any places I go, should have service. Even if I go back home to rural Nebraska!!My first smartphone...
takes great photos heard better than the #4 modelgreat photos
Best phone I have ever had I love it????????
very nice too smart for me,but coolvery nice seams fragile
ReLly like itNice phone
Great phoneLove it! Love it! Love it!
i had the phone shipped to my house and the delivery was fast. i liked my phone as soon as i started checking it out. i have had the phone about 2 weeks now and i think the phone works really well. the price, quality, screen, features, and coverage all made me happy i purchased this phone.nice phone, good coverage
Like every new phone the battery going to suck like always but other than that this phone been the best in every way. Have not had any problems with it, it was confusing at first on using this cell but once you get the hang of it you'll love it even more.I love Samsung galaxy s3
Screen is the right size, like apps on it.Great phone
Much better then expectedgreat
I like the large screen it is easy to seelike this phone
Great, great phone. The best ever.Great phone ever, can't say enough about it.
Charges fast. Not a power hog.Love it so far.
I bought this for my daughter. She loves it. Straight talk is the best no contracts and unlimited everything for $45.00 a month. Good service would not have anything else.
Love the phone.Great Phone Go0d Price
After months of research, reading reviews and comparisons I decided upon the Samsung Galaxy S3. It delivers everything in one package. I've been a loyal LG consumer however the transition to the S3 has been painless. The response time of the S3 is fast, the set up was easy, camera is good, tons of features and you just can't beat the $45 unlimited Straight Talk deal. Now don't get me wrong, calling ST will drive you mental unless you understand a foreign language but their network is great. I'm very happy with the S3 and can see me owning it for years to come!Fantastic!
I truly like the phone and the options on the phoneGreat phone great price
I bought this phone for my wife and she really loves it, it is very user friendly.
Great buy for the price.Great Phone
I got this phone and was literly blown away with all the apps and upgrades it has.. Im able to talk to friends, message and look on facebook all at the same time. excellent multi-tasking device.. Worth the price. Get a case if you want to make the phone last longer..AWESOME PHONE!!
When it wasn't available in the stores I was able to purchase online and have delivered right to my home. Just what I wanted!Excellent phone
I bought 2 of these phones on the Straight Talk plan last week. They are very intuitive phones and I was easily able to sync my contact list from my pc data and yahoo contact list without problems. The speed of internet access is a big plus over my previous phones and the images such as facebook pics are sharp and clear.

My only disappointment is that today I notice the price has dropped by $50 and I wish I had waited a week before buying these phones.Great phone
This phone is probably one of the best phones for straight talk. Great memory spave and a nice big screen it was exactly what I was looking for.Well worth the money
This phone is by far yet the best phone I have ever owned. I'm so glad I bought it. I don't have any complaints here. You will not be disappointed :-)Beautiful
I'm still learning what it can do, but love it so far! The screen is so big compared to my last phone. I can actually read what's on it! Be sure and read all the manuals, including the Straight Talk manual. Lots of good tips and info.Love this phone
Good price for a prepaid s3cool phone
I am very pleased with this phone. I'm still learning about the great features. I love that the voice Google search speaks to you!I love it!
I love this phone and I love how Wal-Mart is fast than other.I think I'll get all of my shopping to walmart thank youwas awesome
I love this phone!! I highly recommend this phone to anyone! I waited a long time to buy it when it went on sale I grabbed it. NO regrets!Awesome phone!
I have only had this phone for a few weeks and I absolutely love it. Its so much faster than my old phone and I love the voice command. No problems so far.:)love love love my new samsung galaxy!!!!
Who cares about S4 or 5. This is good for me. I am hsving fun. Buy this phone with Straight Talk.love it
Does not include an SD card. Phone works great. Flawlessly. Short battery life. Low battery capacity.nice phone. cheaper online than in store
I have had my phone about a week and love it so far. Have alot to learn how to use everything.So far so good
Extremely easy to use. We bought three and believe this to be best phone ever.Best Phone
My daughter is very happy with the phone. She no longer has problems sending and receiving texts. She takes lots of pictures. I am glad I purchased the phone.everything my daughter wanted and more.
I have nothing negative to say about this phone. It offers great picture quality (HD), downloads music and apps quickly and can surf the net super fast!! Overall, I am very please and happy with this phone. Definitely worth the price!GREAT PHONE!
Cell-phone greatExcellent phone
What I really like about this phone is that it's got nearly all the features of the hottest phones on the market, while still maintaining a good price point. We've been using Straight Talk for the last two and a half years, and this is our first fully-features Android phone that we've owned and used on Straight Talk - the service is still the same great service we've been used to. If you're looking to either switch to Straight Talk or you want a great Android phone at a great price, I highly recommend this model.A Features & Price Match Made in Paradise
I have nothing bad to say at all about this phone, I LOVE IT! I purchased 2 of them for me and a friend.
GPS is Excellent, Talk and Type feature is great too! Nice big screen easy to read even in the Sun.

I have been with Straight Talk for a couple of years, can't beat the price. Great Deal.

I would recommend this cell phone to everyone! 5 StarsSamsung Galaxy s3 Perfect Phone with Straight Talk
This is a very nice phone I thought the sim card would come with it at the price it was. It was not with so I ordered one on the 16th along with an otterbox case for it. I got the case 2 days ago the sim card hasn't arrived yet!!
I am not a very happy camper!! As far as the phone itself I think it will be great when I can use it!!Will be great phone!!!samsung galaxy3s
I really love this phone. So far battery life is great. It's bigger than any off my previous phones. Its not a good pocket phone, but I still love it. Easier to text and get it right on this phone.love this phone.
This is my first smart phone so really every other phone that i have owned, cannot compare to this. For me going from an unsophisticated phone to a fancy nancy phone is a day and night difference. It takes some time to get used to the applications and functions that come with the GS3 but once you overcome that initial learning curve you'll start to wonder how you ever lived without a phone like this! I would recommend the GS3, and I also couldn't pass up the price. It may not be the newest on the block but its a great phone non-the-less.No complaints
its great, its beautiful, its spectalar,wonderful
it works great its as perfect as a phone can be thanks glendawonderful
This phone is about perfect for my needs and had a short learning curve.

I really like all the pop-up tutorials.

All cell phones have 2 big problems: 1 - battery charge doesn't last long enough and 2 - screens are hard if not impossible to view in the sunlight.great phone - fairly easy set up from my previous
Love this phone so far! It has been 3 days now and I still didn't have to charge it :-)
It is very fast. And I am glad I signed up with Straight Talk! I was skeptical at first, but connection is great. Great buy!Great phone!
I had a low model Samsung straight talk phone that had a lot of problems. So I finally decided to invest in a good phone. I love the size of the phone. I also like how I can put in a memory card for more storage. I am completely satisfied with my purchase. This phone works great.I love this phone
This phone is enough for me. After I received the phone and had everything activated, I was going over older cell phone bills and boy did I feel cheated. Straight talk is the best way to go, especially if it is for personal use. It offers everything I had and more, a lot more.All that I need.
Love love love it. Wouldn't choose a different one. I definitely recommend it to buyers. Infact am ordering another one for a friendgreat
The code on the box didn't match the phone code which made it hard to set up. The girl working in the cell phone dept figured it out tho. She was very helpful.code didn't match
I've always been one of those "the basics are fine for me" kinds. However, it was my birthday and I was wanting to step it up a notch. There was a sale so I picked up this phone. It has so many bells and whistles. It works great. It's fast. The volume levels are fabulous. You can even set them for "in pocket" so if it's in your pocket or purse it rings later. You have to Google all the features there are so many!!Awesome Phone that works great on Straight Talk
I am upgrading from a Straight Talk Samsung Galaxy Proclaim.I LOVE IT!!!!!! I'm on a budget and I couldn't see paying more for the Galaxy S4. My husband has the S4 and I have to say other than color and camera i couldn't tell much of a difference,especially not $200 worth.I am more than pleased! I was going to buy it a few weeks back its a good thing I waited because the price dropped :)Great phone for a great price!
I should have bought this phone as soon as it dropped to $279 on walmarts site. its so much better than the zte majesty and all the other phones ive ever had on straight talk. the white s3 uses verizon towers too so thats a major plus. you gotta get the white one though. call quality is awesome! I bought the black otter box defender series phone case with it. great case too.best straight talk phone on verizon towers
This phone is great, it does everything plus! This is the first for me with Straight Talk and so far I just love it, love that it is month to month and no contract, we have been doing a little bit of traveling and so far it works well where ever we go!LOVE IT!!
I bought one for me one for my husband and then went and bought one for my mom. This phone exceeded my expectations it does so many things. I highly recommend this phone to anyonelove this phone so much
The Galaxy S3 meets all expectations & priced right!Awesome phone!
Overall good purchaseNice phone
I love the camera, and the phone seems to have all the bells and whistles I was looking for. With that being said I am still learning the ins and outs. Most impressed with voice recognition for messages. It types exactly what I dictate. Awesome.So far so good
We have had this phone for 4 months. I bought the hubby & I one. U really need 2 get the otter box. I love the screen size. The many effects the camera has. It is faster that my last straight talk phone. My daughter now wants 1. She keeps taking our phones 2 take pics. LOL :) The MMS video is grainy but all in all we love our phone & recommend it 2 you :)Great phone
I love this phone its a dream come true.Very accurate fun to play games.Waited a Lifetime
I am very happy with my new cell phone. It has everything I was looking for and some.The only problem I've had is I can't seem to keep my teenager off of it.Happy camper :-)!
It has so many features it is going to take me some time to learn them all. So fast. My husband and I compared the speed of getting into an app with his. No contest. Mine won hands down. I would recommend Samsung to anyone. This is my 4 th Samsung phone, each time I'm happier than with the last. They just keep improving. ..I love my new phone. still learning all it does.
good phone enjoy it has great camerasamsung galaxy s3
My S3 flew out of my pocket(when I was cleaning my skimmer) into my 6ft. in ground pool and was probably swimming for 3 minutes before I got it out of there. That was 3 months ago and the phone works perfect, of course I took the proper measures to dry the phone out immediately.

iThis phone is TUFF.Awesome
I have straight talk with Verizon towers and this phone gets good reception. It has all the bells and whistles like talk to text and lots of apps. I also like the voice alert that I am receiving a text or phone call. I can surf the web fast. It took about 5 minutes to change from my old straight talk phone to this one. I bought my husband one too.Great Phone!
This is my very first smart phone, so I am not very smart when it comes to these phones. I found it was relatively easy to maneuver around in it and get it set up. I made a few Mistakes like calling my son in law at 2 o'clock in the morning and I could not figure out how to hang up the dam phone! but all in all I think it is a great phone and I do really like it and would recommend it.Love the phone
I just love my new phone. I upgraded from the Proclaim. The Proclaim lasted for 4 years, I think that $159.00 bucks was worth it, in the end though it started going crazy, I wasn't receiving my calls nor my texts, couldn't get on the internet half the time and when I did, it moved like a snail if at all. It was time for an upgrade. Had the Galaxy S3 a little over 2 weeks now and it seems to be working just fine, I love having a bigger screen better for the eyes. If problems occur I will post again.GREAT PHONE
The s3 has to be one of galaxys best versions. There are not very noticable differences between this and the s4 other than size and I will add that many of my friends have the s4 so I have had the pleasure of actually using one often and I do like it but it don't do things any better than my s3. I will also add that I have dropped my phone without a case about 4 times and always straight to asphault (butterfingers I guess) and have never busted the screen but cannot say the same for my friends s4 as some of theirs busted on first drop with a case. Not knocking s4 just saying I wouldn't trade my s3 for one. And any galaxy s is better than any iphone for durability, ease of navigation, design, and just overall use. Pretty much all levels!!Awesome Phone
How can't you be happy and elated when the phone your son wants for Christmas is One Hundred dollars less on line than in the store. At that price it is a MERRY CHRISTMAS FOR ALLBETTER PRICE ON LINE THAN IN THE STORE
I use Straight Talk for my cell service, and this was the best option for me based on what towers were used for my location. My first smartphone was a disappointment, but this one, I LOVE! Very quick downloads and lots of internal memory. I recommend it to anyone that uses Verison's towers.Great phone!
Daughter likes it better then her iphoneBye bye iPhone
Great phone, very fast clear and precise, easy to read and useGreat Phone
I have had the Samsung Galaxy S3 for over a year now. It is a great phone for me. I got rid of my landline as it was more expensive than the Samsung a month. I love it because it goes everywhere I go, so I can stay connected anywhere. The 3G availability is more than I need a month but great to have when Wi fi isn't available. The camera takes great pictures, have had many comments on how clear the pictures are. The SD card is great for all the pictures I want to keep. As for messaging, I had a problem after I had the phone for a while. Discovered that I needed to go into Settings, Data Usage and make sure Mobile Data was checked. At least that worked for me. Side note: I had a cell through Verizon and the monthly bills were very high, and kept getting higher. That's when I got my first straight talk phone a few years back, Verizon is the carrier for Straight Talk!Best Phone for me
This is my first "smartphone" and I hope to never go back to just a "regular" cell phone again. I use this phone for everything imaginable. Love that I can have helpful apps and that the phone does so much more than make and receive calls and texts! It's like a tiny powerful computer in the palm of my hand. I got the white one and it looks so sophisticated too! I'm a happy customer. I also love the fact that it's a Straight Talk plan with no contract and is unlimited talk, text, and data for a reasonable monthly cost.So much more than a cell phone!
I love my new phone, still learning it but no problems at all, and the service is great!!Samsung 3 straight talk
This phone is so much better than I thought it would be. I love the size and i love what it can do. I am so glad I ordered it. It is well worth the money.I love this phone!
Whoever is on the display of the phone it will dial just by putting it up to your ear. Also does that bump phones, transfer info thing. Tap twice on the top and it will bring you back to the top of the page... Its really cool, have fun.......by the way I confess I'm old.This phone is so cool!!
I don't know why I waited so long to get this phone. I love it.I love this phone
I have always bought inexpensive phones. We are having a baby and I decided to upgrade to a phone with more features and a better camera. This phone is worth every penny. I also purchased an OtterBox on Amazon to protect the phone and a plan from Walmart to replace the phone in case of any type of damage. I typically keep phones for 2-4 years, so this was worth it for me. This phone takes nice pictures and has memory for applications such as Pandora, Amazon, etc. I have been using this phone now for 2 months and have no complaints.Very pleased with this phone
My wife and I both have the S3 Straight Talk phone. They are both about 11/2 years old and are still functioning without any problems that are not common to all smart phones. Running wifi and bluetooth means you will be charging just about every day but that is typical for smart phones with even moderate use. Even though there are less expensive options for Straight Talk it is better to pay more upfront and get at least a couple years use before buying again. The less expensive options make work ok, at least for a while, but you very soon run up against the "lack of memory" wall and wish you had not tried to save money by getting the cheaper phone. The S3 has 16GB of memory which is 2-4 times as much as the cheaper smart phones. Trust me, I have made this mistake myself and wasted dollars by trying to save dollars. While the S3 is an older Galaxy model, you don't gain a whole lot with the S4 as our son and daughter-in-law have the S4 with a contract provider and say they are pretty much the same. I'm not sure about the S5 and 6, but the S3 will IMHO do everything most of need it to do for less money. The price on the S3 has dropped considerably since we bought and considering price as opposed to the newer models, is now an even better Straight Talk buy. I understand there are two versions, one using Sprint and one Verizon towers. Ours is the black one that uses Verizon towers. We would advise you to save a little money by spending a little more and getting the S3 rather than the less expensive models with far less memory.Best choice for Straight Talk
This phone works on the Verizon system, but it runs at 3G even though it is 4G capable. My previous S3 (which failed after 1.5 years and repeated drops without a case - buy a case and use it) had an AT&T SIM card and operated at 4G. There is a very noticeable speed difference between 4G and 3G. Not sure what the reason is for it running at 3G because the local Verizon tower offers 4G service.Good phone
Easy to use, like the larger screen size.Great phone
Wanted a White Samsung Galaxy S3 on a service I could afford and found exactly what I wanted...I love all the phone capabilities and the service isn't to chabby either. Mine runs on verizon and its picks up service quite well if I do say so myself...Definately glad I switched from metro pcsExactly what I wanted :)
works well, but i little pricy for an older modela little pricy
Large display. Responsive. Thought this was a 4g phone. Only runs at 3g speeds where I live. I gave up my Galaxy 2 which was 4g. Only disappointing thing about it.Nice phone
Like the phone. Good features. Like the google system and available apps. Operates wonderfully on wifi. However if you had to rely on the g3 connection, it would be very frustrating. I can get my email but have not seen my Facebook page load yet. The g3 connection is bad.
If wanting to load photos over internet, I would get the g4 service - in my area anyhow.Great phone, great on wifi, not reliable g3
Phone is good. Service folks (Jonathan and another fellow) were great to help me set but with the straight talk services!received product before estimated time :)
I highly recommend this phonehappy
My first "modern" cell phone. I love the camera. The rest is a work in progress with
help from the younger generation. I'm catching on though and starting to act like my grandson with my nose to the screen playing with my phone.(-:Good phone for a beginner.
Large screen, fully customizable, and very user-friendly. What more could you ask for?Great phone! Just as good as S4/S5.
I am happy with the phone.Good cell phone.
i would recomend this to anyone wanting a good phone.great phone to skype on
I am happy so far. I am still learning about it.so far so good
Best phone you can get for the moneygreat phone
Had a galaxie got a bigger one so nice really decent price lots of neat features and helpful tutorials and optionsNice and big
Great priceGreat phone
Good phone for the price!good phone
need better pricingogreat phone
This phone does everything I want it to...and the only thing that makes it better is its only 45 a month...awesome!Awesome phone!
This is a older phone but still has great features. Good value for a high quality product. Got one for my wife as well.Love screen resolution.
I have had my phone for 1 month now. works great, great pictures, easy to useNice phone
I am happy with the phone as it works much like my old Samsung. Better battery power. My only complaint is that I have to manually transfer all my contacts.sleek and larger
The 4 stars are for the phone itself, I would give 0 STARS FOR STRAIGHT TALK. Beware that when you buy this phone even though it says it will give you service in your area it may not. I had good service with them and then I finally spent the money to get a nicer phone and the service became awful. I know that I had read other reviews like this as well but I didn't listen. It said that I would have service with them in my area. After about 3 weeks I had no service in areas that were never a problem. I had no problem with internet but expecting to be able to make a call, send a text or receive a text was too much to ask.

I have my own business and I cannot have an unreliable phone. When I called customer service they said that I could exchange my phone for a different one under my warranty but she told me that the phone is fine and that the new refurbished one I received would likely be worse.
Now that I have to switch over to a more expensive company I wanted to have my phone unlocked so I could take it with me. Please make sure you read their unlocking policy!! You must have service with them with that phone for 1 year before they will unlock it. Even though you pay full price for the phone and are not in a contract with them. I guess I thought when I bought this phone that it would be fine since my previous phone worked well with them and it said that this one would also.
I am a very dissatisfied customer.Phone is good Straight talk is not.
I really like the phone the only thing that is bad about this the phone is the batteryGood phone for the money
It works great. The storage on it is really good, but it is easy to break if you drop it.average
I'm very disappointed that this phone doesn't pick up a strong signal right in the middle of the city. From what I've read in other's reviews, this phone should be using Verizon's tower. My friend have an excellent signal on his Verizon phone, and I have no service on mine in our favorite fishing spot.Phone doesn't have strong signal.
This phone is good, but like most a case and good screen protector is needed. Also found that the insurance is higher if you buy it online when you buy the phone so buy it separately after you but the phone. Also I found that if you buy two phones it will only let you buy insurance on one at the time of purchase anyways.great phone, but get case and screen protector
I purchased this phone thinking it was a top of the line device... not the case. It is extremely slow with the internet. And the call quality is horrible. The only positive is that it looks like a great phone cause of the sleek design, but its not worth it. There is a 5' phone on straight talk that you guys can guy that is way better than this samsungTerrible
Phone is as expected..... wish it was 4g tho. I was hoping straight talk service would be better than cricket because they use verizon towers....... not much better.Love the PHONE....
The phone was good, BUT, did me no good if towers are not in my hometown. Received no service once home. Had to spend 75 more dollars, to trade phone in to get service where needed.Coverage - BAD
Battery will not keep charger. will go died in 3 hours.Battery wont stay up but couple of hours.
Went swimming with my Samsung S3. Was so happy to see my local Walmart had the phone. But when I tried to use it, they had it locked down to TRACONE and I could not use it with T-Mobile. Ended up returning the phone and going 35 miles away to get one that worked with T-Mobile. Walmart should tell customers the phone can only be used with a single provider.Great phone, but locked to only one provider. :(
Despite enabling every batter saving and disabling power sapping apps, I need to recharge the phone daily. This is with minimal phone use (one or two short calls lasting but a few minutes) and a couple of hours of internet use. After reading blogs about this phone, I found this is common.
It's also a slippery little phone. Care must be taken not to let drop as also there are may blogs how fragile and easy it is to break the screen if it is dropped.
It is also only 3G!
As a plus the phone is fairly easy to learn how to use. It also powers up fairly fast.
For the money and features, it's the best thing Straight Talk has to offer for the moment.Poor battery life
I had a lg and heard the galaxy 111 was a great

phone but now I wonder.. I have spent several hrs trying to set it up. It's impossible I can't even get internet. I spent 5+ hrs transferring my contacts only to have to reset phone 2times to try to get apps to work. I plan taking itto Walmart to hopefully get help setting it up! It no help and things are not better and able to use I will return it.i think it needs to have a better setup that details how to load things. That being said I also feel I cannot recommend this phone at this time also I didn't see this phone!!!!!!!!!!Unhappy consumer
I saved for months to be able to buy this phone and get up to date on technology. I had an old smartphone from a friend and it was running on STalk Sprint. The reception on the device from Sprint was horrible ! I called STalk and they recommended this phone since the model number runs on Verizon which I love. Well still no signal anywhere I go ! STalk says they cant help me it is what it is. Verizon is huge in CHicago and there is no excuse for this.STalk needs better tech support.
I love my new Samsung Galaxy SIII.Great phone
I love this phone.awsome
This is a great phone. I went from owning an iphone 4S to this Galaxy S3, which I really like....I've had the galaxy for 1 week now/ one of my contacts that owns an iphone 4S, is unable to send me text messages!! It'll say its not deliverable, even after turning off imessage! Another of my contacts own the iphone 5/at first she couldn't send me text messages, but now she can....So, what's up? Why can one iphone send messages/the other one cannot??? Very Disturbing!!!!!Great phone.
I got this phone with the gift card and case. Which actually came sooner than what it said it was going to!! This phone is very light and thin. The screen is very big which is a plus. It's very fast and doesn't lag like my old phone. Over all I like pretty much everything about this phone. It's probably the best phone I haveever hadI love this phone so much!
i relay like my phonebest cellphone
great phone works great had phone for a few months .great phone
I love this phone.
The pictures are great.Excellent value for phone.
The internet constantly goes in and out with this particular phone....but overall awesomegreat phone but.....
It works very goodgood
Has many bells and whistles for the straight talk plan.Good phone for plan
This phone is exactly what I expected and I love it to pieces, the only thing is that is that it said that it would work in my zip code, and it doesn't. And I every once in a while throughout the day have to restart it because it wont update info on my phone. Other than that I completely love this phone! Those two points are the only things i've found wrong with it so far.What I expected
Looses internet often. Have to connect to wi-fi often.Many great features
I love it. It works great. I should have purchased it a long time ago.A very awesome product
With just basics on the battery charge is ok at best. Find I have to recharge at least twice a day and that is just using the phone no data.Battery does not last long even when not in uses.
Nice phone. Doesn't get good signal!!!!!!nice phone
Love the phone but am kinda upset that it does not hold 3G all the time but fluctuates back and forth between 1G and 3GLOVE the phone
This phone won't receive picture texts.No good
I have been through 2 phones now and waiting for the 3rd from straight talk. I purchased before x-mas for my daughter and still waiting for santa to bring her one that works.still waiting
Week #2 with my new phone still learning my way around it. Totally happy with my choicevery nice phone
The samsung Galaxy s3 is a good phone.... the only thing is that I'm having trouble with the volume the ringtone n for my text ringer it's not very loud . The ringtones this cell has r just very very low in volume n almost all the tones r like jungle,safari tones there just weird ... Maybe it's me that I'm still learning how to use it n maybe I just haven't figure it out yet ... But other than that ... I still won't return it .. I'll just keep playing with it n figure it out ... I'll just download a ringtone ... But over all I like my phone I recommend it ......Good phone
I had an s2 that suddenly died same time as my husband'sphone, so we were in a pinch having to buy two phones. went with s3 instead of s5 because of cost. Hate almost everything except text. when I got s2 it was my second smart phone. It was easy to use without directions, awesome camera (better than my daughter's iphone). this s3 has clumsey features horrible camera dispite more megapixels. Unfortunately I waited too long and can't return it. I am going to bite the bullet and get s5 asap.ktgwalmartdon't like it at all
I can not get any reception on my phone at work! I cant receive messages either!navication is really good
The phone is good enough though two models behind. You WILL NOT GET 4G service with any straight talk smart phone..they don't offer it but they don't tell people that. I returned the phone but got stuck with the $45 phone card that I bought to go with it since I had already activated it when I made the return.Samsung Galaxy s3 for use on Straight Talk
Haven't activated the service yet because I'm out of the country, but the phone itself seems to work, and I like its capabilitiesSo far, so good.
Nothing really to add, just keep up the great work. :)Great Value
Christmas gift for wife...she loved it. Had it set up in short order and she's on a roll.She can hear me now
My best friend has this phone and that is why I wanted one, now we match and I couldn't be happier! Great buy!Best Phone Ever.
This came in the mail to my front door two days after my midnight order. Amazed at how quickly it arrived. I've had the S1 and S2, and was just due for my upgrade. I love Samsung, and always, happy with my new Galaxy. Thanks Wal-Mart :)Just what I wanted! And super fast shipping!
Nice display. Great featuresClear and easy
Better than my last phone.Great Phone
Bought mine for $350. A bit expensive for an older model of phone. And it's only 3G. Unfortunately, in my area, the service isn't great which means trying to use the internet while running errands around town rarely works.

Other than that, great phone!Great phone
I have been very happy except went out of town and could not get on facebook would not load. While my sister on Verizon had internet. This is supposed to b on that network. Why??????goodvdo far
good phone. still learning about it.good phone
Love it!enjoy my new phone
I'm upgrading from the S2, and found the S3 to be way more productive, probably in more ways than I'll ever need.M9ore than exceeded my expectations!
I think the cost is to much because the phone has upgraded 2 more generationsThe phone is just ok
I have been saving up for a smartphone for a long time and I finally got this and I love it. I can use all my apps, have two windows open, it has a bright flash, it doesnt glitch up very much since I got it two months ago, the keyboard can be swype or speech to text, the led lights work, and when youre on speaker on a call it comes out the back speaker. I did not use it until I got an otterbox because I was afraid to drop it but I dropped it in the case and it seems fine. I love this phone it is so great for my busy college life!. The galaxy assistant referrs me to the Internet a lot but it does help in other ways such as reminders. This is everything I could ask for in a smartphone. If you're looking for a basic straighttalk smartphone that actually works well with big screen this is your best choice :) in love all the cool features and especially the function!Love it!!
I'm loving this phone, I think the size and shape are perfect. The only thing I'm not crazy about is you can't delete individual texts and the battery drains pretty fast if you're on Facebook, texting, etc.Lots of bells and whistles
I have only had this phone for a week.
I would recommend this phone. The only
Thing that I don't care for, is the battery
Runs out fast. Sitting idle at work drained
A full batter to 50%. 10hour day.Samson Galaxy 3
bought for hubby he loves it does everything he needs good price for what u getgood phone
I love it and it works great in the country.works great
I wish someone would have told me that the reception in cement building was poor, either that or it's not what I thought I was getting cause I have a very hard time understanding people who I talk to on my phone in my aparment they also have trouble understanding me.what I think
Greatgreat
I am returning the phone back to Walmart. Straighttalk told me to buy it. Then after the purchase and before the activation process, they told me it will not work in our area. Good thing it was not activated or we would have a total of $800 worth of phones/bricks that will not work in our area. I just said forget it and went with the same phone through Virgin Mobile.Issues
The phone is ok, it is thinner than I am used to and with the s 4 - 5 out, I think I should have waited until the holidays to purchase, there will be more sells. First purchase with this type of phone, never had a phone that the glass could break so easily, which I did break already! I will be sure to buy a case at the same time with the next one.straight talk samgung s3
The phone is great, price was good but two days later walmart was offering the same phone with a $50 gift card. I was bummed I didnt wait a couple of days. I hate missingout on a better deal so soon.Samsung 3
CAN ONLY GET 2 BARS OF RECEPTION ON IT.BAD RECEPTION
This phone runs on vrizon towers witch is the phone for my zip code the problem is it goes on roaming a lot here at home. Straight talk dose not cover roaming charges, so when on roaming the phone does not work. So unless you are in a strong Verizon area its kinda bad.roaming all the time
I wanted the phone but it would not work in Muskogee Ok. I wanted to go with Straight Talk but it would not work in this area. NO TOWERS!!!! Straight Talk needs to work on the problem .NO TOWERS
Just a little tip here, instead of buying this straight talk branded phone where you'll only get 3g speeds, get an ATT compatible unlocked galaxy s3 (model number SGH-1747), then get the new straight talk micro sim card and you'll be getting 4g LTE speeds.Read this if you want 4g LTE speeds
I really like my phone . It's just that now I have started getting all my text messages twice instead of once. Do I need to take back or try something with my phonetwin Text
Works better than expected. Getting one for my wife.Excellent phone
I got this phone for my husband and he seems to really like it. He uses it often.great phone
Sumsung galaxy 3 has been very good investment I totally would recommend this phone to family and friends!!s3
The day after I ordered this I got an e mail for the same phone at over $100.00 less. I returned it to Walmart. Both ads were from Walmart, different service providers . You really need to shop around. As usual, Walmart gladly gave me a refund. That's why I shop at Walmart.Returned
I love this phone. It is great and meets all my needs. The only problem I have is that the battery life is not that great. I decided to get the same phone for my husband.
The reason I am rating it overall so bad is because the phone is not here. I ordered this phone and phone cases, and they both left from Texas to WA state the same day. The phone cases were sent UPS and arrived a week ago. The phone itself was sent FedEx, which got to WA last week, decided to transfer to USPS and I have still not received it. With spending that much money on a phone, I would think it would get here a little sooner than a 15 dollar phone case...Great starter phone
I originally had an iPhone 4S, but I had heard great things about the Galaxy. I purchased one and was disappointed to find that the picture quality is horrible. I cannot take a picture that is clear. It's always blurry. This is aggravating because I previously used my phone for a camera and now I will need to remember to carry a camera with me to capture special moments.Not what I expected
We were told the store associates at Walmart would help us at one store, but another told us we had to go home and do it, then when tried a third phone they set it up wrong so we couldn't import the same number. All stores need to have the same policies and training.

Otherwise we like the phones themselves.Everyone needs to know how to talk straight.
It has so much proprietary software on it I have to uninstall an app any time I want to take a picture. Heaven forbid I might want to share anything with anyone. I would rate it as the worst phone I have ever owned.The worst phone ever!!!
Good phonecool but slow
For all the hype, this thing is a piece of junk. I cannot even get the stupid thing activated. I spent an hour on my daughter's phone, had to keep yelling at the guy to speak louder, and all he kept saying is they are working on it. And to call back in 24 hrs. Give me my junky little phone back. Oh, wait, since it is now off with my minutes transferred to a phone which won't activate, I'm stuck. Thanks, straight talk.cannot even use it!
nice.I always like Samsungand Walmart online shopping
Samsung GSIII BOOOO!
Absolute biggest problem, came out of the box (brand new) in "INCOGNITO MODE", I have triied everything to get it out. If you're not interested in going incognito do not spend $300., bucks you will never see again. If not sure what it means, google it. It came with the phone. If you find a site you really like write down what you liked because this fone won't remember ever having been there. Everytime you go there they won't recognize you. If you think I'm exaggerating, buy the fone. I will not refer someone I like to this phone. It works great with some interesting features, so do $100., phones. Really disappointed and it sends messages without your knowledge. You think its dormant leiing on the table next to you? "NOT".
Purchace at your own "GREAT RISK"
I WON'T BUT ANOTHER ONE!
P.S.
Because of incognito, it srems to take two to three times longer to do things on the phone, than it does with anyother phone I have ever used.disappointed-VERY
Can't be anymore happier about this phone. It works great! The only downside of this phone is that because of all the apps..using them a lot causes the battery to die fast. Other than that..I love everything about this phone. I'm glad that I purchased this phone!!Love it!!!!
I am happy with this phone. It is very handy and works well. The service is also very good.I like it.
the phone was fine but the day after I received it the screen cracked and it is nothing that I can do with it now.Cracked Galaxy S3
Verizon doesn't allow 4G service with the phone....pointless.No 4G...slow!
there is no unlock systems here , if u choose this phone u have to pay life long to straight alone, walmart, if u noting this, please change the mobile to GSM and make it for 2 years then it will be beneficiarythis is applicable only to US
I had the Galaxy Sii for a year & a half & really had bad luck with it. Did not like it at all. So therefore I was hesitant to get the Siii. Now I have had the GSiii for a couple of weeks & I am estatic!!!! I love it.....it is so simple to sinc everything & get it organized. I would def recommend this to anyone!!Happy as a kid in a candy store!!
I found this on sale for $200 online. It looks and works greats3
Bought this phone for hubby, after having one myself. Best phone we've ever owned.Great phone!
This is a perfect size phone. Not to big, not to small. This was a replacement phone for my wife. If I could get it from her I would keep it myself.Awesome phone!!!
Got this one on sale 179.00. Birthday present for my son. He is very happy!Nice phone
Great phone a lot of apps n storageGood advice
I CAN NOT PORT MY # WITH THIS PHONE SO NOW I HAVE TO GO AND GET SOMETHING DIFFERENTYUK
This phone would be a great buy if it wasnt deffectiveGood phone but it was defective
Very happy,, easy transfer of service.Galaxy III
This phone is not what they say we really don't like it!would not tell anyone about it
HAVENT USED YET PURCHASED AS A CHRISTMAS GIFT MY OLDEST DAUGHTER HAS ONE WORKS GOODNICE
I just wasted alot of money on this Galaxy S3 Straight Talk Phone ! First of all this phone works off of Sprint / AT&T towers witch are horrible , Unless you live in a BIG City and never leave it. LOL ! ( NO Servise at ALL ) even though the store and website said this phone would have coverage in my area. It Did Not ! I also purchased the 2YR replacement plan witch will not cover a lost phone. I would not recomend buying this phone to anyone .Waste of MONEY !!!!!!
worry free no contract smartphonemy first smartphone
i had a few other smart phones before i got the galaxy 3 im glad i spent the money on it i caint find nothing wrong with it yet.. it uses verizon towers has 3 way calling great apps....well worth the 400
I give it good on meeting expectations because I have not learned all the tricks and secrets yet.rating
Meets/exceeds all expectations, and very fast. Straight Talk did inactivate my service a few days after activation (still don't know why), but got that cleared up.Great Android Phone!
I've had nothing but a positive experience with this phone thus far. It's easy to use, has tons of neat features, an awesome camera & fast as far as browsing.I love this phone!
Great phone!!!!!!!!!!!!Straight Talk Samsung Galaxy S3 Prepaid Phone
I love my new galaxy 3 phone. it is more than I ever though it would be. it is very fast and has a lot of apps, you won't reget buying this.great phone
This is a great phone. I would recommend it to anyone wanting an Android. I tried the iphone and ZTE Majesty but couldn't wait to get my Samsung III. It'w wonderful.Awesome Phone
This item is worth buying during blackfriday. The price which is $299 is worth buying!!!good product
Everything I've wantedgreat
First Straight Talk Phone That I would consider GREAT! Actually have had straight talk almost a year and its the first time that service is acceptable let alone good!Love It
Took the opportunity to catch a good price during a sale. Great value!Great phone
Love this phone so farNice phone
Best smartphone ever. Very easy to read. Great pictures from the camera. Lightweight. Fast processer speed.Great Smartphone!
love it easy to usevery happy with purchace
I didn't think this phone Woud be much better than the galaxy s2 but I definitely love it and I like to Google now and the way they have this setup I definitely like better. the keyboard is better than the s2 also. Mine runs off Verizon so the service is really goodlove this phone
The S3 has a clear and large screen. The camera takes wonderfully clear beautiful pictures. I really love the ability to speak text and emails. This. Samsung S 3 smartphone is everything I wanted and more.excellent smartphone especially the display
I really love this phone.Really nice cell phone.
Got this in a cyber monday sale for 300 dollars. Great value. Unlimited everything for $45 a month! s3 does so many things... I am learning french with the duolingo app! Amazing product and amazing deal at Wal-MartLove the S3 with straight talk
I live in Georgia , with this phone I got the best service and the best phoneBest coverage
Fast shipping , great productgreat phone !! Love it
I love my Samsung Galaxy S3! I'm still learning how to work it. Everything processes fast when I pull it up. I don't have any complaints.Nice phone to upgrade too.
Easy to use. Set up was a snap. I am a fan of this phone.Great phone
I have used Straight Talk for years. Got this one for my daughter for Christmas now she can search the web, talk text, unlimited with no internet caps! fantastic value and now that they are upgrading their phones I will always use Straight Talk!Great phones and no contract!
their is so much to this phone until its unreal,i'm so enjoying it.i love that its on Verizon towers and the 3g it pretty fast too.bottom line is that with the big screen and everything else,makes it a awesome phone..awesome
I love my phone, great price, easy to set up.Love it
No problems with this phone at all! Loving it, easy to set up, easy to operate.Easy to operate!
Received this couple weeks ago. No regrets! Have had straight talk for 3yrs. With no problems.Great upgrade from proclaim.
I am very happy with my new Samsung Galaxy S3...and my experience with Wal Mart on-line and in my local store were very customer friendlyFantastic
My son loves this phone. It has great pictures and features. Best of all I was able to order this online which saved me over a hundred dollars. The pictures are amazing. It seems to be a great phone.Great phone for straight talk
Best phone I ever got. Get it you will be happy. The price is reasonable and the quality is excellent.Real smart phone
Great phone but shipping takes a long time to getGreat phonen but super slow shipping
Would recommend to anyone whose looking for a great phone and great value cell phone plan.Great Phone
I love the relative ease of use and the large screen. In this case bigger IS better.Best I ever had.
I'm a big fan of apple products, but I am loving this Samsung. Truly a step up from the last Samsung I had.Smart - even for a smart phone
This phone has lots of cool features and free apps...my kids have lots of games to choose from to play..cool phone with lots of features and free apps
Great phone As a new user of a smart phone a more detailed instruction on line would be very helpful Phone is Samsung GALAXY SIIIexcellent phone
I chose to go with the Samsung Android Smartphone over any of the iPhones because I have way more security when connected to the internet, additional cool features that the iPhones do not have, and the price is WAY better!!!!! ;)Great Phone!
I am very pleased with my phone accept for the price. My phone is odd as it is and the galaxy s IV is out now. Don't understand the cost but I guess that's straighttalk and Walmart. Otherwise, I am pleased with my phone. Haven't tried everything yet though so I can't be too specific about all the features.I loved the size of the screen and the phone.
My son loves this phone. We had to wait until after New Year's Day because all Walmarts in our surrounding area were sold out! Walmart.com finally had them in stock a few days after the new year. I would recommend that the stores carry more product. Other than that, the phone is awesome and my son loves it.Good value!
its a wonderful phone to have great photos & more am still getting use to it but i love it take great photos & moregreat phone from the beginning
Love itgreat phone
This is a very nice phone with a great display. One thing to watch for is whether you get a 3G or 4G model. The Galaxy S3 is available in both versions, and while I'm not sure, I think the blue model (which is actually a dark gray with just a little blue) is a 4G Sprint phone, and the white one is a 3G Verizon phone. I returned this for a blue one, but both are excellent phones.Great display but be careful of 3G / 4G versions
Great phonegreat phone
I love this phone its great. I haven't had any problems yet and I hope nothing comes up. I highly recommend this product love the camera, front and back. The phone is just great.Galaxy s3
This phone is amazing i love how easy it is to text and just learn all the options this phone has to offer it is worth the moneyGreat phone so many options super fast internet
Very pleased with everything about it.Does everything I expected
The phone works really well & saving $104.00 a month is fantastic too!It's a really great phone!
This is the BEST phone I have ever had. Great reception, no problem with any function of this phone. Would recommend it to anyone....Samsung Galaxy 3
love this phone. better than expectedgreat product
Love this phone and works great! I would recommend it !!Excellent
It has crystal clear graphics and pictures the camera is great way better than my iphone glad I switched!!!!!!!!awesome phone
Great phone. Love itGreat phone
I absolutely love this phone! The camera takes much better pics than my old phone...I've heard that if you update to 4.4 you have nothing but problems so I haven't updated from 4.1 yet!Awesome phone!
Great phoneGreat
Not only is it a great phone, but the service on it's amazing. It's my understanding it uses Verizon. I travel alot and everywhere I've taken it, it's had wonderful reception.I love this phone
Walmart and straight talk really delivered on this one! I've been using the Samsung Galaxy proclaim for about 2 years and I figured it was time for an upgrade. The amount of Technology put into this phone is amazing, plus... IT USES VERIZON TOWERS! You won't be disappointed trust me.Amazing phone / Verizon towers!
I had bought one for my son and it was so good I bought one for myself. I believe my husband is next. Ordering was easy, arrived when it was supposed to. Easy to get turned on and straight talk and the phone both work great.fantastic
Was waiting for a great straight talk verizon phone and found it.Great phone.
Great deal with $100 gift cardexactly as shown
This is a great buy, I bought the bundle that comes with the 100 free walmart gift card for the price you can't beat this phone. It keeps a great signal and meets all my expectations.Great Phone
Great Phone but had a few problems activating. These issues were resolved quickly through Straight Talk.great phone
Great phone for the money!Great phone!
Awesome phone !!!!great phone
My daughter loves this phone! My only complaint would be Walmart using FEDEX to ship it.
They are incredibly slow. It took 2 full weeks to get it.Great phone but shipping terribly slow
Takes a little practice to use the on screen keyboard but I've got it down in less than a week. Phone is easy to set up and pretty intuitive to use. Very glad I finally gave up the flip phone and, as my daughter said" came into the 21st century.My first smartphone and I'm lovin' it!
I would recommend to anyone th purchase this phone. It meets ar beats all of my expectations. Love the camera and video function.the best phone i ever had so eay to use
Had the iphone 5 and decided to try out the S3...After 1 week I am blow away at how much more I can do on this phone...Great phone...
Delivered on time. Love the phoneas advertised
This phone cost more than I really wanted to spend on a cell phone, but the fact that it came with a $100 gift card softened the blow.
The screen is a perfect size with beautiful colors and all the controls work perfectly so far.
Scrabble was no longer available on my old Samsung device (I think the android version was too old) so I was extremely happy to get my favorite game back again.
I originally wanted the blue colored phone but this special offer wasn't available in that color at the time but now that I have the white, it's actually very attractive and glossy and it's easy to find cases that look nice with it.Exciting upgrade from my Samsung Galaxy S Showcase
I've been using the s3 for 4 months now and it's the best phone I've ever had. It's super fast and the network coverage in my area is great. The savings with Straight Talk is even better. I pay about 1/3 of the price as my friends, have the same coverage and the same phone. It can't be beat!
All the apps and everything as any other android its great! Highly recommend!

This review has been written as part of a deed for the Straight Talk Rewards Club but all opinions are my own. Please visit straighttalk.fancorps.com to learn more.Great Phone Great Price!
This phone IS all it's cracked up to be! I am loving it. I finally updated myself from a Samsung Precident (that I've had for a gazillion years), and I'm so glad I did. I thoroughly researched the GS3, and I admit I looked at other pre-paid carriers to see what they offered. NO ONE came close to the deal I got from Walmart.com. $399 bought me the phone (in white! Bonus!) PLUS a $100 gift card! I love Straight Talk service and price. RECOMMEND!Great Phone, Great DEAL
Love my phone best eververy helpful
this phone has all sorts of extras that I never thought of..Love this phone!
The phone has met all my expectations. Received it much faster than I thought I would. This was my first Walmart.com purchase but it won't be my last!Great product with great service
This is a super phone, very easy to use even for this 60 year old grandma!GREAT phone
Straighttalk very easy transfer to new phone. Transfered everything but my photos automatically. Saved photos ahead of time. Like the phone. User friendly and nice screen display.Quality Product
I bought the Samsung S3 for my wife and she loves it. She is still learning how to operate it but our son has one and he has taught her how to use.Great cell phone
Both me and my husband bought this phone and we love them. The screen is huge and seeing we love droids this phone fit right into our lives. This phone is fast, slim, it has lots of ringtones and the clarity and color resolutions have exceeded our expectations. The camera is superb and each picture is clear, colorful and it also has a front facing camera for selfies. I would highly recommend this phone to anyone who wants speed, clarity, slim line, and reliability, plus a great looking phone. We are so glad we bought this Samsung Galaxy S3 phone.Fantastic phone!
I was nervous about switching from tmobile. I had been with them for years. I love the samsung galaxy s3 and I love the straight talk service! It costs me less than my previous provider and so far the coverage has been awesome.
This review has been written as part of a deed for the Straight Talk Rewards Club but all opinions are my own. Please visit straighttalk.fancorps.com to learn more.Awesome phone and service!
Easy. All I was looking in A phone.very nice
Good value and great functionality. Not the most up to date phone but great for my needs.Great phone for Straight Talk.
Love itphone
I think this phone is worthy of a $45 a month phone bill. It is just beautiful!It looks great just charging!
The 3G is a little slow at times but overall no complaints.Good
No problemgreat phone
Camera is great .... sscreen is nice... and the phone is basically easy to understand & use...Love it
I decided on the S3 after reading other reviews and talking to friends who also have it. I have to say I'm not disapointed! It has a beautiful clear screen and picture and so far has given me no problems. Battery life is great also. Great signal with Straight Talk as well!Better Than Expected
Great Straight Talk Phone. Uses Verizon towers In Our Area. Bought For My Teenage son.great phone
this phone is new to me and im learning things everyday on it. I truly love itVery good phone
Great phone on reliable network-Verizon. Activated over web seamlessly. Huge internal memory. No need for ext mem. But its an option. At time of purchase $100 walmart card came with phoneoutstanfing product and value
For the price and features it is a great phone easy to use. Would recommendGreat Phone
My first Straight Talk cell was a small size phone that was extremely hard to use. After about two weeks of the smaller phone, I order the Galaxy S3. I love my new phone. The large screen makes it easy to text, read, take pictures and surf the web.Great Cell phone
This Is The Best Phone I Have Ever Had....So Far So Great
Could not wait to get phone when I finally received it was well worth the wait. I would recommend to all.great phone
I bought this phone as a gift to my husband and he loves it!! Only thing that is a little disappointing is you have to buy another sim card to have 4g speed...other than that the phone is awesome!!Great phone!!
I purchased the S3 as a replacement for my aging Galaxy S and I have to say I am astonished, it is so much faster and brighter and easier to use, and I have not had any issues with the phone locking up or shutting down, both of which were issues with my former phone. I was also great that it came with a $100 Walmart gift card.Great Phone
This phone is everything I could ever want out of technology. I had the s2 but this one is a real step up. Plus only 45 $ a minth unlimited everything with straight talk!!! Love this phone!!!Great phone
I haven't had this phone long, but have enjoyed the major upgrade from my 5yr old metro pcs phone. Can't wait to be able to see and talk at the same time..with my grandchildren in Nebraskagreat phone super deal
Love it!!!!best phone ever
I love the S3 from Straight Talk. I have not had any problems with the phone itself. Only thing I don't care for is that my previous Straight Talk phone S2 was serviced through AT&T and this one is serviced through Verizon.Great phone
I purchased this phone for my wife, it works on Verizon towers (CDMA-V) I really like the size of the screen, and the features of this phone, I want to buy another one for me, but every time I check the Wal-Mart site it says NOT AVALIBLE ON LINE. it must be a real popular phoneWant another one
Expensive... but this is a great phone! I have loved the Galaxy S series for years and the S3 is great! Even got a $100 walmart gift card with the purchase!Great Phone!
Received in the mail fast and happy by the performancegreat
Love this phoneSAMSUNG GALAXY S 3
I like everything about this phone. Its camera takes beautiful pictures. I love being able to speak the texts. Also, being able to store books, music, movies and more. Its all in one pretty much everything I need.Great phone all around.
This Samsung Galaxy 3 Rock's, it has so much memory I'm amazed by the apps I can run I Had The Huweai And I Couldnt get the apps to run right if at all it was limited in memory,this phone is the best by far more than enough memory to run apps and download apps like dish anywhere fast and powerful Good Going SamsungWell Worth The Price
I really love this phone. So awesome.AWESOME PHONE
Samsung Galaxy Phone's are great. I love them.LOVE IT!
So far this phone is fantasticFinally
Great phone priced high but gift card makes up for ithelpful
I been getting this for a while and I am glad I did. Perfect size screen and easy to use, looking for the one that uses Verizon towers, this is the one you want.Awesome
love it.love it
I am very glad that I went with this phone instead of the iPhone.love this phone
Best phone I ever bought. ..totally worth the money. .love this phone! !!
I bought this last week and use it with the straight talk plan. Works awesome and with ease of set up. Upgrade was easy and I kept my same number doing it all online. If you do upgrade with straight talk and you are on the 30dollar plan, make sure you do it closer to your next payment date because they will not pro rate.very impressed
This is my first Smart Phone. I have had it for less then 1 week but so far I am really enjoying it. It has so many capabilities. The phone is thin, sleek and I love the big display screen. Looking forward to learning all of its uses. I don't know why I waited to long to get a smart phone!! I love it!Great Phone
Excellent phone! Love the huge huge screen, makes facebook easy to read, camera takes excellent pics. Phone is very easy to text on, numbers are easy to read, easy to press without making a mistake. Phone fits good in my pocket despite the huge screen. Has so many features i haven't even begun to explore them all yet! There's not one bad thing i can say about this phone! I guess if i had to complain, it would be that it is expensive, but that's it! They say you get what you pay for, and i do not regret buying this phone.Excellent phone!
The battery life is a bit short, but the phone itself is great! Easy to use and lightweight.Great Phone!
Buy one, they are great!I love this phone!
The Samsung Galaxy S 3 phone meets all of my requirements and more. I am pleased and having fun with itt.fantastic cell phone
I have had just about every phone staight talk has on the Verison network and this is by far the best!!!Love it...
AwesomeCame on time amazing phone well worth the money
Was here a day early and get so far!great phone
the phones could have better service that's itthe phone
The battery last a long time! I play a lot of games and only charge it once a day! My old phone would need to be plugged in repeatedly.Love it!
This phonebcame at a great price. Andbit is a great pjome. I recommend this..love this phone
Very good phonelove it
So far so goodgreat
Love the phone. Moved from a $100 phone to this one So there's no question. Bought one for my wife and I and we really like them. Does everything I wanted and then some.great phone
I have had quite a few phones and this is by far the best phone I have ever had I love it and it was well worth the money I paid for it!!! I love the android version and the screen size.. the cameras are amazing and there are tons of motion features to this phone that are a great addition to the smartphonelove this phone!
I received my Galaxy S3 and was surprised that it doesn't have a Sim card but I get great service. I don't understand why, but I'm happy. This phone is awesome!!Great phone
Love this phone no Cons for me.Great phone
The only thing is the Camera when you use the zoom the pic is grainy. Other then that the phone is goodZoom on camera
This phone is everything that was promised and more. Has good reception, speed is excellent. Where we live there is no such thing as 4g but that's not this phones fault!! It takes great pictures... I just can't say enough about how great it is!!!Great phone
Great phone!!Great Phone
I Love this phone!! It is everything that I expected it to be! I highly recommend this phone.A very good product!!
Got this for my daughter. She is 26 and has gone thru several phones. She thinks this is the best phone so far, which is great news for me. I'll take her word for it.Great phone!
Great size, awesome cameraawesome product
Great phone, has all i need in a phone!great phone
Really good phoneawsome phone
I've owned several smartphones and have just recently switched to Straight Talk, and this is by far the quickest and most intuitive android for the price out there at this time. I have absolutely no regrets.Pleasantly surprised
Very happy with the phone. So far, so good.samsung galaxy 3
I waited a long time to get this phone. So far, I am very happy with it.Great phone!!!
I love this phone!! It has so many features that make everyday things easier and more convenient. Not to mention it has two displays one for beginners on their first smartphone to advanced. It shows you everything and has how to hints. It's got tons of storage for all my pictures and applications that I love. Thought I was crazy at first to spend so much money on a phone.. but it's so worth it.An amazing, worth every penny smartphone
This is the best phone straight talk has to offerwonderful phone
I personally like this bundle I got my card when they said I would I got my phone a couple of days before it said I would get it the phone works good lovin the service would recommend it to anyone this is a great phone in a great dealLove it
I love this phone , it has all the bells & whistles a person can ask for. It's worth the price i paid for it.Great phone !!!
I bought two of these phones. one for me one for my wife and we absolutely love them.great phones
Good phone, great apps!!!!!!!!Nice :)
This product has met my expectations.good value
great phonelove it!
this is really a great phone and of very good size which i need to type as my hands and thumbs are extremely large !my new phone
I love this phone!great phone
Love this phone. Easy to navigate and learn. Shipping was fast and was delivered a day early!Awesome Phone!!
Exactly what I expected and was absolutely worth every penny!excellent deal
I wasnt sure about spending almost $400 for a phone. But I am so glad I did. I love it. Easy to use and great features.Awesome phone
Amazing phone, no complaintsNice phone
Good phone I researched this phone for 2 months before I ordered it it runs off verison towers in easten north Carolina so its fast and clear I absolutly love it!love it
This phone is perfect! I love all the features.Love this phone!
I got this phone for Christmas and I really enjoy this phone. The battery life is fairly long and the Play Store has all the apps I want and need. It takes great pictures. If you're looking for a large phone, this might be the solution. I can get to different apps very quickly and most of all, my mother is happy that it is a no contract phone. Buy three months refill at a time for a better deal.Great phone
I'm typing on it now and its purely awesome!Best phone yet!
This phone is exactly what I expected and more!Samsung Galaxy SIII
Love itlove it!!
This is by far the best phone Ive had yet. Love love love it.The best Ive had yet
this phone does more then exspected. Great choice.great cell phone
Love this product! Everything I expected it to be! I'm Very Satisfied with my purchase!Very Helpful Product
Been waiting for this phone for a while.May be a little expensive but so well worth the money.Great phone, and great size. Takes excellent pictures. Has a lot of features I'm still getting use to. I've had this phone for a month and I wouldn't trade it for nothing. Way to go straight talk.Best straight talk phone ever.
A couple of months ago I finally got an iphone which is what I thought I wanted. I was so disappointed with so many things after having androids for years. A few weeks ago I saw where I could get this galaxy, but really could not justify getting a new phone so soon. Anyway long story short: someone offered to buy my iphone enabling me to get this. SOOOO happy! Androids are the best!Androids Rock & this is the flagship...
This phone is like having your computer with you at all times. I love it so glad I upgraded to it.great phone!!!!
I love this phone and all of it's great featuresawesome phone
This was gift for my wife. Not only did she get the phone she wanted, but a $100 gift card. Both for the same price that others wanted for just the phone. The big plus is it is also a great phone.Best deal anywhere
I recently switched to Straight Talk and I love it!
It is very affordable, and you can have a nice phone, but pay less!
Very helpful since I will soon be going to college on the low cost of the cards.
I get good service pretty much everywhere I go!
**This review has been written as part of a deed for the Straight Talk Rewards Club but all opinions are my own. Please visit straighttalk.fancorps.com to learn more.Great buy!
Could not find the phone at any of the stores near by. Looked at walmart.com found the phone and a cheaper deal.great deal for a great phone
I recieved my product the next day. I opened it and have not had a problem out of it yet. I greatly recommend using walmart.com for further purchases.Great review
Great phone with great features. I've been partial to my samsung products and made the mistake of buying an iPhone two years ago. I was so disappointed in iPhone. Switched back to my samsung devices as soon as I could and couldn't be happier.I missed my Samsungs
I love this phone. Great buyGreat phone
Love it!!Samsung Galaxy S3
Best phone to date!Samsung Galaxy S3
I just bought this phone and only been using it for about 24 hours. Nice screen size and a fast phone. I like that I can have the service with straight talk set up to be pulled out of my account every 30 days so I'm not without service. Over all this phone and straight talk plan have been the best. I'm happy. I got the phone when they were giving a Walmart 100.00 gift card with the purchase of the phone which was great too.The camera takes awesome pictures.
Love ityes
I did my research about the Samsung Galaxy 3s and read all the reviews before making my decision. I've only had it for about a week now and I'm really enjoying it very smart phone. if you're looking for smartphone Samsung Galaxy is the one to get..A very helpful product
So easy to use. Great apps and widgets. Easily and quickly connect to internet. Recommend a stylus pen if you don't want to swipe letters. I can do everything with this phone!love this phone!
I am absolutely happy with this phone. I like it better than my friends IPhone 4S. The screen is big and there is nothing I don't like about it.Great phone!
Love my new phone! Still getting use to it but this was a great purchase.Excellent
Phone works great and setup was a breeze. Just like a contract phone without contract price. Lots of features.Wonderful
So glad I got the Samsung Galaxy S3 before it was sold out! Hope they get more in so all the people that wanted one can be as lucky.Easy to use and love the large screen!!
I love this phone... But I was not obligated to the o$100 dollar Walmart gift card because I didn't purchase it in the store. Is it my fault you all did not have it in stock. Overall I love the S3 it is a big step up for me.I love the phone
I had decided to upgrade my phone on straight talk and i kept debating what phone to buy..I had my friends tell me that the samsung galaxy s3 phone was a great phone..So i decided to buy one to see how it is..I have had my new phone for about a month now and i love it..I wouldn't change my phone for anything..It does everything that i wanted a phone to do..so if you are looking for a great phone with great service..I wouold tell you to get straight talk with the samsung galaxy s3samsung galaxy s3
Easy use and simple commands.awesome G3
Works good no problems yetgood phone
I had a S2 through a different carrier. It was T mobile. Their service didn't work where I spent the most of my time. The service with straight tslk is sn improvement, and the S3 is much nicer too!very nice upgrade!
Have nails but this product is amazing!love it!
I love this phone. It uses the Verizon towers so that's a huge plus. It runs Android 4.1.2 which is very smooth, I love the OS. This phone does have the multi-window feature if you care about that. 1.52 GB of available RAM, accepts micro SD cards up to 64 GB. The phone is a monster. It is a good deal if you can get it with the $100 Walmart gift card. I am not sure if I would have purchased this phone at full price though, 399 is a little pricey. The 4.8 inch screen is fantastic. It is a major upgrade over the S2. This phone does not have the motion gesture feature but that was not a factor in my decision at all. Overall, this is an excellent phone. If you can get this phone with the $100 gift card, buy it now!Great Phone
I love all the capabilities and great service too!!!love it!!!!!
My mom has this phone she LOVES to text and go on Facebook. We recommend it for you go to Walmart and buy it.Awesome phone for people who love to text.
I love it, it is everything i wanted out of a phone.Great Smart Phone
This phone work's great. Worth the buy.love it.
By far the best samsung phone I have owned. Verry fast great reception:)Love this phone
I love love love love this phone. It has been the best straight talk phone so far! I have signal everywhere. The battery life is also good on this phone!The best straight talk Phone so far.
I'm glad I got this phone and switched to straight talk. Saving $40 a month.Great phone for the price! ($350)
I've had this phone for about 3 weeks now and I love it! I upgraded from the s2 This phones processor seems to be faster, the screen resolution is wonderful. When I purchased my phone I noticed that walmart now carries phone cases made by straight talk for this phone But it wasn't as protective as I like so I purchased one on amazon and it fits perfect!

This review has been written as part of a deed for the Straight Talk Rewards Club but all opinions are my own. Please visit straighttalk.fancorps.com to learn more.love it
The phone is wonderful! Works great, awesome pictures! My daughter is very happy with it!! However if you plan to continue working with FED EX you might want to stress to them that they HAVE to attempt to deliver the product to the customer! They dumped my order off at the post office claiming they tried to deliver it and they did not!The phone is wonderful
I love this phone.cell phone
First of all this phone runs off verizon towers!! Very light and slim came very quick (within 3-4 days) takes great pictures and has lots of features . I owned the iphone 4s before this and hated it since day one.I owned a galaxy s and s2 before and knew I wanted this .You won't be disapointed.bye bye iphone !!!!
The straight talk program and this phone is a great deal. Why pay more and I never use all the data and surf without worries.great phone easy to buy
So far no problems, everything works well an is pretty fast. Only thing I dont like is no auto correct otherwise its great if you can get your hands on one!great product
Love phone meets all expectations great Phone s love it.chantra
Absolutely love the Samsung Galaxy S3!!!! Straight Talk was super easy to sign up for. I got to keep my phone number. It's the perfect phone for me!I am in love!
Great phone. Nice big screen, takes great pictures, easy to use. Straight Talk transferred my phone number in minutes. Overall excellent purchase. Phone was well worth the price. Straight Talk is such a good deal only $45 each month.Great phone
I love this phone. I have owned many phones over the past 13 years and this is my favorite! I hated the iphone. After mere minutes of using this phone I knew it was for me!Love at first boot!
Greatvery good
Love itlove this phone
great deal,no problems,works great,larger screen is a pluslove it,does it all
I ordered this phone 4 times before I actually received it. It was so popular by the time I would get it ordered and paid for I would get the dreaded email that it was out df stock. On my fourth try I received another email it was out of stock at my store and that they would Fed Ex my order ASAP. Received it within 4 days and have not regretted the time and effort on everyone's part in getting my phone and the price was reasonable. Thank you Walmart.com.Ease of operation and love the screen size.
I LOVE THIS PHONE. I HAVE NO COMPLAINTSITS THE BEST
No problems yetgalaxy s3
this is the best PHONE
ever I love everything about it features are all incredible. love love love this phone. I would buy it again in a heart beat. No iphone for me the galaxy s3 is the best.awesome product
I just got this phone a few hours ago and I can't put it down, I love it. It has so much stuff on it that none of my old phones had before. So far, it is overall a great phone.This is my first android smartphone.
Switched from iPhone 4s to Galaxy 3. The Galaxy is far superior in every aspect.awesome phone!
I am more than pleased with my Samsung S3. I was looking for a Straight Talk smartphone that I could use with Verizon towers. This one does. I like the gps capabilities and the fact that I don't really need my tablet anymore. In fact, I plan to sell my Samsung tablet.
The battery life is fantastic compared to the Proclaim I was using before.
The only downside is having to shell out the $450 (which covered the phone and a 2yr warranty that I highly reccomend).
So far so good. :)Love this phone!!!
100%
LBuen producto
Love it and it takes great pictures and it run's of Verizon!!!5
Even a 70 year old man can run it..lolGreat phone!
So far so good. Really nice phone with nice camera. My first smartphone well actually started with ZTE majesty which was great phone with awesome battery. But pictures were "ok" and I decided to turn it in and get this one. Pictures are definitely better with the S3. I HAVE 2 grandsons playing sports and wanted a good camera on my phone so would not have to lug around camera and phone. Happy so far with s3 and straight talk. ZTE majesty is great phone if wanting to save money and photos aren't that important to you....they are ok photos just hit and missvery nice
This phone is awesome and it works on the Verizon network. I love the multi-tasking feature.love it
Phone come in on time but have never received my gift card.good phone
Great PhoneGreat Phone!
easy to operate. does everything IPhone doesgreat smart phone
This phone has verazon signal so is the best phone n chip cuz i only pay 45 for everything unlimitedthis phone is the best
Great phone!love the phone
WonderfulWorks great
I love this phone. Got a great deal with it too! Came with a walmart gift card so was like I got my str8 talk card free!!!very good description for product
I had an iPhone 4 on verzion for 3 years and I was ready to get a new phone so I got samung galaxy 3 from straight talk its so much better than the iphone so if anyone wants to change this is a really good phone and the only problem I have with it is that will not sent pictures I don't know y but it will not but I have snapchat and facebook to sent picturesI really love it better than an iPhone
this is the best phone ever!!!!!Excited
Love the big screen and its very easy to usegreat phone
Samsung Galaxy S3 phone is a great phone. I love the Straight Talk plan that gives you unlimited everything for only $45 a month.Great phone and excellent plan
I would reccomend this phone...camera is great...options and tools are awesome...a liitle pricey considering the S5 is. Coming out but still greatvery nice phone
For you old school crowd. Its time to upgrade to a better phone for a good price. Just make sure you select the specific model# for the wireless provider you want in your area. I needed one tailored for Verison. A leading consumer magazine picked this to still be a great phone and bargain. Even though the S4 is out.awesome phone
This phones operates so much better than the galaxy s2. So many different functions that I haven't used yet...I have only had the phone for three weeks! Will purchase an S4 with straight talk when I get tired of this one.Only an Android user
I looked for a long time to replace my Virgin Mobile pay as you go. I didn't have a smart phone and didn't have service most of the time since Virgin Mobile uses Sprint. Too spotty of service areas. I got this Galaxy 3 which is the Verizon network, so make sure you can use Verizon. This area has great AT&T coverage also but I travel so Verizon was my choice.

The phone itself is excellent. I'm new to smartphones and wanted a good one, not just run of the mill. I also didn't want top of the line since they cost too much and again, I'm trying to figure out how to use it. On that note, it's easy to learn with intuitive interface, for the most part.

Great value. I would definitely recommend this phone and Straight talk.Great phone, great service
Works great with Verizon towers. I love the camera.Great phone
I have had the phone less than a week. So far I am loving it.samsung
Easy to use and lots of cool apps and featureslove this phone.
Great phone. Glad I ditched apple products.the best phone you'll ever purchase
Process was fast, phone sent quickly to my home - good value for the money plus on the Verizon network. Walmart employee directed us to phones on Ready Talk that used the Verizon system versus other phone there were on Sprint - phone options greatVery happy with Walmart phone center personnel
Very good , worth the money .Excellent product , but not for a beginner .
I tthink this is the best phone thus far, and very to use. : )samsung s3
Not fond of Verizon in our area, but this phone is great. Sound is good, I can actually hear the person I am talking to. The battery life is good. I use the Power Saving mode and it lasts pretty well even with a few conversations. The camera does a nice job. Graphics are bright and colorful. The phone is very quick to react to any of the apps I use. Getting on the web is fast with WiFi. Not so good without it. I need to call Straight Talk to figure out why I am unable to get on the web without WiFi. I am happy with the phone and would recommend it to anyone who wants to save a few bucks with the Straight Talk service.Straight Talk Samsung Galaxy S3
One of the best phone's I have own.love it
Phones works great and I ported my numbers from Verizon. Set up auto refill on Straight Talk website and now I have unlimited everything and no worries. Just add the $45 and tax monthly and I'm good to go. This plan would have cost double at Verizon. Grant it I may have gotten a newer phone however this one is pretty cool.Good By Verizon
I love this phone so much. It does so many wonderful things. The big screen is wonderful and it takes wonderful pictures. It is so far the best phone that I have ever owned. I love all the features it has al the apps u can have on here and I love how much storage it has. Greatest phone ever.Love, Love, Love
I love my new phone,It does everything I was looking for in a phone and more love having a larger screen and takes great pictures,And is very easy to use.Great Phone
This phone replaces so much, I almost bought a tablet separately but it covers my tablet needs as well. Screen is large enough for me and camera takes great pics. 3G service is good for me since 4G LTE is spotty in my area. Call quality is the best I've had other than my old Blackberry. I recommend getting a case or cover with a bit of grip since the back of this phone is very smooth. I really enjoy browsing apps, playing games, and using the social apps on this phone. Battery life is sufficient but if you want more, aftermarket extended batteries are available online. Very pleased with Samsung products especially this phone. One note thought however, you will not be able to upgrade the android version of this phone through StraightTalk network.For 2014 still an excellent smartphone
This is a very good phonevery good phone
N/agreat product
Well worth the money for this phone. Probably the best straight talk phone.great phone
Functions we'llFirst phone had issues, but the replacement works
This is a great phone, but I did have a hard time finding one that used Verizon as it's carrier and in my area it is by far the best carrier and t-mobile is the worse. Net10 are full of lies were checking through walmarts site was more accurate than checking through straighttalks site.great phone
Visually easy on the eyes. Set up for home page and all apps are easy to swipe and find. I do miss the Message delete button I had previously. And it does have a back button which was new to me for the messages and phone calls (if you don't want that last usage to pop back up when you open). But every phone is a little quirky from what you had before. And the sound is much better.Great phone for me upgrading from a basic smart ph
Does what I need.Excellent phone
Walmart 's service & price is always fair! I had a I-Phone with Straight Talk and the change over to this phone was a "SNAP"! It was easy to get my "contacts" etc. from I-Cloud to this phone. This is a stylish & easy to use phone!Samsung Galaxy S 3 on Vezsion Towers
so I haven't had any problems whatsoever I love it matter of fact the only thing that I have ran into the longevity of battery life and that's just simply because I used to think so muchfreaking amazing
This is a wonderful phone. So many features and options to make my life easier. And within a reasonable price without a 2-year contract. Best purchase I've made in a long time.Wonderful first smart phone
After reviewing this product online thought id give it a shot to purchase. great phone takes nice pictures whenever next model comes out im sure to get it.Great product features and benefits are awsome.
I bought the "verizon" model and I couldn't be happier with the phone and ST Service.Great Value for service & Phone
I don't know much about the iphones or androids (smartphones). I had a flip top before this. I am impressed with this phone. Works great. I have verison one as opposed to ATT or T-Moble. At my house verizon is a little I'll call shakey. Thats because of my location. I can go 500 or 1000 feet everything works good (I'm talking cell phone). Texting and every thing else good. Battery I'm not sure. I have to charge at night. The old flip top I could go a week or two. These phones use a lot more battery juice in general. I don't know if they make a stronger battery or not. Overall its a very impressive phone.I like IT
I used to have the Galaxy SII, it started malfunctioning so I upgraded to the SIII. It is great! I like the largE screen, and even though the phone itself is bigger, it is still light and easy to hold. I would recommend this phone to friends and family member. The apps funtion quickly and it has a nice camera.Great phone!
I am extremely pleased with my Galaxy S III. Be sure to get the white phone (CDMA-V) for the very best coverage. This version operates on the Verizon network.Great Phone and Great Coverage
LOVE this phone! Went fron Virgin mobile Triumph to Galaxy 3 and what an upgrade for me. Very easy to use and transfering phone number was not painful at all, but i do recommend calling not trying to do yourself after an hour and a half trying to do it my self it took 20 minutes over the phone. Only had a month but very happy with my choice.Easy to use
Straight Talk Samsung Galaxy S3 prepaid cell phone is great. The camera takes great pictures and the MP3 player works great! Sound is very clear! It was very easy to activate the S3 on the Straight Talk website. My S3 uses the Verizon towers and I get service everywhere so far. Have only had the S3 for a week but I love it! Was referred to Straight Talk by a friend and I'm so glad I switched!Great Phone!
LOVE LOVE LOVE it! Works better than my s3 I had with Sprint for half the cost. Go ahead and get it!!Awesome
Love itgalaxy 3
Easy to use large screenlove it perfect for my needs
A very nice phone with all the "must have" features.very nice phone
this is only my second smartphone but I absolutely love it! The service is incredible and the features are numerous.my only question would be why doesn't walmart sell this in store?Love this phone!
Overall, I love it, but it's a little complicated to learn. The auto-rotate feature is necessary & useful, but it doesn't work that well.Beautiful display
love this phone lot better than the one I used to have from cricket easy to use. bought a bigger battery.real nice cell phone easy to use
Great product!very useful
MY BETTER HALF LIKES HER NEW PHONEWIFE'S PHONE
We bought the Samsung sIII for our aunt who wanted to switch to Straight Talk from Metro PCStraight Talk has Great coverage
It's a very good phone, not the most up to date model they make, but just fine for my needs,too expensive for what you get, but isn't everything these days!SAMSUNG GALAXY S3 CELL PHONE
Bought it for my daughter-in-law and she absolutely loves it! And she loves me, too, now.Great phone!
I like it good buy so far very durable!!!!!!!!!nice phone :-)
Good phone works wellWas familiar with product prior to buying
Nice features, great camera, a bunch of apps, nice price compared to buying one of the new models they come out with every other month it seems!Wife loved it!
Bought this one for my mother. Have had mine for a year. LOVE IT!!! Use internet on it more than home or office computer since it is faster.Clear sound. Beautiful picture quality.great
I learn something new that I can use my phone for everyday!Excellent for me!
Bought the phone for a gift. Love the options, apps. Takes great pics. Easy to use.Great phone-lots of options-easy to use
I have had this phone for a few months now and I really love it. I've had no problems with the functioning of the phone. I have had some problems with the internet. I called customer service and after awhile they determined that my phone just was not running off the closest Verizon tower. They told me that where actual Verizon customers have access to every verizon tower, straight talk customers only have access to one in an area. It would be nice if it was 4G. As for the OS, I have researched why they do not do updates and I've seen some customer care reps say it'll mess up the phone and some say they don't offer them. When I emailed them they said that you can update your version once to 4.2 or 4.3 but you cannot update from Jelly Bean to KitKat. As for how to do this, they said Google will send the update to your phone. Obviously these versions have been out for awhile. So will they update? Probably not until they absolutely have to.
As for the features of this phone, they are great. The screen is very touch responsive, it has an LED notification light for texts, Facebook, email, etc. The camera is wonderful, the screen is clear and large, the call quality is great and texting is fast. The speakers are very loud which is good for speaker phone and playing music. I use my phone for everything so I use it everyday. The battery is good and lasts awhile if you aren't on the internet for a long time. I usually charge mine once a day at heavy use. At first I was terrified to break the screen but my daughter has dropped it on a hard floor on the screen a few times and it survived. However I dropped it in a pool and after it was all dried out, it had some water damage. Sent it back and they sent a new one within a couple days with a $39 deductible. Hope this answers any questions and helps to decide if this phone is for you!Great Phone
Great phone for the moneyvery good phone
This is my first Straight Talk phone but my 2nd smart phone...I wanted one that would use Verizon network because Verizon works best in my area. I originally wanted the S4 but after reading some of the reviews, I saw it didn't use Verizon network so the S3 was the way to go!! So far so good with my new phone!! :)Would have gone w/S4
Love this phone! So glad straigtalk can be used for it that's the only reason I got this to begin with.Glad I did great phone with a cheap plan. Win win!great smartphone
I ordered this Samsung for my mother who just learned to text at 72 yrs old and she love the larger phone key pad and the texting area is bigger overall she likes it alot better than her previous smart phoneexcellent phone
Great phone for a great price! Love the phone and service! :)Love!
Looked at lots for phones. This is by far the best value given the performance. Phone is working great.Best value on the market
I wish I could afford the new one, 5, but this phone works well for me.i only regret not purchasing it when it came out
I love my new phone. The only problem I have with it is that when making a call the screen goes black and I can not get the screen to come back on until after the call eventually ends then the screen does start to work. Other than that I really enjoying using every aspect of the phone.Excellent
I had a Galaxy SII and was very happy with it, but lost it. Now Galaxy SV is out, but I just need a phone for making calls, texting and listening to music. Camera is great too. Haven't tried the GPS yet. Nice to be able to do my banking from the phone. Meets my needs just fine. Very happy with it.Meets my needs fine
Every time I use this product I am amazed at what it can doGreat product for the price
I had an older straight talk phone which wasn't really great for getting online and I certainly couldn't post pictures which is not the case with the Samsung Galaxy S3. It was pretty easy to activate online and is easy to navigate once you figure it out. I would recommend this phone for those looking for their first smart phone, it may be an older model but is definitely worth the price!!!Awesome first smart phone!!!
My husband and I got this phone to replace our Samsung centura. It operates much better, has more space, more capabilities and has a decent camera. It is an android phone and we have access to tons of free apps from google play. We also bought a lifeproof case to protect our investment. So far, loving the phone and the case!This phone is an awesome upgrade from my centura
Good product and does what I want it to.Love it.
loads apps quickly great screen sizeeasy to use
I really like my new Samsung phone, it is so easy to use and the savings from getting it while on sale was excellent as well.This phone is awsome!
Great phone for $300, not top of the line, but not totally outdated yetgreat phone doesn't hurt your wallet too bad
I am not smart phone savvey but this phone met all my expectations and more.Wonderful
I love it!Samsung S 3
Everything I needed and wanted in a cell phone!GREAT phone
Anyone that knows their way around a smart phone, but no into measuring stats, will be very happy with this phone!Excellent Choice
It doesnt even need a sim card. This phone is amazing. I love my new phone.I love it.
I purchased this as a birthday gift for my 15 year old grand daughter, it has all of the same options you would get from a traditional carrier without the contract, she absolutely loves this phone.All you need for a teen
great pics, fast internet,Our girls love their new phones
Love it.galaxy 3
This is the best phone, glad I read all the reviews. The price was great and up and working in 5 min.Takes the best pictures ever.
I love, love, love this phone. By far the best straight talk phone I have ever owned. I've had it for a month and haven't lost a call or had any problems what so ever. Unlike other straight talk phones you can't have to many apps. This one I have a bunch and still have room for more. I was hesitant to buy it because of the price. But it's worth every penny. Will update if any problems should happen.This is an awesome phone.
The S3 is an excellent upgrade from my previous phone. I am impressed with the voice recognition as well as the ease of using all its features.Great upgrade
I love the phone, the camera is great. Best purchase on a phone.Best phone ever!!
This beast does everything I need it to do plus moreSuper dope
Good productVery helpful
Really like the speed of this phone, all the new stuff I still need to learn about it, so far I am happy with it and I have been a Straight talk customer for a year now and love the service..and price!!Got a Good One
Very good product gets better coverage than last phoneGood phone good price
wish the life was longer on it, it does last all day for the battery.. other then that its a great phone. shipping was fast.really great phone
Simply stated...I love it! I know there are newer models but this one suits me perfectly.Awesome Device!
I here to till everybody this phone is great its got everything u what and more the Straight Talk Samsung Galaxy S3 its worth the moneyStraight Talk Samsung Galaxy S3
I love this phone, I didn't know that I could enjoy it so much, easy to navigate , light weight, the straight talk service reception is way better, the best one for me thus far.my daily phone
I like the phone, and like the service. this phone operates on the Verizon network.good phone
So far the phone is doing greatexcellent phone
Excellent phone, many features. I like the larger font, and the swype feature is very smart. It completes many words, helping me minimize keying. I think it's a great buy for the price.This is a high quality phone
Great phone with a large screen and good cameragreat phone
Very nice phone. Had a little trouble getting everything set up but once I got it set up (and the Straight Talk technical people were wonderful!) it has been great.Nice phone
We purchased the ST Samsung Galaxy S3 for our daughter who is a college student, the set-up instructions was easy to follow and the online support we found was easy to find information for extra set-ups. We purchased the phone online on our blue WM card and the warranty didn't print with our site store pick up. This caused alot of confusion for us and the service dept. after a long wait and being shuffled from desk to desk, the associate said the support tech assured them that our online warranty receipt was sufficient. Fingers crossed. Aside from the warranty confusion, we are very pleased with the product and service!ST Samsung Galaxy S3 Thumbs Up
Always wanted a galaxy, absolutely love it. No complaints.love it
Love my new Galaxy S3, has a big screen and takes great pictures. I'm glad that I bought it. The phone is really easy to use.Great Phone
Nice size screengreat phone
I WOULD DEFINITELY RECOMMEND THIS PHONE TO MY FRIENDS!AWESOME FEATURES!
Great phone. Great coverage with Verizon towers. Extremely satisfied with my purchase.Samsung Galaxy S3
Love the phone, that is why this is the second one purchased for my family. However, I'm not happy with the white color, but it was the only one available at the time we needed a phone.Great phone in different color
I just got this to take pictures and videos. I don't use it for the phone feature but for the pictures and video it works great. It's convenient to carry around, it has a sharp image, and it takes pictures as soon as you click the button there's no delay.Very satisfied
This phone model is about two years old, but it's an awesome phone. I am very pleased with my purchase.Love it!
I bought this as an upgrade from my Samsung Galaxy II. I love it . . . maybe next year I will upgrade to the Galaxy 4 or 5 (once the price comes down)!upgrade
Only thing is......the ad said it was 4g and it's notfirst smartphone
I love this phone! It works great! Easy to use and excellent performance!phone
This is new to me and I'am having so much fun with my new Samsung Galaxy 3!!!!This is new to me.
This phone is great, it has 12 gb of useable memory.Excellent purchase I would recommend to anyone.love it
The Galaxy S3 is a great phone, I've only had it for a few weeks but I love it. All the features I need.Great phone great service
Can't get to specific yet just got up and running. I thought it was time to throw the flip away. Love to take pictures though and it does that really good.Going modern
I Love it !!! It does everything !!!!Best straight talk phone I have ever had !!!
I love this phone. I research it for a while before I found a good deal so I could buy it. Very fast phone.Great phone
I hope it goes on sale for under $200 again easy to use and does a lotI hope it goes on sale for under $200 again
The Samsung Galaxy was a great product for the price. I have not had any problems with the phone yet. It works just fine it is fast and I love it!Recommended the Galaxy!
Great phone with tons of apps. The camera is incredible. You can not beat the price.Straight Talk Fan
I have finally found my phone! I have bought 6 phones in the last 5 months! This is the one. The screen is large enough for my hand and the screen is large enough for these old eyes! And it has voice control on it, I just talk it does what I say, I love it!Wonderful for old people it's big!
Chose this Goldilocks phone for it's features and size...Not too big, not to small and the features are just right for me.Great upgrade, without the expense, bulk of the S5
The picture is better than my laptop, which I don't use anymore since I got the S3.Even works as a phone
my husband has the Samsung II and he says three is betterI dont know
Great product!!oh yea!!!!
I owned a hauwei phone of which problems were from day one. When this phone was a one day special, I took advantage of it. I thought well why not, I can return to store without any problems. I thought I may have to because of poor reception in my area. To my surprise this phone did perfect. I am NOT kicked out of the Internet every 20 seconds as was the hauwei phone. I CAN FINALLY ENJOY THIS PHONE TO THE FULLEST. This Samsung Galaxy 3 phone has been a joy to own and operate.Finally
Phone is fantastic and works wonderfully. Only the battery runs down somewhat faster than I am used to. Won't last a day of use without charging at least once. Standby mode reserves power excellent. Overall no regrets.Great phone
I brought this phone for my daughter, she loves itGreat Phone
This phone is easy to use & set up. I am using with Straight Talk and I love it.Great phone
I have only had this phone a short while but I am very pleased that I finally took the step to a smart phone. I still have a lot to learn but I am enjoying every bit of it.Great phone!
Would recommend. Great price.moved up from recent phone
I love it, will enjoy it more when I learn how to use it.love my new phone
This phone does everything I need.I know its not the most up to date,but for the price and combind with straighttalk, it cant be beat!Great phone!Great price!
It is a good phone ,i like it alot .awesomeness
I know this phone is 2 generations behind but they are great. I would love to have and see the galaxy s5 and what it can do.Samsung galaxy s3
Exelent phone very practicle.nice and easy to use.
Could hardly wait to get this phone, glad I did and was able to get it for $149 sale.(Thanks Walmart!!) It is everything and more than what I expected. Would definitely recommend purchasing this phone. It works on Verizon towers which is a must for our area.Fantastic Phone
Great phone for a great priceawesomeness
Great phone! I am an old dude. Got this phone because I got tired of all my friends showing me pictures on their phones. It has been a lot of fun to learn how to use. Utube has been a great help. Straight Talk has a good signal and a lot cheaper. The downside as I understand it, is you will not be able to updated the OS.Even a caveman can use this phone.
i love the screen, the speed, the phone features. this phone is awesome. i would recommend it to anyone.Love it
I am so glad I bought this phone.Best Phone
Good buy and prep was very good.

My wife just loves her phone and yes I would encourage getting the Galaxy S3, 4 or 5 even more than the Iphone. This is the best phone she has every had.

RLBGalaxy s3 purchase
ordered the G-3 and it arrive on time and under cost! Did I just say that YES? After months of investigating phones and services I decided to go with Straight Talk.
Here's why.
1. the phone went on sale for $179.00 from $279.00 (great price anywhere). upon purchase prior to black Friday, the phone hit an all time low $149.00... I was like, can you believe my luck...
2. Got to Walmart, picked up the phone and went to wireless department to purchase the $45.00 unlimited everything card. prior to purchasing the card, I asked the CSR if I was able to get the $149.00 price for my phone since I purchased it one day prior to Black Friday. She called her manager and the manager OK'd the price difference on the spot. I bought a belt holder with the savings..!
3. i got home and immediately set up the phone. i transferred my Verizon phone number over to straight talk. The number was transferred immediately! Awesome ready to go...right
4. You generally have to wait 24-48 hours for the number transfer and internet feed. Like I said, this happened within a few hours of owning this phone. My life is much easier because of this phone and it's technology. thank you and here's a high 5 star for all you've done... sincerely, john bExcellence in your hand
I love this phone so far. No bad commentsGreat phone
I am so happy with this phone. The pictures look great and its really easy to navigate between apps. Mine runs on Verizon towers and works great and is pretty fast! I would advice people to first check whether this phone will work in their area because from what it sounds like some people did not do their research too well. I love the look of the phone and the feel when I press on the keyboard. I definitely got my moneys worth!excellent phone!
Awesome device. I feel like Ive stepped back into time. I have no idea why I waited so long to upgrade to a better device. Its like having a mini tablet and easy to use. Not to big, keystrokes are easy and it provides you with your words before you finish typing.

I highly recommend this device, has been so worth the money I spent. I'll be upgrading with the same brand and style from here on out.Finally Upgraded!!
The phone itself has many great features and I love the Android apps. The graphics are just awesome!

It has a very thin design and the back cover is very slick. I would suggest buying an additional case to help you hold onto the phone; it is easily dropped because of the slick back cover.

The only drawback is that it is not configured to receive any type of 4G coverage from what I can determine. If you need 4G, buy a different phone...perhaps at AT&T model, if it gets 4G coverage. I may return it within the preview time period for that very reason.Great phone, but only gets a 3G signal
The phone works better than the more expensive models. Great value.great value
Love this phone,it's fast, good battery life compared to my old phone,plenty of apps.I am still discovering features of this phone and so for I give it a AAA rating.Great Phone
This is one great smartphone. It responds so quickly, and smoothly. It outshines any other smartphone I've had.The best smartphone ever!!!
Everything that they say about this phone is true. It works way better than the other less priced Samsung phones I had bought earlier. I couldn't have asked for a better phone. It has a good signal and the battery has stayed up even with all of my wifi and other services. I like the larger, easier to read screen. It has done everything that I have asked of it so far. I would really recommend upgrading to this phone if you are using one of the other lower priced Straight Talk phones, it will be worth the money you spend on it.The best phone I've bought so far.
I love this phone! I used to have a Samsung Note and always felt it was a little too big for my hand and the S3 is perfect. The Samsung brand is the best because its user friendly.Exceeded my expectations!!
The Galaxy S3 phone has Star Wars technology compared to my old android phone that was about to crash. Even though there have been upgrades released to this phone price versus quality exceeds any phone I could find. Improvements in processing speed, memory, apps, screen size, HD quality camera...far exceeds the expectations of my research of the features of The Galaxy S3. If you want the latest technology in a cell phone at a less than a $300 price that includes Verizon coverage - unlimited talk, text and data at $45 a month this is the best phone I could find. "So beam me up Scotty I'm a happy customer." :)Star Wars Technology
This phone has so many thing's you can do with it.Great feature's
I hate writing review but I like this phoneSamsung Galaxy S3
I'm on a limited budget. I dropped and broke a Samsung Epic I was using as an extra on someone else's plan and ever since used cheap tracphones. I missed my Samsung a GREAT deal and when I saw the price of this one and the unlimited talk, text and data with no contract for a reasonable monthly price I jumped on it. Glad I did. Better than my old one and everything I could ask for. LOVE this phone! And trust me I did a lot of research including trying out friends' and family's various phones including the latest iPhones. This was the ONLY phone for me and happened to be the best value.

If you want user friendly video/music excellence then get this one.Love my Samsung
Me and my husband bought this phone a year ago and now that my daughter is old enough for her own phone I thought, stick with what works. Also, straight talk is the best service I ever had.best phone
I love my s3. It has great features . The talk time is good and it holds a good charge. I would recommend that if you have the centura like I did take the next step and move up to this phone.my new phone
Large screen and lots of options on this phone. My niece loves it!My niece loves her new phone.
Very light, large screen and excellent features.Awesome phone!!!
I upgraded my old cell phone galaxy centura for this beauty, let me tell you... it's amazing!!! The features, the speed and everything about this phone is great.excellent cell phone for your money
This is the best phone Samsung has made....Awesome Phone
My Samsung Galaxy Iii has far exceeded my expectations. It is very easy to use, sits in you hand well as far as size and the battery life between charges is the best out any smart phone I have ever used including BlackBerry. I highly recommend this product.One satisfied customer
love itcowgirl
This phone is the one I wished I had before all my other phones.Nice
I've only had it a week, but so far it is great. Also, Walmart offered it at a great price. I was going to do the 4S on Black Friday, then got an email alert for this phone. (and I didn't have to stand in line!!)Straight Talk Scores!!
This is a great phoneGalaxy s3
It's different from the flip phone I was using I guess I'm old school a lot of things on this phone I never knew was on a phone but the phone is nice and I believe it will last me awhileits a lot of phone
Love Love this phone and stright talkGreat Phone, Great Price
Great deal on a supurb Android smart phone. Excellent battery life. Wide coverage area. Very user friendly device.Smart Phone
I purchased this phone back in July and I still am amazed at what this phone can do. Just purchased another for my husband. He loves his phone. Now we swap what features we know and learn with each other! Great value for the money.

I highly recommend this cell phone.The Biggest Little Phone Ever!
I love this phone, I actually bought mine in the black Friday sale, this year. The phone just enhances everything. I really like the fact that the screen.is bigger, and that the phone holds so much memory. I've only had it for a few weeks now and I and loving it. I would recommend this phone to anyone.wonderful upgrade
Works well with Straighttalk in my areaGreat phone for the price
Straight talk has done it again, Love, Love my samsung straight talk cell phone. Picks up where ever me or my husband are an he's a truck driver with a straight talk galaxy cell phone also. Keep up the great work samsung; we love ya"omg samsung
I absolutely love this phone this is my second phone on straight talk phone I upgraded to this phone from the samsung galaxy s showcase which was a good pone. I love the big screen on this phone and the front facing camera and it works great with great service i love straight talk.Great Phone
very user friendly. Like the large fontsgreat phone
Got this phone for our son for an early Xmas and he loves it
He says it is better then the I phone he used to own,
I only wish I would have bought one for me while it was on saleGreat Phone
Love it!!!great
This is an upgrade from a previous Samsung phone, so the learning curve was small. Large, sharp screen. Performance is good. No problem porting my existing number over to the new phone. Happy camper here.Great phone
I had a lot of issues with my Centura phone, had to pull the battery and reset everyday, this phone is awesome, I now have the service with straight talk I had with Verizon. Love the phone it is quick and helpful. Graphics are amazingThe best thing that ever happened for Straightalk
My answer is yes.If you're wondering if its worth it
I've been using the lower end smartphones from straight talk and finally decided to get a quality phone. The S3 is a great affordable choice for those who want to save money. Friend has the S4 and says they liked the S3 better. Now Samsung has S5 which is quiet a bit more power for sure but costs almost 3 times as much. I went on Amazon.com and bought a bigger battery and case for the S3. Now my phone lasts way too long before it needs a charge.Great No Contract Phone
My husband is very happy with this phone. He likes the bigger screen and the clear picture.Husband's Gift
This phone is terrific! It has everything you could ask for in a smartphone...Large 4.8 inch screen, a super camera with flash, and many other features like Samsung's S Beam, NFC communications, and Motion Detection, to name a few...

This is the phone that got Samsung on the map!...A great choice and a great value!Great Android Phone!
This is an awesome phone I would recommend it everybody. Thanks WalMart for providing excellent service to your customers.awesome
Phone is Awesome....Awesome
I'm still learning all the great things it does. I couldnt be happier with a phone.love my phone
I love my new phone! I got it on Black Friday for a great price.I got it!
My husband loves this phone. Nice sleek!!!Excellent Deal!!!
I gave this to my boyfriend and he really likes it takes god pictures. Only thing bad is volume he has hard time hearing on calls.gift
I love this samsung phone! It has all the bells and whistles. I have had this phone for about a month now and I have not had a single problem. Not one dropped call, all my texts download! I love samsung products and I love straight talk. I can't imagine why anyone would use a different service. So much money is saved, and the warranty of the phone covers wear and tear and was super simple to file a claim!great phone!
Was a nice phoneawesome
My daughter love it.phone
I have not had one single problem with this phone. Like is as a great altrnstive to an "i" anything.wonderful phone
Great phoneawesome
I was afraid I would have a lot of trouble but this phone makes it so easy to understand directions. I absolutely love it and would recommend it to anyone that is not really ready for the newest technology but can handle a little bit. I feel like I have arrived!!!I thought I wasn't smart enough for a smart phone
Nicely priced with all the bells and whistles. Well worth it.Good buy
This phone replaces the Samsung Galaxy Ace that my dog ate. I loved that phone because it was so intuitive. Before that, my husband and I had lower tech Galaxies, and mine was totally unusable, Up until about a year ago I, a middle-aged physically challanged woman only carried a phone for emergencies and to save myself a lot of time and gas wasting--until I got my Galaxy Ace. Even though I have no techie kids in my life, I was able to figure it out easily and started utilizing it to keep the charity I volunteer for running smooth. Then our puppy became annoyed with the beeping one day and destroyed it. I had a warranty on it and it was replaced with the SIII. This phone is every bit as intuitive, and has MORE features and a better camera! I love the sharing feature! Anyway, if you think it's time to update your mom's phone but she doesn't want to spend a lot of money on a new phone, this is your best deal!Expanding my life!
I've been using an inexpensive flip phone for 3 years. Decided to take the plunge and join the modern world. Phone wasn't as difficult to initially set up as I thought it would be. My favorite feature (so far) is "talk to text". So easy! Just tap the microphone icon at the bottom of the keyboard screen, and there it is. No more labor intensive typing on a keyboard.
I know there are a bazillion other things this phone does, and I'm finding out more as I use it. I guess you can teach an old dog new tricks. Price was a real bargain! I have no regrets after buying this phone.Love this phone
I love the features on this phoneLove this phone
I love my new phone. Great service! Fast shipping. Loved it so much we got our son one too! ThanksAWESOME PHONE!
Great phone. I absolutely love everything about this phoneAwesome
No Problems with phone or service, very happy with purchase!!Awsome phone
Awesome!S3
its fast and light,it has a lot of internal memory for downloads,user friendly,love itsmasung galaxy 3
love this phonecall me
There is a reason that this phones receives good grades. It is first of all, an excellent phone. It also has most of the bells and whistles most people want. It is an excellent tool for my considerable usage traveling statewide.Solid Choice
I really like using this phone.Great Phone for a good price.
Great screen size, lots of storage space, and pretty quick. A good all around phoneVery nice phone for the money
Good service, good productawesomeness
Well worth the $$$great phone
I was really skeptical about spending so much money on a smart phone but I have to say this s3 blows my old L G phones away. All the functions and apps run smooth and fast, the wifi is much better than my old phones. The interface is pretty simple and I'm not tech savvy especially with electronic devices. I purchased mine on black friday for 120 less than they are going for now. 149 dollars well spent. This hing does everything I need of course keep in mind I am a moderate user with little experience when it comes to smart phones.Why did I wait so long
Well coming from a samsung centura I got last Black Friday for$30, this is a major upgrade for me. I debated if I should get iphone or this S3, well $ talks..iPhone still too overpriced and screen is small. This S3 is great for what I need and love that I still have verizon towers, it is fast and camera is superb, large screen wow, and well $149 was an awesome price!Black Friday Special
Love This phone and the plan through straight Talk!Smartest Smart Phone Purchase
I love this phone easy to use and love straight talk and it was on sale can't beat thatlove the galaxy s3
Well, I like this phone. The shipping was great. Came earlier than I expected.. In great condition and came with everything you need. Very excited..Galaxy S3
A very good phone. One of the best. The best price for such good quality. Walmart has nailed it again.Superb Price for a supreme Product
This phone provides me with everything I need,without the cost of other brands. I love it.Samsung Galaxy SIII Rates
I bought this phone for my mom for Christmas because until this phone she still had a flip phone. She is very happy with it and has learned quickly how to use it. She had always said she wouldn't spend much on a phone but after she received this one I don't think she could go back to her old phone. I would recommend this phone to a friend.Early Christmas
Wife needed a new phone and an upgrade and this phone was ideal. Will be buying another phone this coming month.Super
This phone is faster than the samsung galaxy centura. I love that a few minutes after I set it up, all my photos, music & apps that I purchased on my previous phone instantlydownloaded. The Iimage quality is also an ugrade. Got a super cute case on amazon with rubber on the edges. Without this it would be very fragile. Have gps, so helpful! Have nothing bad to say about this phone!Smart, Stylish, Limitless!
i like this. you will too. get your's today.fab phone
This really is a great phone...it had all the qualities I was looking for...Good screen size...Light weight...Great Pictures...and much more. I admit I am skeptical when I buy a phone over $150 but Honestly It is worth it!Being Honest!
WIFE TOLD ME WHAT PHONE SHE WANTED, SHE EXPLORED THE FEATURES, AND LIKED THEM .JUST FOR THE WIFE
I love my new phone. I am very pleased with this purchase. It is easy to work and worth the money. It was shipped super fast and I got it in no time.Love my new phone! !!!!
My wife loved her gift. She smiled & gave me a big kiss. I was saved by the phone(smile)Thumbs Up!
Very pleased with this phone! Great phone at a great price!great purchase
Pleased, I love my galaxy phone.Love it!!
I did a lot of research before I purchased two of the phones, one for my wife and one for myself. We had no problems setting up both phones with the help of the Walmart associate. No problem setting up our email accounts and my wife's Face book account. We are now in the learning curve using some of the features on the phone. I would definitely recommend this product.Excellent product
I bought this for $200 on a one day sale...glad I did. It was an upgrade for me. I have had straight talk for over a year now and no problems. The phone itself is a goodie. The camera is so so. It does have a flash and you can take a selfie. It has all the normal stuff phones have. So far so good. :) I'd buy it again.Love it!
Phone is nice, ordered as a Christmas present very happy with purchase.
Delivery was faster than promised which was awesome!Great Purchase
I love this phone. It is worth the money spent. I already had a smartphone from Walmart so the transfer from my old phone to the new one was simple and stress freeSamsung
This is my first smart phone, its has met all my expectations. it was also easy to figure out how to use everything.Great Phone for the price
This phone and service is the greatest compare to what I was paying Verizon. I was paying $70 to $90 a month. I'm completely satisfied with straight talk. Just make sure you get the phone that runs on the Verizon towers.A super nice phone
I have been a Straight Talk person for years. Liked all the phones. Love this phone. It is Verizon. Can't go wrong.Love Love Love the Phone
This phone is awesome without being bulky!!! It does EXACTLY what it's supposed to do! The apps work well on it, the screen size is perfect for every app, the camera is great! I love everything about it!!!Powerhouse Phone!!!
I've never owned a phone like this. Taking some time to get used to it. But, it's amazing the quality. The camera, the graphics, the many ways this phone functions. Oh, and the 2 sided camera was unexpected too. This phone is absolutely a 5 star.Surprised.
Seems that they have worked out the bugs with this phone, it is a nice high end phone without the high end price.Made a great gift
It was an upgrade for my husband for Christmas. Although there are more expensive, newer models, this phone for the price didn't disapoint! Would recommend.Love it!
This phone was a Christmas gift for my husband. He is very pleased with the call quality and the snappy internet. There was no problem with transferring his number through Straight Talk, and the phone was up and running in minutes. This is so much better than his Samsung Proclaim, a wonderful upgrade. He loves it!!He loves it!
Bought this phone for my wife and myself for Christmas. Really great phone, love the features and the style.Great Phone
I bought this phone for myself and it is really great. I have had it about a week and the battery does real good. But I learned a lot with another Samsung galaxy phone and that was the SII. This one is slightly different but like I said I am still learning. The only problem I can see is that I haven't figure out how to save apps to my SD card.. That part is different from my older phone. But over all I am pleased. Been a Straight Talk customer over 4 years and very will pleased with their service.good phone
Love everything about it!!!Love my new phone!
So far so good! ... Still learning how to use my phone. I like the wideness of the screen so it easy to read and navigate as I like. Also large enough space for my e-books and nursing apps.Good phone
Zippy little phone. Came from a Galaxy s3 but got this as I wanted to drop the carrier and go with Straight. Very happy with phone and service. I admit, I mostly talk, check email and watch out to switch on for wifi so I do not use much data, but even our college son (who switched and kept a Galaxy S3) barely makes a dent in his 3GB per mo. Back to the phone.....1st I love the size! 4.5 screen is perfect...the S3 was just too bulky! I can slip this in pocket. Also like the good grip edge...my wife has a LG that is slippery to hold. Phones it seems are becoming more standardized in many ways..but the processor holds up to fast screen punching and action in general. I'm a happy camper. Just enough but not all the fluff and at a price that is friendly.Zippy little Android
What an upgrade from our previous verizon phone. Easy to use & works great !!!Great buy awesome phone !!!
Very nice phone.Easy to use,very functional and the internet service is really fast.Samsung Galaxy S3
Really ex-ceptional phone with sleek look. Wonderful rep when I called with a problem as well. Can't ask for a better phone!wonderful phone!
This smart phone is customer friendly. Being able to use a computer made it easy for me to learn the mechanics of this smart phone. Delivery was fast also.So easy to operate
Love this phoneNew Galaxy 3
This is an incredible phone. I am really impressed.awesome
The Samsung Galaxy phones are great. They are and have been in the lead as far as phones go. Quality is the best way to put it. Your not tied to the apple company all the time.Samsung Galaxy phones
Bought this for a friend of mine and she loves itlove it
my daughter loves itperfect.
This phone is great I have friends that had it and told me how good it was so I got it glade I did and the straight talk service on Verizon network is so good I did have sprint and a 4G phone sooooo slow this is 3G and twice as fast I love it !GREAT PHONE
I have only used this phone for about a week but so far no problems good service through straighttalk would but another but I think this one will last a long timeexcellent smartphone
This phone is awesome. Such a vast improvement over the Centura I had before. Best phone I've had. Not a single problem!Awesome
I had the dumbest smart phone ever. Love this phone!!!!Great
I love my new phone and I am glad that it is offered through StraigtTalk. I love the service you get through them. The phone is great.Samsung Rocks
This is an amazing phone for my teen son. He does a lot with this phone.galaxy s2
It took awhile before I decided to buy Samsung Galaxy S3. I read the reviews on the phone and I wish I had brought it before now, the phone is WONDERFUL!! I work in an area that does not have good cell service. This phone has great service in that area. I was so happy with the phone and service, I even brought my daughter one! This is a great buy for the money! I have use Straight Talk service for years, it is the best prepaid service for the money. Samsung Galaxy S3 is easy to use even for an old woman like myself!Great Buy and Great Service
I love this phone..work greatthumbs up
So far so good. I have had the Galaxy 1, 2 & now 3. Liked them all so far. Always buy the Protection plan Walmart offers. Best insurance you could ever buy. 100% of our money back.Galaxy III
It's very user friendly.a phone to the bone.
I have been a Straight Talk customer since day one and have purchased every one of my phones at Walmart. I love my samsung galaxy s3. it's easy to operate especially for someone who is older like mepick me, pick me
We ordered two of these phones. They arrived on time and in good condition. We're very pleased with them. Living out in the middle of nowhere, we still get a decent signal (it may only be two bars, but I'm not dropping calls) and the 3G will often work when the home network is iffy. I didn't think I would use the apps as much as I do. I can do everything (from scheduling my family's calendar to making shopping and to-do lists) on my phone. The only thing I wasn't crazy about was the lack of refill options from the phone. You can get an app from straighttalk but it keeps the wifi on instead of using 3G. Or you can call to refill your service. I miss having an add airtime menu. I like the phone too much for that to be a major complaint though.:)
It does everything and is easy use : )Love it!
phone is nice. I have used Straight Talk for many years without any problems or dropped calls. This phone does not seem to get a very good signal but I have contacted them and they offered to help.New cell phone
I bought it for my daughter and it does everything she wants.Great phone
This phone works soooo much better than the small screen LG that I was using. No complaints.Great phone for straight talk
Does everything the expensive ones do except camera only 8 megapixels but unless you are buying it for the camera aspects....then why spend the extra money?Nice phone
This is a phone that is basically problem free. I have StraightTalk and the coverage is great. I have not been sorry i bought it. .This is a great phone for the price.
This phone met my need for a larger screen and storage for more apps. The camera takes decent photos. I use this phone with an SD card for additional storage. I'm still learning about my new phone and so far have no regrets.Luv My Phone
Great bargain!WORKS GREAT!
Love the phone, a great upgrade from my old straight talk. And it was so easy. All I had to do was enter the ser# and all done.
I did find out I had to use the Android App for texting instead of my old one in order to duplicate the function.The easiest upgrade ever Thanks to Straight Talk
i LOVE this phone. it doesn't mess up at all. no problems with it. ii get good service with it, love skyping with my love ones and its easy to download apps and everything.wow
The phones awesome im happy with it.Awesome
only problem is, as with the galaxy Sll when you go to put it put it to sleep your finger on the other side lowers the volumeVery nice
some straight talk smart phones don't give you all the features that come with contract phones, but I'm pretty impressed with the galaxy s3 so far. I still think it's overpriced though.love this phone so far
Good Phone and works well off of Verizon towers. But needs a cheaper price tagGreat phone and the price needs to be lower
This is a good phone for 3G verizon network. The bluetooth is a little bit weak by comparing with iphone 4.Very good phone for 3G data
Very good productGreat features
Nice phone with nice features but not worth the price. Very good cameras front and back. It does use verizon towers according to the box. I ungraded from the LG showtime which is a great phone. I am satisfied with purchase except for the price I had to pay.nice phone bad price
I LOVE IT!!!greta present for my husband
Phone works great and it was a decent price.Great phone
Got the Sprint version first and had to return it because I couldn't get any reception. Got the Verizon version and it works very good here in Miami. Phone is a little expensive but service costs pay for it within 6 months.Nice phone, decent network
This phone is very practical. Easy to use. Like the size. I don't need a very fancy phone. This one has everything I needed. It's very food value.Good phone
Lets start with it arrived several days prior to expected arrival date. My first experience with a large android phone and I'm absolutely loving it. The camera is awesome and it syncs with my heart monitor app. Would recommend it to anyone.Just what I wanted in a phone
Pros:
Good size phone, not too small. Good design. Super easy to Navigate and use daily. You can keep it simple or get into complex business management scenarios Contacts, Apps, software, tools. Best of all the CDMA-V PROVIDES THE BEST RECEPTION AND DATA. Camera is good. Works great with HP eprint to print paperwork and photos wirelessly. This phone 1.5 processor is outstanding.

Cons: there are a few built in apps you cannot delete very easily. You dont have to see them but they may run in background. This is with all smart phones. .annoying.great phone simple to use rich features!
Overall great quality phone and does as it promises to do.Great sound quality.
The phone does everything!GERAT TELEPHONE
I love it only complaint is battery life.good buy
I was so happy when I saw that straight talk had this phone. I purchased it as soon as I could. I'm loving this phone. It was definitely an upgrade.Great Phone
This a great phone but at $400 it needs a new software update.

I bought the galaxy s3 to replace the galaxy centura because it (galaxy centura) was locking up and freezing. I have no complaint except the galaxy S3 is pricey and NEEDS A NEW SOFTWARE UPDATE.

And for battery life, it is better than I thought. I actually got 9 to 9.5 hours. All I did was change some settings. It also depends on how much you use it. For me the battery life is not bad. It is how you use the phone that determines how long the battery lasts (HINT: POWER SAVE FEATURE ANYONE?????).

Give the galaxy s3 a new update and I will give it 5 stars like it deserves to have.Great phone - BUT NO UPDATE!?
This is a good phone. I feel the price was a bit high but got it on special w/ $100 gift card payback so that made it a little more reasonable. Great screen size, respectable processor time but no FM radio. Maybe not important to some but I thought at this price it would be a given. I prefer Motorola Droid series but had problems trying to tie one onto my ST account so went with this phone. Maybe I got a little spoiled w/ my last phone but I find this phone cost more and has less built in features, also draws a weaker tower signal. I'll keep it for now.Samsung Galaxy S III
I ordered this phone when I decided to switch carriers. So far I really like it. I was happy to see it didn't come pre-loaded with a lot of apps I would never use. The phone works great and is pretty user friendly.good phone
I am enjoying my purchase. I'm learning the features and enjoying the size.excited about my cell phone
The only problem I've had so far is last night I had 4 texts that didn't come through until this morning. Other than that I love this phone.Awesome phone
I really like the picture and sound quality. Took me a little bit to maneuver around some of the settings, which could have been a little more simplified to save time. Overall I love my Galaxy S3.Great upgrade
I just recently bought this phone for my daughter and she loves it. Straight talk had a great deal with a good warranty option in case anything may happen to the device. It is pretty strong and durable though.

This review has been written as part of a deed for the Straight Talk Rewards Club but all opinions are my own. Please visit straighttalk.fancorps.com to learn more.Great gift
I was a little worried about getting such a phone, since I hadn't changed phones in years. Thought maybe it would be to much to learn. I was wrong! This phone is a great phone. Even for those that don't know much about the internet, games or social media.. You can learn and do it all from this phone. Like having a mini laptop where ever you go. I recommend it to all my family and friends!
This review has been written as part of a deed for the Straight Talk Rewards Club but all opinions are my own. Please visit straighttalk.fancorps.com to learn more.Does all you need!
Most of the GS3 phones by straight talk at Wal-Mart go through Sprint towers(CDMA-S), this one goes through Verizon towers(CDMA-V), which is why I bought it. Be sure to do your research if one type is better for you than the other, here Sprint is about useless so I waited till I found a Verizon version. Phone is awesome, a great upgrade from my GS2.Verizon towers version
its a good phone but the software needs to be updated Straight Talk won't let you do it, a 3G phone on Verizon towers.samsung galaxy s3
I love my Straight Talk Galaxy S3. I had a very hard time trying to find an S3 that ran off of Verizon towers. This was an amazing deal with the $100 Walmart card bundle. Cheapest price I found by far. I have low vision and with the 4.8" screen and ability to enlarge font, I have little problems seeing the screen. Only complaint is the FedEx SmartPost Shipping. The phone would have been delivered 2-3 days earlier if it had been shipped straight FedEx or straight USPS.Absolutely LOVE this phone
Everything about this product is awesome except the battery life.awesome!
I absolutely love this phone, the only downfall is that I can't do some of the options that attracted me to this phone. The hand mOvements don't work, I can't do the tap to top.But other than that this phone is awesome.Awesome phone...but
I am very happy with my phone. It is awesome! The only thing I would change is the alarm clock tone choices. I can barely hear it. Other than that I have no complains.awesome!
GREAT PRICEgreat phone
Love itcell phone
Great phone for a really good price on $45 monthly prepaid.great phone
Overall good phone. Large screen. Cool features. I enjoy using it.great phone
the only thing I didn't like was the internet service on the phone is terrible it only works great with wifiIts a good phone
I've only had the StraightTalk Samsung Galaxy S3 a short time but so far I love the larger screen, the front & back cam with a flash and verizon tower network, to name just a few pros. The only con is the price, which knowing my luck this phone will come down in price now that the sg5 is coming out :-(StraightTalk Samsung Galaxy SIII
Love the phone, but had a hard time getting it.cell phone
OK, here's my take on the Samsung Galaxy S3. It's BIG, it's attractive and it's fairly easy to use, this being my first smartphone. The instruction booklets that came with the phone don't give all the instructions you need so I googled and there are plenty of helpful tips out there. The biggest plus for me..it's a prepaid plan with StraightTalk. $45/mo. unlimited talk, text and data as opposed to Verizon, AT&T, etc. charging twice as much.
Taking a picture is a snap ;) really nice and clear.
Since I have the phone for only two weeks there's still more to learn I'm sure. The only thing I do not like, so far, it's hard to see the screen in bright daylight. Great indoors though. Is this all smartphones?Pretty, BIG, Phone
Great productGreat
Haven't had any problems with this phone.Great phone.
I researched many new phones ,for the money the galaxy s3 is a good buy. Then I researched new cell phone companies I choose Straight Talk for the no contract program and the fact that the Galaxy S3 I purchased runs off of Verizon towers. I thought great! I did the $45 a month plan with nation wide coverage. Two days after I get my phone, I leave the state to travel three hours away and I loose complete service for four days, nothing notta zilch. So I get ahold of a Straight Talk rep. They can't help me, wow! I'm floored! Plus I was supposed to get a $50 walmart gift card inwhich I have not received yet, but I got a great phone with four days of lost service which they cannot comp me for! It's against their rules they said.Great cell phone
I luv this phone. I have the S2 and it's a great phone too. The S3 is fast, stylish with a bigger screen. For it to he on Straight Talk and on Verizon 3G network, it does a great job. I'm just waiting for them to get the S4 on either Verizon or AT&T!!!Me likie!!!!!!
I am enjoying my new Samsung Galaxy S3 from straight talk. It has been easy to use and find my apps that I had on my previous phone and many others.Great value for straight talk phone
Pricey phone.. service isn't the greatest. I hate that it doesn't have its own photo editing in with the photos.great so far
A great phone with a great carrier. Straight Talk is just as good as Verizon at a much better price. Highly recommend.Awesome phone and awesome deal.
Good product, more features than an average phone.great phone
I up graded from galaxy s to s3, it has been doing what I need it for. Just hope I don't have battery problems like I did for galaxy s.Great phone
This phone is loaded with what I need ! Samsung puts out very good products as far as I am concerned ! Thanks Samsung !Nice phone , but the price could be lower !
Gd productPhone
Had this phone for a few weeks now. Only problem I have with it is the auto correct doesn't place the words for you like most cell phones do and puts in random letters and spaces. Otherwise LOVE the phone!! =)Love the phone
Luv my new phone.A very helpful product
This is my first phone and I found it pretty easy to navigate.Great Phone
enjoy it so fargood so far
Ordered and received on time and in good shape.Excellent Device
This was one of the easiest names I've had to do online and well worth itgalaxy s3 from Walmart
This product is good but is expensive becuse there are already more recent models. Works good.Good!
I left VZW because they were simply too expensive. After much research of the other carriers, several of my Facebook friends suggested that I try StraightTalk. I was skeptical because I didn't want a "pre-paid" phone. I decided to give it a try. I purchased this phone (which was a bit outdated and steeply priced, but there's no way around that except Craigslist and that isn't the safest route). I have had very good reception and only 2 dropped calls in a month. I love this device and the service I get is outstanding. My plan is to purchase the year-long plan and be done with cell phone payments for an entire year! I can only imagine!Goodbye Verizon Wireless!
I find this unit is a positive upgrade from my previous LG touch-screen phone from Straight Talk. It's easy to use & understand.Excellent upgrade from previous LG phone
For $299.00 I got the best android on the ST market. The only problem I have encountered is that I am unable to save my apps to my sd card, and straight talk won't upgrade us to the latest version. Other than that I am happy with my first smart phone.GREAT BUY
The phone is great. Still learning the things it can do. Had to take first purchase back because the sd card would not go into the slot fully. Exchange made and this one is working fine. Only thing I noticed wrong was under settings, storage, sd card, mount card and format (erase) card were side by side. It would be very easy for someone with large or shaky fingers to hit the wrong button. So be Very..... careful.Great phone
The phone is great for the price but the android OS won't update at all can this maybe be fixed at some pointGreat phone
I bought this phone for my brother as a gift!Nice phone
The Samsung Galaxy S3 is simple, smooth, and easy to like. It "makes sense" moreso than some of the android smartphones I've had. But it does have the eccentric quirks that I have also come to know with androids (e.g., opening apps on its own) and for that I give it 4 stars.So Far So Good
The only down side for me, is the earpiece sound could be louder. I sometimes have a hard time hearing the person, also when I put it on speaker I think it could be louder. Overall it is a nice phone.Nice size screen.
Smart looking phone that works for really well.smart looking phone.
very good phone, I like it but like most phones it's functions are limited in certain areas where we livegood but limited functions at home
This CDMA phone is a great upgrade from what I had. I live in Maine so it was important for me to get a phone that used Verizon towers but without the access to 4g it's download time and refresh time is stagnant. 3g is only available through straight talk. I also had to buy an Otter Box defender for it to protect it. I understand that the glass screen brakes very easily. The battery lasts about 24 hours with minimal use and I think the life should be longer. With that said I am happy with the purchase so far (it's been a week). And happy to have the 11gb memory and Verizon service without paying Verizon prices.Good sized phone but no 4G
This is a very nice android phone for the money. Pre-pay plan with straight talk. No contract. Voice text. Gd memory, camera works well. Cannot tether or use as a hot spot. More recent models galaxy S4 and S5 are available for more $.
I am very satisfied w this product. Support by Samsung is good. I had a question about backing up contacts. It backs up to your gmail email acct so set up a gmail acct. if u lose phone or drop it in water u can still look at contacts on Gmail (I could not do it on my ipad, but cld see it under drop down on top left of google when on the gmail on windows based computer).Good android for $. More recent model avail
We can't afford to be the first on the block with all the new technology. Everyone we know who owned or owns a Galaxy3, raved/s about it, so we waited until it came down in price so we could buy 2. Compared to our previous "smart phones" by Samsung, which were adequate but certainly not cutting edge, the Galaxy3 is like being on a new planet! The price at WalMart is as good, if not better, than Amazon. We had to replace our old Samsung phones 3X within a year for mechanical failures, so we'll hold our breaths for a while and see if the Straight Talk phones hold up longer.So far, so good!
You get what you pay. It is an OK phone (2012 technology).Good cell phone for everyday basic use
I love my phoneworth the price
would like to have seen more out of this phonegood phone for a stater
A very good phone for aging eyes. The fact that it's a Straight Talk phone with Verizon service makes it that much better.Right choice for me!
I like this phone it's fast and the perfect size.straight talk Samsung galaxy s3
I love this phone. I'm still an amateur with electronics but this product exceeds my expectations. I think apple needs to catch up.Good product!
Works well. Doesnt get 4g as shown on box but am very happy with performance.
Just swapped out sim cards and walmart programmed with new #. Will never use verizon services again.samsung s3
I have this phone less than a month so I am still learning all that it is capable of .... so far I do like it ....I just need to get me a protective case to keep it safe..!!!So far so good !!!
I purchased this phone for myself and liked it so much that I got one for my husband as well. It does way more than I need it to do but is nice to know that if I decide to use certain features that they will be aval. The pictures it takes are good and the phone is easy to use if you are already familiar with a Android. It is great for people that are tech savvy to a certain extend. People that like all the latest technology might think it is outdated somewhat but otherwise it does more than enough.Nice phone
This phone is fantastic. I'm no developer but I am pretty tech savvy and love my electronics. This phone Is amazing for the price of 149 on a black friday deal. My only kavetch is the battery. I'm on my phone approx 18 hours a day and I had to charge it about twice a day though it does charge fast. Otherwise the voice command and camera are amazing its really fast. Overall I'm extremely happy with it and love that its only 45 dollars a month. This was my first real smart phone and its amazing. you can even print out a website if you fancy just like a laptop. Little stuff like that they don't mention but it has so many features. I'm in love!amazing phone!!!!
Item is nice and much easier to handle than the newer versions of the phone.Great phone and easier than the newer ones to use.
I upgraded from a Galaxy Proclaim to this S3 and absolutely LOVE it. The screen is so large and clear, and the phone is SO easy to use. The one complaint I do have is that the contact icon (synced from Google) when I receive incoming calls is pixelated (apparently a known issue)...but I could care less about cosmetic issues.

I would recommend this phone in a heartbeat!LOVE IT!!
I bought this phone for my husband and he loves it! It works great so far and we have had it for about 3 weeks. The battery life with normal use is about 2 days. The applications were easy to download and the information from my husbands old phone was easy to transfer. The shipping time was not as fast as it was supposed to be it actually came a few days late but the overall product was good.Great phone
2 weeks in and I have no complaintssatisfied
I like the phone a lot!
Samsung provides a vast number of options, this being my first usable smart phone, I'm still learning how to use all of the functions.
I just hope it doesn't break on me, since the customer service leaves something to be desired.Samsung Galaxy SIII works well
This phone & plan was a gift for my daughter. She loves it and the Straight Talk plan works very well for her needs and budget, as she's a fulltime student. I thought the price of the phone itself was rather high, but it has the features she wanted.talk isn't cheap, but it IS cool!
It takes nice pitures easy to use. I been with straighttalk and wanted to upgrade for awhile black friday $149 sold .I would have gave it 5 stars but only had it for 3 weeks my friends who had this phone for acouple years love it and told me I woul be very happy and I am.very nice
So far, the Galaxy S3 has been terrific for me. Besides being a good phone for calling and texting, it is "simply terrific" for online uses. I previously had a Galaxy Proclaim and had such success with it, I knew I wanted to upgrade to the S series. When I saw such a good sale price on the S3, I couldn't resist and I am glad I made such a good decision. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is that I haven't had it long enough to explore all it can do, but I'm confident that in time I could give it 5 stars.Simply Satisfying S3
I was able to purchase this phone for $199.00 and I think that is a fair price. I am not sure I would pay the current asking price of $279.00. It meets my needs for now but I am looking forward to additional price drops for the S4 since there is no way I can afford the S5. The features on the phone are good for the most part but I was a bit disappointed in the quality of the pictures it takes. All in all, I think it is a very good phone at the price of $199.00.Good phone for the price
The price was good for the phone. It does exactly what it says it does. Haven't had any problems so far. Loving my phone.

P'Cola, FLAwesome phone
easy to set up through "straight talk", 5 minutes at most. a great price plus a $50 gift card to Walmart.
Glad I got one. works as well as a "I phone" for a lot less.
Harold Da great phone (ie. hand-held computer)
The phone is great. It freezes on occasions but other than that, I like it. Great reception.Great phone !!
Great phone, no issuesGreat Phone !!
I upgraded from the S2 to the S3. It has fixed many of the issues I was having with the S2. Much better interface. More power. Good Buy.solid functioning phone
The only problem with the phone so far, was a slight problem with slow charging. A factory data reset resolved that. Otherwise, an amazing phone.nifty neato
This is a great phone, probably too much phone for my type of usage, but I am getting used to it an slowly learning how to use it.Too smart phone
This is a good phone. Better than the other prepaid phones I've had from Straight Talk. Bigger and better screen resolution and fast processesing. Still... it is an old model phone... data speed is 3G not 4G LTE... and stuck with Android Jelly Bean with no upgrades to KitKat or Lollipop for that matter.

I'm happy with my purchase.. I could have waited the two months and got one of the new 4G LTE phones that came out with Android KitKat.. but I would be complaining about screen resolution and such.good old model phone
The only reason I would upgrade this phone is for a bigger screen. Otherwise, it does everything I need and more.review
This phone is a great product. Easy to use.Great phone
Only thing I don't like about the phone is that I have to go outside to get good reception.Nice phone features
Good phone lots of features.Samsung S3
Like the size, what I have been wanting. Takes pretty good pictures too. Reception is about the same as all the cell phones I have owned. If you are near the city its great, we live in the country, you have hot spots. The Bluetooth doesn't work as good as my old phone. I'm not sure if it is not syncing well with my car. You can dial the number and use it that way, but you cant call the name out and it dial for you. The price I got it for was a deal for me also.Samsung Galaxy S3
It works well. Wish it were easier to determine service carrier.Samsung Galaxy S3
Phone was great problem was it was for Verizon network only so I returned the phone because they tried to make me change my phone number.Verizon network
works great! at my age i thought I would have a problem working it and learning the phone , but that did not happen.So far...So good
Very good but hard to see in sunlight. Especially when taking pictures.Good
Everything works great.just what ordered
So far, I am pleased with my new Galaxy S3, however, I am terribly disappointed with the battery. it needs charging every single day and I barely use it. Perhaps it is a bad battery because it was like this from the first day of use.Great texting, camera
The processor is slow. The battery life is only one day. Very average phone nothing special. Phone reception not very good.It's ok.
The activation process was awkward, as the rep didn't speak English very well. Phone works well and is easy to learn. Pricing is greatfor those on a tight budget.phone's nice
Samsung Galaxy SIII has so far been a good phone for me. The battery life is a little disappointing, and the price is a little steep. It's an SIII. The newest phone out now is the S5, but other that that everything is great.Oldie but goodie
It freezes up now and then. I have to reboot it more than I'd like. Not impressed.It's just o.k.
I bought this phone based on great reviews online. I had an LG before this and had no service problems. Now with the galaxy I loose service, and my 3g constantly goes off and it says 1x instead. Also my battery gets crazy hot randomly threwout the day, & the battery dies quick. The camera works great and all my apps work great too. The set up was easy to.not good
Im disappointed in this purchase. A friend of mine had this phone and I checked it out and loved it. So my husband and I bought these for ourselves. Everything else is okay with the phone besides talking on the phone. Both mine and my husbands have this echo and static in the background. For the money we spent and there brand new..we shouldn't have a problem like this. Save your money.. this is not a quality phone.NOT A GOOD BUY!
They won't unlock my phone and hung up on me. I have an expensive unusable phone now.Won't unlock phone
Love the phone, hate the service
If i had known it was a trac phone i never would have bought it. Very disapointedtrac phone
This phone is a big disappointment. The main problem is that it is clogged with junk that I don't want and can't be removed. It has plenty of internal memory but that don't matter as it has 2GB of ram. Once all the junk updates, it quickly uses up 1.2 GB of the 1.5GB of useable ram. Then the phone starts to perform poorly and locks at times.
Meanwhile I have % 90 free internal memory and% 99 free memory on my SD card.
There is no reason why the junk that's clogging the ram shouldn't be removable but it's not.
Then the android keyboard was replaced with a Samsung keyboard. Even with the settings correct the stupid thing does not automatically correct type O's.
This phone may have been ok 3 years a go, but now it's no good unless you root it and use the SD card for ram. Then you take a chance on bricking it, but it's not much
Never again will I get suckered into a cheap substandard phone again!
better than a brick anyway so I guess there is not much left to lose.Not Happy
I have had a problem with this phone since I got it. Everyone that I talk with says that they hear an echo when speaking with me. I have called Straight Talk twice about this issue and they claim to have fixed the problem, It works for a few days then I'm right back at square one with the same issue. I need a new phone or my money back cause I should not have this problem with a brand new phoneEchos...
ST does not roam. No matter what phone, no matter what network. Expect your data connect and other features to come and go. Test thoroughly before proceeding.Straight Talk Does NOT ROAM
The response time is very slow after pressing any of the buttons. The internet is behind the times. It only has 3G capability.Overall the phone is outdated. Poor performance with every feature.Poor
