I purchased this after having purchased 2 HP, both of which experienced hard drive failures within days of purchasing each laptop.

I needed something that would allow me to work on line and this computer is excellent for that purpose.

When turned on, the Windows OS loads very quickly, probably less than 30 seconds.

The keyboard is a nice size. Keys are raised up just a bit to make typing easier.

Programs load quickly.

Wifi is responsive with webpages loading quickly. Videos load quickly and run with no buffering. (of course some of that is dependent upon the ISP connection)

Mouse pad and keys are responsive..perhaps a little too sensitive..but that can be adjusted. The keys on the mouse pad are a little stiff. I did purchase a wireless mouse to use when working documents because it is just easier to scroll through a document using the "wheel" on the mouse.

Screen is a nice size..15.6 inches.

Speaker/sound quality is excellent.

HDMI / USB ports/headphone jack are all on one side

It has a disk drive but I really have much use for it, but I am sure it's fine.

It comes loaded with the usual windows programs.

My only concern is the power cord seems kind of flimsy and it would not take much for a pet to chew it in half. But again, power cords can be replaced.

Over all, for my purposes of working online, internet searches, social media updates, I am very satisfied with this purchase.Excellent laptop especially for the price
We purchased two of these laptops at our local Walmart, and although concerned with the quality considering the inexpensive price, we were pleasantly pleased. The case it very light (and cheap plastic), so I was a bit concerned when we opened the package. Yet once we turned it on, I was impressed by its speed. Startup is really fast and loading a program, Internet, app is almost instant. I'd definitely recommend this to anyone who is looking for a good, inexpensive laptop.Great value for price...
I recently bought this laptop 3days ago I love it i have many laptops but this is my favorite one i had recommend it to many people .In they have enjoyed it .The computer is very light weight and faster than i expected it too be it say 2.16ghz to 2.40ghz but the pc is way faster topping out at 2.55ghz which is really good for they price .I use my laptop for gaming and everyday use in it handles the gaming aspect of things every well i must say i can run just about everything . The look in fell of the computer doesn't feel cheap too me at all .the plastic is just lighter than older pc . I have gotten a little more than 3:30 of battery life time . The display is nice in bright in clear the keyboard is smooth.
All in all the pc is a good value for what you getting . It may take time to get a hang of the new operating system but once you figure that out you good too goJust Wonderful
I decided to get this Asus, as I didn't want to spend a lot of money. I don't need anything fancy since all I do is surf the web, email, Facebook, etc. I've only had this laptop for a few days, so my review will be based on that. It was very easy to set up. There was no manual with it, but that seems to be the norm these days when you buy a laptop. The speaker is good, and screen is very nice. I like using a wireless mouse, and at first it was frustrating since the touch pad was also enabled, causing the curser to go psycho on me. Usually there is a place in the control panel to disable the touch pad, but not so with this Asus. I did some research, and found out it can be disabled by pushing the fn key located at the bottom of the keyboard along with the f9 key at the top. Presto, the touch pad is disabled. It is a little slower loading pages than the HP laptop I previously had, but for the price, I can live with that. I would never buy another HP though, as I had nothing but problems with it from the beginning. If you're looking for a decent laptop for less money, I think you will be happy with this one.Can't beat it for the price
I never owned an ASUS computer before so when I bought it, I was skeptical at first. I reluctantly had to buy a computer when my first computer failed after 6 years. So after searching a lot of websites, I came to this computer here. The shipping was great, and free, and it came after a few days of me buying it. When it came, I was thoroughly impressed with the size and the look. When I turned it on, it loaded up within seconds (which I was definitely impressed with). This computer is said to last a long time, which I hope it does. I have no complaints with this computer, and it definitely exceeded my expectations. I would definitely recommend this computer for anyone who is looking for a computer.Exceeded My Expectations
went to my local wal-mart store to pick up my laptop after ordering it off wal-mart site got home and opened it i charge it for 1 hour then tried to turn it on it would not turn on plus it happened again when i bought it at my local store tohorrable pc
