I have bought 4 of these. One recently for my mom in her car. A few months ago we were hit by a drunk driver on I 10 in Beaumont, TX who was going about 100 miles an hour...he hit my daughter's side of our truck. We had gone up on to a concrete barrier and slid down it about for about 200 ft...truck completely totaled. My daughter didn't know what happened but wasn't shaken. The car seat had kept her head from whipping side to side. Even the fire fighters who showed up on scene commented on how awesome this seat was. So because it was in a wreck I had to buy a new one and we have one in our other vehicle too. It saved my daughter's life on top of someone up above looking out for my whole family in the truck that evening.Fantastic
We were recently in a very bad car accident, I rolled my F-150 pick up truck going 65 mph. I had bought this car seat more for style than anything. It was a life saver. My 2 year old son was in this seat and the car seat held up the roof of the truck! My husband and I had critical injuries but my son walked away without a scratch! The seat saved my son's life! I have since then bought 3 more seats just like this one. People say I'm crazy for spending the extra money but how can you put a price on something that saved your children's life. Absolutly would recommend this carseat to ANYONE!life saver
I bought this seat two weeks ago for my six-year-old and we both love it. She's pretty close to 40 pounds and was about to outgrow her current seat. I'd like her harnessed a little longer in one of our vehicles that has "backseat issues". I was thrilled when this seat came out. I really like Graco products and since this was more of a want than a need, I couldn't justify $300 for some of the other higher-weight-harnessing seats.
Putting it together was a little weird. It was difficult to pop the arm rests in. It's supposed to make a click, but it was a very quiet sound. They must be in right, though, because she puts her weight on them getting in and out and they haven't wiggled.
The strap adjuster took some time to get used to. It has a shield over the release so a child can't loosen the straps. But this also means you can't see it, so you have to feel around for it.
The cupholder is great. It actually holds a real bottle of water rather than just a sippy cup. Big kids use water bottles!
I've installed it in my Camry with the lap/shoulder seatbelt and it went in like a dream. It will eventually be in the Jeep Cherokee. Although I haven't tried it in there, I don't anticipate any problems.
The headrest sticks when you raise and lower it, but it should loosen up and that won't need to be done all that often, anyway.
Be sure to pay attention to the specifics. Children must be one year old and weigh 20 pounds (both, not either/or) to use this seat and it's forward-facing only. Even though you can use it at 20 pounds, I'd recommend leaving your child rear-facing until 30-35 pounds (depending on the seat) in a convertible seat. Not only will your child be much safer, you'll get more use out of the Nautilus. Since it expires after six years, if you buy it for a one year old, it'll expire when he's seven and you'll need to buy another booster. If you buy it when the child is three, it'll be good up to age nine when most kids can go into a seatbelt.Great carsesat!
This is an awesome seat! My son (a BIG 28mo. old- 38lbs/39") absolutely LOVES it! I love that it harnesses to 65lbs and will more than likely actually get him to 65lbs in a harness because of the harness slot height! (keeping your preschool'er in a 5 point harness until they are mature enough for a booster (usually age 6) is the safest thing you can do for your child) When he's ready for a booster, it will make a great belt positioning booster seat. Don't waste your money on anything else...this seat has it all!Love it!
I bought this as a back up seat for my 5 year old in my husbands car. he typically rides in a Britax Regent, but I didnt want to spend that much on an occasional use seat. I'm very impressed. He has lots of growing room. The pad is to be removed when the harness isnt on the lowest setting. I plan on replacing my daughters seat with one with she has outgrown her seat RF. We practice extended rear facing(my daughter is 27 months old and still RF) and exntended harnessing. This seat really does fill a gap that is needed in the car seat market. Great job Graco!Great seat!!
We have a Britax Marathon and we were looking for a backup seat for grandma's car/etc when we found this one.
The only thing I cared about in a seat was that it harnessed longer than 40lbs, and this one does! up to 65lbs!
We got it home and had to keep it in the living room for about a week because my daughter fell in love with it. I love that it has a cup holder and cubby holes on both arm rests for all her little things she's just gotta take with us in the car.
my daughter is 3.5 years old 36inches tall and 38lbs
She's still on the bottom slot for the belts on this one with the headrest pushed all the way down so this seat will last a very long time, also it turns into a booster after 65lbs, which means we don't need to buy another seat ever again for her!
The set up was a little funky, but after looking in the book it wasn't hard to figure out. Easy to install for either the latch system or in my case normally, the seat belt.
We've only used it a couple times, but my daughter looks very comfortable in her new seat! The britax seat only has one more slot left, so I think she'll be out of that one in height WAY before this one!
I reccomend it to Everyone looking for a seat that harnesses for longer, but is less pricey than other seats that do the same thing.
Thank you Graco for making this Seat!!Awesome Seat!
This carseat is fantastic! I also, like some of the others have a big 2 1/2 year old. I did a ton of research a couple of months ago to find a big booster for him and at that time, I found the Evenflo generations seat. I liked it, but then I happened to see this one in Wal-mart. The Evenflo is being returned! Oh my word, I knew I would have to have it. Of course the store I was in only had the display model. I had to call around to all of the surrounding stores to see if they had one, even though the online info. said they did, some did not have one. I finally found one and they held if for me. So I drove an hour (which took me almost 2 hours) in the snow and picked it up. I'm so glad that I did! We love it!
It's big and sturdy and will hold up to my son. I don't feel like it's going to break when I set him in it and I love that it can grow with him. The other seat we had, the straps were already to the highest position, in this one, we still have one to go! The head rest is awesome. He fell asleep in it for the first time today and his head held in place, unlike the other one. He loves it. Oh, and the straps are so easily adjusted, it's a dream come true! I recommend this to anyone. Good luck finding one. I called Graco and yes, right now for awhile Wal-Mart is the only store to have them and they are hard to find. Be patient and WAIT for this seat, I promise you'll be glad you did!WON-DER-FUL!!!!!
My husband and I bought this carseat for our 3yr old son...We already had another one, but wanted to get another one so we could both have one in both of our trucks. That way we would not have to switch it out, if my husband was gonna take him somewhere in his truck. Anyways, I did a lot of looking around and reading the reviews of many carseats, and decided on this one. I do like how the 5 point harness goes up to 65 pounds. My son is already 3 ft 5 in at 3 yrs old...tall for his age, and weighs about 42 pounds, so this is perfect for him.

I did read the reviews about how it is not a good one for sleeping, how it doesnt really recline too good. Well, I dont know if it depends on what car/truck you have...but, in my 2008 Dodge Truck (quad cab) it is perfect....I guess it is how my seats are, because my husband didnt even have to recline it back...it is already perfectly reclined for my son. So, his head will not be leaning forward if he falls asleep in it.

I love that it has a cup holder.....my son thinks it is the coolest thing!

My son and I will be driving up to Northern California in May to go visit my new nephew, and I am very comfortable knowing that he will be comfy and safe in it as well. It will be about a 6 hour drive for us...and I know he will be just fine!

I would definitely recommend this!!!LOVE IT.....
We purchased 4 of these after deciding to harness our small children past 40lb. Our children are not going to be tall enough to use the seat belt correctly on the cheaper seats we had in daddy's car, and our better seats didn't fit in his car correctly.......so we started all over with these.

Our kids are 2 (20lb 32 in) and 4.5 (33lb 40 in) and love them. Our 4 year old can buckle and unbuckle himself, which is helpful. Our 2 year old loves the fact hers is just like brothers. They each love the little cubbies and can both reach their drink. Both kids have slept comfortably in them as well.

They were easy to set up and install and installed rock solid in both our Chevy Uplander and Buick Rainer. I will say the seat is a bit heavy, but we don't ever take ours out. Their safety means more to us now than ever since a stint in the hospital for one.

I am glad we took our pediatrican's advice and got new ones so we could harness them longer.
We purchased 2 in store, and then ordered 2 more on line.......saved $15 on the second set.Great for us
My wife and I struggled through a sea of car seats as our first born out grew his rear facing seat. So many to choose from at so many different prices. We typically worry and just pay top dollar for things because it's our baby after all. We found this one on many different websites all with great reviews. Wal-Mart had the best price - low enough to make us worried about quality. Let me tell you - this seat is great! Our son isn't a "car baby" and frequently would cry the whole time in the car. On the FIRST trip facing forward and comfortable in this great seat he was smiling and laughing. Huge transformation. We just did an impromptu 21 hour (each way) road trip for Thanksgiving from Mass to Florida to visit family. Despite everyone I know calling me crazy for the trip with a baby (15 months old) who hates car rides, it was no problem. He loved it and barely made a fuss. Only difference was this seat. Sounds crazy but we love it.Awesome Seat Great Price at Wal-Mart
I have a 6yr old, 4yr old, and 2 yr old and have been a very loyal Britax customer and have owned two Roundabouts, two Regents, and two Parkways over the past five and a half years and thought I would never use anything else but I am very happy with this seat and plan on buying two more. I had two Regents and a Roundabout in my car and it was a tight fit and on top of that I couldn't stand how difficult the Regents are to get in and out of the car. They are so heavy and very awkward to handle. They take up a lot of room and while they are very nice after two years I just can't handle the difficulty of taking them in and out anymore. I put all my Britax's up for sale and I'm changing all three of my kids seats to the Graco Nautilus's. Here is what I like about these seats that I believe are lacking in the Regents...
*Cup Holder
*Lighter
*The 3 in 1 feature
*Easier for my kids to buckle and unbuckle themselves
*Took me way less time to install even considering the fact that I put it together in the trunk of my suv in the Walmart parking lot.
*Price
*Height, I like that it sits up a bit higher so my kids can see out better
*Size, saves me several inches of room in my suv
All in all the Regents are nice if you never take them out and if you have two or fewer kids in your car. They do seem to be made of higher quality materials however I have three and do have to take the seats in and out on a few occasions and can't stand the hassle anymore. Love these seats and hope you at least give them a try before you did what I did and spend $280 per Britax seat.So far so Great!
This car seat has it all! This is one stop shopping for children OVER a year or over 35 pounds! Only reason I gave it 4 stars is because it does not say anywhere on the box or in the description that this is a front facing seat only. It is dangerous to put an infant in a front facing seat until they meet the requirements so I had to purchase an "interim" seat. My son had outgrown the infant seat, but not yet ready to face forward.
That said, this seat looks great, is very comfortable, and will be able to grow with my child. I tested it out in my Subaru Forrester and it fits perfectly and works great with the latch system.Awesome Product
Excellent car seat. Wish I had this with my first three. However, some display signs may lead one to believe that it is a rear facing seat. It is not.

I still love it and would recommend it to family ; )Not rear facing!
I purchased this car seat in December of 2012. In June of 2013, I was in a serious, high speed car accident. My 3 year old son was in the car, safely buckled into this car seat. After fish-tailing and 3 impacts into a guardrail, the car finally came to a stop. We both walked away from the accident. I had severe whiplash to my neck and back but my son never once complained of pain or acted like he was uncomfortable. I believe it was because of this car seat. It protected him 100%, despite the fact that the first impact was to his door. I won't even consider buying another car seat or booster seat. Accidents can happen and do happen in a blink of an eye but now I know first hand that my son will be safe. That is priceless.Car Accident
I went to so many different walmsrt stores to find this car seat. I have a 2.5 year old that is big (37 lbs) and very tall for his age. This seat is so well made. The side acctually seem to go around their head to protect them in event of a crash. It also looks like big brothers booster so he thought it was a "big boy" booster =) It is the least expensive car seat that goes to 65lbs that does not require a headrest for proper instalation. This seat was easy to instal, easy to adjust and will convert as they grow older!!
It is hard to find. So far only Walmsrt is selling themAWESOME!!!! BUY IT IF YOU CAN FIND IT!!!
The seat overall is pretty heavy, so if you have to lug this thing around, I would suggest another seat. But safety wise, it seems to be pretty solid and is indeed reinforced with metal in the back. I was very impressed with the wraparound headrest. In the pictures, it doesn't even look like it comes out, but it really looks like it would offer a lot of head support in a side impact crash. The headrest is also covered in foam under the padding so I know that it would help. It was very easy to set up, but make sure the harness straps are not caught under the padding and come out from the right place in the seat.

My son is 2 and small. He is 25 pounds and 34 inches tall, so I was concerned that it would be too big. He fit perfectly and he loves his new seat!

It was a breeze to install although a bit heavy to carry, but I don't plan on taking it out of the car anytime soon.

The button to loosen the straps is easy to use, but it is actually a lever that you pull up instead of pushing down. It seems like it would be hard to tamper with if my kid ever tried to loosen the straps himself. The straps do get twisted, but they do that with my Britax as well. You just to make sure they are untwisted when you buckle them in.

I LOVE how the seat will hold a child up to 65 in the harness. It is sooo much safer than a belt. This carseat will probably be the last one we'll have to buy for my 2 yr old son since it grows with him.

We also have a Britax Roundabout which we loved, but we didn't want to spend $300 on a new one when the younger sibling outgrew his baby seat. This seems to have much more surrounding support for the head than a Marathon or a Roundabout. You can see from the photo, I compared the two, so you can see the difference.

This carseat, overall was a great buy. I will buy another for my younger son when he grows out of the Roundabout!Wonderful Carseat for Half the Price!
I bought two and my girls love it! I have twin baby girls that hated their rear facing carseats, to the point where we couldn't leave the house because of the constant tears. As soon as I placed the girls in these seats to test them out, they glowed. Great product!Great Great Great
I had this seat in a different color for my 4 yr old, and decided to buy this one for my 2 yr old. LOVE it. The only downside is the weight limits are actually painted onto each seatbelt device, but I don't mind looking at them. You can get the same seat without the limits printed on it for $40 more, didn't think it was worth it for me. This seat is comfy, very easy to take off to wash, and the arm rests are rubberized and comfortable. The cup holder is a big plus. The head rest is contoured to fit your child, and adjusts as he/she grows, so we really like it. We want our kids in a 5-pt harness as long as possible, and this seat allows for that. Definitely get a seat protector, no matter what kind of seat you end up getting, it really will save your car!Always loved this carseat
I bought this seat a year ago for my 2 year old and loved it until we had to cut him out of it because the red release button would not release the straps. Not amount of pressure would release the straps. I wouldnt recommed this seat to anyone for that reason.Had to cut my son out of the seat.
After spending many long hours researching car seats, I decided on the Graco Nautilus 3-in-1. I purchased two actually, one for my almost 6 year old daughter and one for my almost 3 year old son. Both are small for their age but the reason I purchased two was because my son always wanted to sit in my daughter's car seat and now that they each have the same one, there is no fighting. I previously had Graco car seats but now that my daughter is back to using the 5 point harness, I feel she is much safer riding in the car. Plus she can actually get herself buckled in now whereas before she needed someone to strap her in with the shoulder belt. My son also needs less assistance although I always make sure they are both secure before driving. My daughter can unbuckle herself and she helps unbuckle my son so this has been another big advantage. I know these car seats will keep them safe until they are each large enough to not need a car seat. I only wish I had purchased this car seat as soon as they were out of the infant car seat. This car seat was somewhat more expensive than others out there that could have worked but I figured the peace of mind for their safety was worth the extra money.Last Car Seats I will ever buy!! :-)
My, 3 year's old, dauther and I really liked the seat.
It look's good and it feel's good.
She liked the cup holder and the 2 inner spaces on both arms of the chair.
She keeps her toys there like hidden treasure!
It was easy and really fast to install.
We did it in 15 min. at Walmart parking lot when we picked it up.
The only annoying detail that I did not like was the red buckle button.
It's really hard to open! It's too flat! It is not ergonomic.
Hard to open with only one hand.
This was a surprise to me as we do own an older Graco car seat,
that I now use for my younger son, that has a perfect buckle!!
Really ergonomic and easy to unbuckle!
A small disappointment! But overall really nice!Very nice, just a small disappointment...
When installed correctly (remember to kneel in seat when latching seat belt!) Is solid as a rock with no moving. Love how easy it is to loosen straps for getting her out comfortably, and to tighten the straps to restrain her safely.
With her old backward facing seat she used to scream incessantly when having to go somewhere but it is so blissfully quiet with this seat.
Sometimes when she sleeps in it her head drops forward which seems uncomfortable but not all the time so I think that's more so how she "chooses"to sleep lol
I love this seat and so does she.17 month old loves her new seat
This carseat was a breeze to put together. I pulled it out of the box, snap snap snap and that was it! (It was even easier to install since I have the Latch system in my vehicle.) My son LOVES sitting forward-facing so he can see what mommy is doing. The cup holder is a little tall for his sippy cup - so he can't easily reach it, but I'm sure that will be remedied as his arms get longer & his sippy cup gets bigger. This was a wonderful value for his first birthday and will grow with him well into double digits. Also, because I ordered it with the e-gift card, I got birthday thank-yous super cheap too!A Great Transition!
I really cannot think of anything negative to say about this seat. It is the perfect size. Big enough to support my 1 year old son, and small enough to fit in my very compact car. Car seats being too big was a big issue for us, as even forward facing in my car, seemed to take up a lot of room. I researched for months and finally came up with the nautilus was the best bang for your buck. They make similar seats that are technically "better" or have more features, but are way more expensive. This is a basic seat with just the right amount of features to make it great. The cup holder fits even the widest sippy cups (A problem we had with our last Cosco convertible seat). The quality is amazing. Just taking it out of the box you can tell that this is a very well made product. It installs flawlessly and doesn't move an inch once strapped in, again, another problem we had with our previous, cheaper seat that moved a lot regardless of how tightly we strapped it in. This seat is super comfortable and my son absolutely loves it. The shoulder covers are amazing, and really make the seat comfortable. The material is super easy to wipe off, and can also be taken off and thrown in the laundry when needed. I would recommend this seat to anyone looking for a seat to last their child for years to come, and not to mention it is an AWESOME price for the quality, longevity, and the safety of this seat. There is really no need to pay more for other booster seats, this one hits the nail on the head in every category. GREAT seat with great features, comfortable, and a great price for all that you get. It is very easy to get my son in and out of the seat and we just love it. Definitely a must-have and a win-win for anyone with a toddler!5 stars. Perfect in every way!
Bought this same style seat in a different fabric from Babies R Us for 179.99. Bought it from here for 129. It's the SAME THING! I love this seat. Harness up to 65 pounds, belt positioning booster up to 100 pounds and a backless bosster. Won't need to purchase another seat down the road as this one will change as your child grows. Seat is easy to use. My son seems very comfortable in it. Only complaint would be that the recline is very minimal. So if purchasing for recline, don't get your hopes up.Great Seat
I bought 2 of the Nautilus car seats for my kids after reading reviews, and I've had them for over a year. It's a heavier seat which I wasn't a big fan of at first (It's metal reinforced through the back of the seat) Just today, my mother-in-law and my kids were in a head on collison and they were in their Nautilus seats. My kids were scared and recieved bruises but safe thanks to the car seats. Many of the EMS crew said that it's nice to see that it's a heavier duty car seat. I will probably never ever buy a different brand ever again!So wonderful!
I purchased this for my son who just turned one. He is a big one year old. The crotch strap problem that others have written about is true! With the crotch strap in the furthest out position my one year old was still just about sitting on it. I didn't see how this would be comfy for him or how he would be able to use this carseat in the 5 point harness for even a few months. This is supposed to allow kids to be in the 5 point harness up to 65 pounds. That would never happen. I returned it and was disappointed since I was looking forward to this being the only carseat I would have to buy for him.not good for larger babies!
My husband and I purchased this carseat for our 1 yr old as the next step up from the carseat he's had since he was born. I researched a lot of carseats, and I could hardly believe this carseat is sold at such a reasonable price. This will be the last seat we have to buy for him since it goes all the way to becoming a booster seat (3 in 1), so the price is definately worth it. Our first carseat for him was a Graco and I'm definately sold on the brand! It's really a great value for the price. I would reccomend this to anyone!Awesome carseat!!
I bought this seat for my 4y/o because she had reached 40lbs., outgrowing her old seat but was NOT ready for a booster seat. This seat has very tall harness slots/65lbs. harness so I knew it would be the last car seat I would buy for her. It installs super easy & quick, is user-friendly, harness tightens smoothly & evenly. The cover comes off easily and I have washed the cover several times without a problem. I did find that after about 8mo. of use the harness started fraying but Graco sent me a replacement harness right away! This seat can be tethered in booster mode which is great! In booster mode, the shoulder area is narrow so it might not fit some kids comfortably.
I would recommend this seat for any child who is 2y/o and/or 35lb. because children should stay rear facing for as long as possible!Pretty Great!
The Nautilus 3 in 1 is a great sturdy carseat and a nice alterative to buying one of the pricier higher limit weight in harness seats. My only problem with the seat is that the buckle inbetween the childs legs needs the ability to be moved further out at least once but I would even say 2 more spaces... I have a 3 year old in the seat and he is already sitting on the latch because it doesnt adjust any further away he is 42 inches tall so think about your child's hieght before purchasing. Also the padding that the sholder straps run thruogh seems to pull the strapes down below the childs shoulders in the back also I am thinking on removing the pad."almost" the only carseat you'll ever need
the seat offers such wonderful features from higher harnessing weight/height to high back booster to low back booster. i thought it looked really nice, felt great, sturdy....i figured PERFECT seat.

unfortunatly it's SUPER narrow in the width at shoulders -9.5in at widest point before the sides flare out. my 3.5yo daughter was squeezed into the seat. she is not chubby at all. infact quite slim all of 38lbs & 42inches tall. maybe she has broad shoulders? i tried out my older boys who are in a high back boosters at age 8.5 & 7.5. both of them which should be able to fit it in booster mode had to twist their body to try to get in there. there back was away from the back of seat & would have to roll shoudlers inward to get in the seat fully. not very comfortable. so for my kids this seat doesn't work.
i'm very dissapointed.
perhaps if your child doesn't have broad shoulders this could work.
i returned it!would be great except TOO NARROW!!
Maybe it is because I've gone from a Britax product to this (my disclaimer!) but I'm deeply dissatisfied with this booster seat.

I'm going to keep this short and sweet and list what I DON'T like about this product:

The fabric is at best = uncomfortable
Set up is complicated
The recline is grossly insufficient. My daughter CANNOT sleep in this seat. which makes it a no go for long car trips. She leans too far forward and cannot sleep without hanging her head forward and drooling all over herself while waking to reposition her head every few minutes.
The straps are twisty and scratchy!
The rubber type material on the armrest shows wear and tear marks before you've even barely used it.
The latch attachments are rudimentary and cheap.

what I like about this seat? not much other than the side impact wings and the adjustable head rest.

I suppose I'll be pleased with this once we get to the booster seat only but its going to be a LONG time before we are using this setup.

I'm going to buy another seat soon. Don't waste your money on this seat. Its simply not a good value (which was why I chose it) when you spend good money and are dissatisfied with it overall.Not good enough
I bought two of these seats after we were rear ended in a car accident and I thought that it would be nice to get a seat that my children could use until they are out of car seats.
The first problem with that idea was that the seats that were shipped to me were already 1 yr. old. The expiration date on the seats was only 5 yrs away, so technically I should not use the seats after this. Therefore, I would have to get a new seat for my 1 1/2 year old before she is big enough to be out of a booster seat.
Second problem, I followed all instructions to the T, and it never would install without being able to wiggle the seat around (more than the 1" specified). I ended up going with the Brittax Marathon from Babies R Us. I had had the Brittax Marathon before the car accident, but thought that I could save a little money and get a seat that would last longer. I never had a problem installing the Marathon so I did not expect a problem with this seat, but it didn't work out.
Also, if you are installing any carseat in an accord, make sure you disable the ELR (emergency locking retractor) seatbelts. It tells you how to do this in your instruction manual. You have to do this so that the seatbelt stays snug and tight - otherwise it stays where you can pull the belt out except when it is pulled out really quickly such as in an accident.Did not work with Honda Accord 2002
I looked into this seat for my grandson, his convertible seat was in an accident so I decided to up him to a harnessed booster since he's 2 1/2, weighs 32 lbs and is 38 inches tall. I took him with me and set him in it for fit and if he liked it. It was roomy enough and looked comfy. The crotch strap has 2 locations, even moved to the farthest one, he would still be sitting on it, I can't imagine having his boy parts squished would feel too good. And as you can see, he's not a a chubby toddler. Bummer since I really liked the looks of this seat and it is rated 'best bet' by Insurance Institute for Highway Safety for seat belt placement as a booster.

I instead went with the Evenflo Maestro, also rated 'best bet'. We haven't used it much, but the seat feels well padded, has plenty of shoulder room and he said it was comfy when I put him in it to test the fit #at the store# and adjust the straps #when we got home#. I finally had to put it in the car because he and his 3 yr old cousin were fighting over who was going to sit in it while it was in the house.Bad crotch buckle placement
Love this car seat. First of all, it has a top safety rating from Consumer Reports. Second, my daughter loves that it sits straight up and has a cup holder. She also loves the two "hidden" areas for storage. I am always finding things in there. Our last car seat was a Britax Roundabout, which I liked a lot, but as my daughter is now 2 1/2 it was too baby-like. The only reason I knocked down the ease of set-up by one star is I don't like the latch attachments as much as the ones on the Britax. They are easier to use and quicker. That is the only negative though so far.Great Car Seat
This carseat is perfect. It looks great and it fits so tight and secure it doesn't move at all. The only bad thing is if you have to move it from car to car much because it is soo heavy and that would be hard to do! But I really trust this seat. I've never seen a seat so sturdy and it will be the only seat you need to buy because it turns into a booster seat. I highly recommend! Oh and you can take the fabric off and throw it in the washer which is so helpful if you have a messy car eater lol.Great carseat
My husband and daughter were just in a wreck! The other driver ran into the driver's side rear, causing the car to spin and slam into a telephone pole. The impact shattered the rear window (It was safety glass, so it stayed in one piece), and then knocked the window out and it landed on my 2 yr old daughter, who was buckled in the center of the rear seat.

Thanks to this AWESOME car seat, she was totally unharmed. Not a scratch! I am definitely buying another one of these!Saved my daughter!
My two-year-old son gets excited about getting to ride in his car seat and hates to get out of it. We hope to get several years of use from it.Comfortable for toddler
I was involved in a three car collision ! I was sandwiched between two diesel trucks due to a driver texting. He hit us from the back going 40mph in smashed me into the truck in front of me. My two year old son was in the back. He did not move one inch or notice what had happened. This Carseat is a lifesaver. The best investment anyone could make!Lifesaver!!!
We absolutely love this car seat. My daughter loves the cup holder and loves the little compartment for snacks and toys. It was easy to put together and install. It makes me happiest knowing this is the last car seat she will need. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a good toddler car seat.Great Car Seat!
Both of my children (ages 2 and 6) have this car seat. My son is still using it in a slightly reclined position with the 5-point harness and my daughter is using it in a more upright position with the highback booster and seat belt. We'll be removing the back soon and going to just a booster as soon as she gains a couple more pounds. :) I LOVE THIS SEAT! I'm super picky about car seats. I will read consumer reviews for weeks before purchasing anything and I want only the best and safest for my kids. My daughter was in a 5-point harness in this seat until she turned 6. She was 50 pounds and still very comfortable. I don't understand why some people complain about the crotch strap. Even at 50 pounds it was fine for my daughter. The only thing I can think of is that maybe they had it too reclined and thus pushed the child's bottom forward. And yes, the straps are tight when they're in their winter coats, but what isn't? The straps are not so short that they're unusable...just snug. Isn't that how they should be? My kids love the cubby holes to hide toys in for long trips and I am a HUGE fan of the easy cup holders. Let me tell you people, if you are on the fence on this one, buy it for the cup holders alone! Also, for all of you with little girls you know what a hassle a crotch strap can be with a frilly long dress. On dressy days, we'd just move the harness to the side, lay the crotch strap between her legs, and strap her in using the shoulder strap. It worked great! It's true that it's not very easy for them to get unhooked by themselves, but this was a bonus for me. My kids are very average in size and we have a mini van and a little Scion XB and these seats have worked perfect for both vehicles and both kids since age 1 and they're still going! (SUPER easy to clean too!)We've used each stage and still love it!
Easy to install apparently its very comfortable I put my grandson in it for his first ride and he just sat there smiling he didn't want to get outfantastic carseat
When my husband was rear-ended (no one else was in the car), we had to search for new car seats. After MONTHS of extensive research on car seats, I decided on this one because of the high rated and reviews.

I agree with others who have said their child looks uncomfortable in the car seat. My 2 and a half year old has never complained though so I guess it's no big deal.

This car seat is bulky and heavy. It took a long time to install correctly. Of course it was worth the time to know that she will be safe, it was just annoying.

My biggest complaint is the buckle in between her legs. It's too far back on the seat and she sits on it when I put her in the seat. This makes it hard to find to buckle her in. Had I known, I would not have gotten this car seat. I'd take it back, but I'm not sure I still have the receipt and it's probably passed the 90 days.Disappointed
The nautilus seems like a great car seat, very sturdy, safe and comfortable. (Be warned this seat is very large and heavy) I purchased this seat because of the harness to 65lb feature. My son is 40 inches tall and 40 lbs. Unfortunately, he was already sitting on the underside strap which renders the harness feature unusable. The seat he just outgrew had much more room in that area. Sadly had to return this item.great if it fits your child
I purchased this seat because of the style and 3 in 1 use of the seat. However, my son doesn't look comfortable in this seat when he is sleeping. His head is just hanging down, and it is impossible for him to keep his head back. As if the seat doesn't recline enough. We had to stuff something beside his head so that he would keep his head upright, but it wouldn't always work. Shocked that the seat isn't more comfortably made. We have a britax roundabout in our other car that he just gets and looks so comfortable in that he sleeps and sleeps.Uncomfortable!
We bought this carseat for our 1 year old, and we really like it. It seems to have more cushion than some of the less expensive carseats and it looks to be more comfortable. Our daughter loves the cup holder and the little cubbies for toys. It's set on the smallest setting and it fits her perfectly, so it looks like we'll be able to use it for a long time as well. It's a great carseat for a low price, and one that will last a long time!Great Carseat!
I got this for my daughter after i bought my son the one with air bags, Safety 1st Complete Air 65 Convertible Car Seat.. However I got to say i do love hers more.. It is for older children so If you are trying to get this for a baby they will need to grow into it.. I love how i wont need to buy any other car seat again.. It is a bit on the heavy side, but not a big problem.. It is nothing in comparison to the cosco 40.00 one i got her from walmart.. That one had to go..My daughter wanted this one
After we assembled the seat, my 1 1/2 year old son wanted to sit in it right then. The seat was just sitting on the floor in the dining room still and he absolutely loved it. He was very excited to try it out in daddy's car. We bought it so we could have a set for daddy's car and turns out, they are just as good if not better than the Brytax ones we use in the van. They appear to be more comfortable too. We have the matching pink one for our 4 1/2 year old and she loves hers too. We would have went right to these for both cars if we had known they were so nice. They also seem to fit very well when it comes to security. Locks down very tight and I am very particular when it comes to safety. Perfect seat for price, comfort, security, accessories (cup holders and small space under cup holder for small toys). Love it!Perfect!
I was looking for a car seat that would transition with my daughter and i found this one. By far the best decision i have ever made. I love how easy it fits in the car and how it grows with my daughter. She just transitioned from the five point harness to the high back booster and she thinks it is super awesome. I looked and read all reviews before deciding on this car seat. There is nothing i dislike about this product!Best Carseat ever
ok- i read all of the reviews on walmart and target and saw where people were hugely disappointed with the crotch strap and buckles etc....i really loved the color of the green and grey and had my mind made up to get it but with the reviews i was confused...well i have 2 year old twins- boy and girl and they are 31 and 34 pounds and big...from the second they sat down they were in LOVE and I also loved it- the crotch strap can be removed and out into further forward slot with some patience and elbow grease and the chest strap to me is adequate, i think it could be harder(thicker) but my very smart very curious daughter has not figured out how to open it. the buckle on the crotch strap is harder to open than the shoulder strap and I like that...over all- happy with it and would buy again! Hope this helps!!!graco nautilus 3-1
We bought this care seat after much review of convertible car seats on the market. Everyone feels pretty strongly about their child's safety, so many people feel differently about what car seat us the best choice. We reviewed consumer reports and quizzed other parents. I am a nurse specializing in infant care and my husband is a fireman/paramedic who is often 1st on the scene of automobile accidents. Taking all areas into consideration, we loved the ease of installation, that it grows with our son until 100 lbs. and that Graco has an excellent safety record for it's products. Our son loves his "big boy" seat, and we couldn't be happier with the value this car seat gives us both in monetary means and for our son's safety!Excellent value & choice!
Graco-Nautilus 3-in-1 Multi-Use Car Seat is greatly comfortable chair. Before purchasing
this product, I did research and found this product had thousands customers who favored it. I bought two the Car Seats. Strongly recommend this product to everyone!Eexcellent!
I had some concerns about switching from a rear-facing to a front-facing car seat, particularly my daughter's head flopping forward when she sleeps. This carseat resolves that problem, plus it has a recline, which adds just enough extra to satisfy my concerns. I was also concerned about how high it was going to sit in the backseat of my X-Terra, but it sits just perfectly without blocking my view. I read the reviews regarding accidents and felt comfortable with the safety of the seats, plus it was a good $50 less than the exact same model at Babies R Us. I tried a Safety 1st, and no matter how hard I tried or what clips I used, the whole seat would flip sideways when I double-checked it. I did every tip they suggested in the manual, plus I tried it in my husband's Avalon and my X-Terra, and it did the same thing in both cars. This one was so easy to install, and it didn't budge. And, most importantly, my daughter LOVES it! She's comfortable, secure, and loves being able to see what's going on outside, lol!An excellent carseat
I was actually interested in the new airbag carseat they are offering but it was so expensive and I dreaded the price tag even though I was saving up for it because my kids safety means everything to me. But then I came across this one and read the reviews and it had 5 star reviews. I especially loved the true story about the drunk driver hitting the mom and little girl and the mom was in a big truck! The damage done to that truck they should not have survived but that carseat saved her life. That's what made me purchase this. I have been using it for a month now and I absolutely love it, very strong and sturdy yet comfortable.Fantastic! And very affordable
First things is first: THIS SEAT DOES NOT REAR-FACE! It is mislabeled as a convertible. This type of seat is called a combination seat. Children should rear-face in a convertible until at least 2 yrs old as per AAP and longer per NHSTA.
My friend just got this seat for her almost 5 yr old. I was there for the un-boxing and put together. It is not assembled once you get it out of the box, but it's very easy to do once you READ THE MANUAL. Reading the manual thoroughly is very important with every car seat even if it comes assembled. In the manual, you will find how to achieve proper installation, how to secure your correctly, middle LATCH allowances/limits, LATCH limits, and all the features of the seat. I thought the manual was pretty well organized. My friend and I read through and checked out things as we found them. We were very pleased with the harness height and weight limits on this seat. Top harness height is 18", which is sure to last her son quite some time in a harness. You will most likely need to adjust to a higher harness height for you child so that it is at or above the child's shoulders. Most children will outgrow the seat by height before they ever reach the weight limit, but that's common with just about every seat. The headrest adjustment was easy, and several positions were available. The headrest is required to be on the seat and Must Be Above the harness slot that you have the harness through. It cannot touch the harness. The shoulder belt guides are clearly visible and red. They must be above the child's shoulder or even with the top of shoulder when using the harness or belt. We haven't tested the belt fit as a booster, but this seat generally offers a good belt fit. The belt path on the back of the seat was clearly labeled and not hard to fit a larger hand through. Her son liked the little storage spots and the cup holder on the seat. His convertible didn't have those. As far as comfort goes, my friend and I both felt it was quite nice. Her son doesn't like change, but he was ready to use his new seat. I definitely recommend this seat as an option for a child over 2 and as a good seat for extended harnessing. The newest models have a 10 yr expiry in both harness and booster mode. This could very well be your child's last seat, depending on lap belt fit in your vehicle. Kids need boosters until around 10-12.Great Seat For Children At Least 2 Yrs Old & Up
We now own 4 of these carseats. Easy to set up, look good and are comfortable for our girls.great seat!
I purchased this car seat for my daughter. I love it!! It is very quick and easy to install in the car. She loves the drink holder and the side "cubbies" on either side of the inside of the car seat. She stores toys in there for when we are driving. I plan to purchase another one for my next daughter. HIGHLY recommend this car seat. Good quality for a reasonable price!LOVE this car seat...VERY easy to install
Setting this set up was no problem. The instructions are not the best but it's pretty basic. The seat is adjustable in two ways - the head support can be raised and lowered and it also reclines a little which helps when the baby falls asleep and his head isn't in an awkward position. I would recommend this car seat to anyone looking to upgrade from the carrier type systems.One of the best out there
This is a really great chair for the price. My baby girl loves it. One caveat: I ordered the grey one online with free store pickup, then got to the store and discovered there is a pink model available that I didn't find listed on walmart.com. So if you have a girl, you might be better off trying the store first.Good Value
My son loves his car seat. He sit up looking at all the lights and car passing by. Most the belt on the seat are very safe. I will tell all my friend about this car seat.Great seat for toddler
I just purchased this car seat & I love it. I searched all over because it was out of stock online, but I've finally got it. My daughter fits in perfect. She's only 2 but she's really tall & her weight matches her height. She's 37" tall & 32 lbs @ just 26 months so I didn't want the booster seat without a harness but this is perfect & I'm very excited. It wasn't too difficult to put together but it was to much for me. It's heavy also, very durable. My daughter didn't want to get out of it just to install it in the car. It fits my Camry without a problem.New Car Seat for Toddler
Great seat. But the one that Walmart sent was manufactured 10 months before I received it. Since car seats only have a life span of 6 years before they need to be discarded, that shaved off almost a full year from the value of the car seat.

The manufacture date is written on the Graco box when you receive it. Better check it before opening the box and consider sending it back if you prefer. I ended up keeping it to avoid the hassle.Great seat, but seat was already 1 year old
This is how much I hated this car seat: I originally posted a comment trying to help people figure out how to move the crotch strap without wanting to shoot the car seat but then after a day of use I realized that being hard to move is the least of the problems and have signed in using a different account so that I can warn people!! My little boy is 2 but about the size of a 3 or 4 year old. Pretty big for a little guy. The seat was great looking, installed easily and securely and we were thrilled. After searching for how to move the crotch strap I thought we were set. However, after one outing in the car I noticed that my son's thighs had been pinched from how short the crotch strap is. I was able to pull the straps down tighter on his shoulders to give him a little more wiggle room for the ride home but this thing would be terribly uncomfortable if he were any bigger. Took it straight back and bought a Safety 1st Air Complete 70 which is awesome. I know there are literally thousands of positive reviews but the few negative reviews are right!!! Perhaps they changed the design slightly because if you look at the date on most of the positive reviews they are nearly 5 years old!!Crotch Strap too Short!!
Nautilus 3-in-1 offers great value and convenience by providing 3 distinct car seats all in one - saving you money and ultimately time having to shop for all 3 separately.
Pros:
(1) Stylish
(2) Well-padded
(3) Simple to install in the car itself
(4) Great value
(5) Fits various cars - bucket, straight, 3rd row, latch
(6) Great solution for children needing booster seat for height but still need harness protection for weight
Cons:
(1) Assemblying the product prior to installation is tedious, requiring too many things to be snapped and refitted.
(2) Side arm rests, which snap in, do not stay in place if the slightest pressure is exerted on them (ie: child leans on the arm rest while climbing into seat).
(3) Less roomy than the TurboBooster seat - feels tighter on the child
(4) Top harness latch is difficult to unbuckle and requires 2 hands - cannot squeeze and unlatch with one hand like you can with other harness seats
(5) Harness straps twist easily
(6) The seat is on a base like toddler seats, unlike a regular booster seat, elevating the legs of an older child, which can be uncomfortable.
Despite many negatives, I would recommend this product because of it's multifunctional use.Great Solution With Drawbacks
When selecting this product, I missed the line about being best for kids 1 year old and up / 20 pounds and up. This is not a rear facing seat! Oops! So I had to return it.Not a rear-facing seat!
I bought this seat, despite many reviews saying that the 5 point harness isn't big enough for a child more than 40lbs. I found this to be true. My 3 1/2 year old who is 35lbs tried this seat - he was sitting on top of the latch that comes up between their legs - there is no way this seat would be big enough to have a child even 45 lbs in the 5 point harness. Great idea; wished it would have worked out. Will be shopping for another seat.Unfortunatly not a good seat
We love our Nautilus! The seat installs easily and secures tightly with the LATCH system. My daughter never complains about being uncomfortable and has fallen asleep in the seat with no problems. The ability to harness up to 65 lbs. and use it as a belt positioning booster means it will last longer than the Britax Marathon (which runs $120+ more).

I purchased a Britax for my youngest (needed rear facing) - wish I would have known Graco was coming out with a convertible that will harness to 65 lbs, would have saved me some money! - and fully intend to buy another Nautilus when we transition to forward facing in a yearSafety, Comfort, and Value!
I purchased this car seat not realizing or possibly misreading that it is not for ages below 1. PLEASE READ do not buy if your child is under 1 year old. It looks like a great car seat, wish we could use it. Our child is 8 months and fits the weight and height requirement but I would rather him still be rear facing, at least till he is 35/40 lbs. The longer rear facing the better.FOR YEARS 1 and UP
I own one Nautilus for my husband's car (used less) and a similar seat that is more expensive for my own car. The Nautilus is great as a second seat but I am so glad I have the more expensive seat for my car. The Nautilus lacks a lot of nice features and is also less safe in my opinion. My son, who recently turned 3, can unclip the chest clip, move the chest clip around, and pull the harness tightening strap while leaning forward to loosen the harness. He can do none of these with his more expensive seat. He has responded to being told not to do these things with the Nautilus, but who needs to be concerned about these things while driving. Overall, it's a good second seat but like I said, I really prefer the more expensive seat for everyday use as well as long trips.Good Seat for the Price
I used to LOVE Graco, especially the Nautilus car seats. I had 2 of these in my van, but was in a terrible crash (thankfully the girls were just dropped off at school) but the van was a total loss and there was no way I was using these car seats again and demanded the insurance replace them (they gave me the full replacement value, yay!). So, naturally I purchased the same seats again because they work awesome for my very small 4 & 7 year olds. However, this picture (and the one on the box) LIES. If you want these car seats, this is not what comes out of the box. Graco has replaced the entire buckle system with what they have on their INFANT seats (this is NOT an infant seat, it is a toddler-child seat). The new buckle is difficult to use, I have a hard time getting the crotch buckles to snap, and have painfully bent my thumb nails back trying to unbuckle them. I love all the other features this seat has to offer (the side cubbies, the dring holder, the stability and grow-ability), but these buckles are a huge pain... so much so that I am returning them back to Walmart and will demand my shipping be refunded as well since their website is misleading and does not accurately represent the actual product.No longer like Graco :(
While the fabric isn't as cushy soft as a Britax, this seat beats all others in its class/type. I'm talking the other "3-in-1's". It has the highest weight/slot height available for this price. The 5 point harness is good to 65 lbs, which is combined with a very tall slot height, meaning your child has a better chance of coming closer to the weight limit and the height limit at the same time. Both of my children outgrew their convertible seats by height long before weight, and they did it at 2.5 years of age; too young for boosters.
This seat converts to both a high back booster and a low back booster; decent boosters!
There isn't any "Only seat you'll ever need" carseat on the market. This is as close as you will ever get. None of the other multi-use seats will last as long as this seat; except for the newest Britax offering, your child will outgrow the harness on all of them before he/she is old enough to sit safely in a booster. Children under the age of 4 have bodies and bones that are not ready for lap belts. In an accident, their pelvis cannot take the impact. Buy this seat, keep them in a 5 point harness as long as possible, keep them safe.
My daughter loves the cupholders and my son is jealous of this seat.
If your child is too young/small for this seat, buy an inexpensive Cosco Scenera ($40); they rear-face to 35 lbs, and by the time they've outgrown it, they're ready for this seat.Good to go the distance
Bought this to replace our Graco seat that was only good to 40 lbs. in the forward facing harness ,and wish we had known about these 3 in 1 seats three years ago. This seat has so much growing room for our 3year old grandson. We converted it to his size very easily. We feel the safety of the 5 point harness for as long as toddlers can be in them is well worth the price and effort. Buy it online to save $35 because the stores will not match this price and we received it in 3 days at home for .97cents.WHAT A CAR SEAT !!!!
As a mom and a child passenger safety technician, I LOVE this seat! I love the fact that it has a harness weight of up to 60lbs.! And, I love the fact that is much cheaper than other higher weight harness seats. It is easy to assemble, easy to install with or without latch. FYI, check your vehicle's manual for your vehicle's weight limits on using LATCH. My 3 year old is 40" and 40lbs.--too large for a convertible seat, but I am not ready to put her in just a belt positioning booster. It is much safer with a harness. This seat is a great way to keep taller or heavier toddlers safer longer.Safe, easy to use
My 3 1/2 year old LOVES this seat! We can go for hours in the car and he never complains of being uncomfy! he even falls asleep in it on numerous occasions! It still fits him well & i LOVE that it can go to 100 lbs as a booster, he is only 37 lbs so he is in the harness til he reaches the 65lb weight limit which shouldn't be for at least til he's 6-7 when i plan on moving him to the high back booster! i would recommend it to ANYONE with a baby over 12 months or after they stop rear facing!AWESOME car seat!!
This seat is worth every penny. I read a lot of reviews and compared it to its more expensive competition. For the price, weight capacity and features, this seat is well worth it. Other reviewers said it was hard to install and move around, BUT I have it installed in the extra cab of my 1997 F-150 and move it daily (with incredible ease) from the back seat to the front seat almost daily and have it installed with the lap belt when in the rear seat and the shoulder/lap belt when in the front. Also, buckling and strapping is a breeze and effortless. The straps wont twist in the clips and the straps never become uneven. My son is 40 pounds and 4 1/2 years old. If you're thinking of the more expensive seats, try this first. Walmart will take it back if you're not satisfied..but i doubt you will be. Hope this was helpful.Graco Nautilus 3 in 1
I love this car seat - and so does my 2 year old daughter! Very sturdy and easy to set up. I did not have a probelm with the straps being to short as others did, work great for us! The only down fall to this car seat is that it can not be used rear facing. A child needs to be rear facing until at least 1 year old and sometimes they grow out of there carrier before they are 1 year. Great seat, no problems, love it love it!Amazing Car Seat - LOVE IT!!
We bought this seat for my 3 1/2 year old who is 40 inches and 35 lbs. We wanted to buy a Regent, but it would be too large for our car. This seat fits great in my 4 door sedan. My daughter is very comfortable in this seat. The cupholder is large and holds all of her cups easily. The storage in the armrests is an added plus. I am happy that this seat allows us to keep her in a 5 point harness longer. The price is very reasonable.A Great Seat for small vehicles!
I love this seat! The only complaint I have is that it is sometimes hard to snap the straps into the crotch buckle, but it just takes a little wiggling to get it to snap down all the way. But my son loves it and absolutely loves that there's a cup holder...just for him!! :)very satisfied
I love it, my son loves it! I'm exta excited that I don't have to purchase another carseat because it grows with my son. Best carseat ever! Yay, Graco!Nautilus - Greatest car seat ever!
After researching, I found this car seat to be the one with the most bang for my buck. I love that my daughter loves being in her car seat when traveling. The harness helps keep her body in place for a comfortable nap, also the head support helps keep her head from going to the side. It reclines a little bit. Just enough to keep her head from moving foward when she's napping.The perfect toddler car seat for a nap
I love this carseat. It's great that it has a harness to keep our child safer longer. Then, it converts to a booster seat so that we can use it for a long period of time. The quality is very nice. It seemed fairly easy to install - although we did not do it ourselves. We had it installed at our local Health Department. BTW, this is one of the carseats that they recommended to us. The cup holder is a great feature, too. We absolutely love it.Great Product
It was easy to put together, minimal assembly required. Padding is thick & feels like it would be comfortable. What I really like is that when my daughter falls asleep in it, her head is not in an awkward position. She sleeps comfortably.

My only complaint is that there is only one cup holder, would've preferred two, just for snacks.wonderful carseat
I love this seat, and so does my son. Everything about it is great. I am always checking out new seats on the market, and this is one of the best in my opinion.great car seat
I read countless reviews, on tons of sites- this seat was by far one of the best rated.

Now I know why. I have YET to find a comparable seat with a 5 point harness for a child over 45 pounds- and this one goes to 65!

It reclines, which is nice. Its super easy to put together- I think earlier versions required a lot of assembly from pictures I've seen on car seat websites- but this years seats you just snap the back of the seat in the upright position and stick the head rest in place. Super easy. Takes about 2 minutes.

My son loves it- he's three and a tall kid, and thus heavier than most other 3 year olds- but I was not comfortable putting him in a booster seat yet. We travel so much- and theyre just not the same as a 5 point harness.

We're having our second baby in a few weeks, and I am already purchasing a second for him- so it'll be ready when his 1 year of rear facing is done.

My friend has a 300 dollar seat for her daughter- and hates it. The harness doesnt fit her anymore- and she's smaller than my son- and its so bulky and clunky. She wants one of these now!Easily as good as or better than a 300 dollar seat
My son started sitting in this seat at 26lbs and 15 months old. he is still in it at almost 4 yo and 38 lbs and when we had to go on vacation with him in a different seat, he was bummed. when we got home, he told me that he was happy to be home because he missed his seat! We are planning on buying another one to accommodate our 1 yo. This seat has worked for us on short and long trips and he has never complained about being uncomfortable. I recommended this seat to my sister and 2 best friends, all of whom went out and bought them too.
I have no idea what people are talking about when they say that the crotch strap is not well located. I think that it is perfect. It is maybe an inch or 2 in front of my son...I wouldn't want it too far away from him or else i would worry about him not being secure.
and don't worry so much about the straps being long enough. I know that the shoulder strap system doesn't seem very long, but the way the straps work, means that as your child gets taller, you are afforded more of the strap (there is less strap used in the "weaving" part of the installation...and yes, that doesn't make much sense, but it is what it is.)My favorite seat
While you can get cheaper, this seat is excellent, and sometimes the simplest things make the biggest difference.

We initially had a simple booster seat that our son would fall asleep in and, when falling asleep, would have his head lull uncomfortably pitched forward or to the side. After a number of episodes of cranky-baby-from-drive-naps due to these bad postures, we purchased this car seat specifically to help avoid these situations.

This seat can be reclined, avoiding the forward pitching when he sleeps. The high sides keep him from tilting his head harshly over to the side as well.Excellent booster seat for children
This seat is amazing, I bought it for my baby when she finally got to the transitioning stage of being able to face forward. It is amazing! The head rest grows with your child, and you can take the entire top off so they have just the booster part. I love this seat and am so glad I purchased it :) no regrets!Best seat you will ever buy!!!!
After reading the previews on this car seat, I was fortunate to speak with two different parents at separate shopping centers and they all recommended this car seat upon seeing my son. He loves his seat.Awesome product.
I actually bought this stroller on emergency. My husband had gone out of town and forgot to leave me with the car seat! haha I bought this in store and wasn't sure how my husband would feel about how much I spent but the durability and long term use of it was too much to pass up. My son was about 1 1/2 years at the time. I was thrilled! So much better than the 4 car seats we went through with my eldest son...who is now 6 and in need of ANOTHER booster seat! My son who uses this Graco seat 4 years old now. The car seat is in excellent condition, NO wear and tear, everything is just as good as the day we bought it! I'm now pregnant with our first baby girl and I fully intend to by the 'pink' version of this same carseat when she's big enough for it. LOVE THIS CARSEAT! I'm glad a I waited a few years to post a review. I know for sure this is a great buy! Definitely beats spending $300 total on upgrading seats every couple of years as the child grows. This one grows with the child.Worth Every Cent!
I researched convertible car seats quite a bit. All the reviews for this seat were great, so I bought it. I am very happy that I did. It's very easy to set up and use. Walmart had the best price for the seat, by far. I would recommend it if you're looking for a seat that you'll use for years, looks good, and is easy to use.Great car seat
OK, after researching over and over car seat safety, and all the different car seats out there, I decided on going with this model, despite the few negative reviews. First I'll start with We have two children, ages 6 and 3. Both are average sized kids. We used to own the cosco scenera and the evenflo big kid for our 6 year old, but felt that they werent safe enough and sturdy enough. So the hunt for new car seats began. WE absolutely LOVE this car seat for both our children!! Its sturdy, comfortable, and safe!! They have no problems with the buckle around the neck like others have had. Both are using the 5 point harness system (which should be used as long as possible!!!). BOTH fit perfectly and have NO problems with the crotch buckle either. My 6 year old will definately be able to use the harness to about 65lbs. I really dont understand the negative reviews on this seat pertaining to the crotch buckle. My boys both fit perfectly. So Im just guessing some people have enormous kids lol. Anyway, It was also very easy to assemble and the the instructions were very simple to follow. If your undecided on getting this car seat, get it and if you dont think your kid fits properly, save the box and receipt. Walmart has a great return policy. Cup holders are great, we have no problems and I love that it is an all in one, and that we will be using this as they grow and not need to change them out. I would HIGHLY recommend!!Quality car seat
I read all the reviews before purchasing this car seat. Everyone was spot on. I love this car seat & my 1year old loves her big girl seat. It's comfy & the price is right also. Great buy!Amazing!!!!
I love this carseat. It's easy to install, roomy and cushioned for the kiddie, and it's a great price. We loved this carseat so much, we bought another one for our other child. Would recommend to anyone.Would buy again and I did!!
We bought this for our grandson, we also have one for our older grandchild. This is a great car seat once you get the hang of it. Easy to put in and take out. The harness adjusts easily. Walmart had the best price and free shipping. Everything I have ordered from Walmart has come in great condition. : ) Also love the ship to store feature.Best Price, Great Seat
I use this seat for my nephew. He is four years old and I love that with this seat he still has alot of room to grow before he has outgrown it. My sister in law has the exact seat in her car. He loves the cup holder. I love that when he outgrows the harness we can also use it as a booster. It was hard at first to install but once you get used to how to do it installing it is very easy. It is a breeze to adjust the straps and the height of the headrest. We have used this seat in a mini van, chevy cavileir, dodge neon, ford focus and a ford extended cab truck and it has installed perfectly each time no problems.Love this seat!
Assembles fairly easily, adjusts easily and it's not bulky, like most carseats. It fits very well to the vehicle seat also - nice and snug with no wiggle room after installation. My daughter is tall and slender and I wanted a seat that would be comfortable for her. So far, she loves it! We'll be hanging on to this one for our younger baby also.All around great car seat...
The other day I had to use this car seat for a 5 1/2 year old. My son is only 2. However, this car seat is functional all I had to do was convert it to a high booster and the 5 1/2 year old fit in it great. I was amazed at how easy it was to transition. I really like the safety features. The 5 point harness is my favorite feature. My husband went to unbuckle our son for the first time and actually had to push really hard to unbuckle the harness. I was so happy because my son had always managed to open his other car seats by pushing the buckle button. It was nice to see that this car seat was designed to click in, buckle and remain buckled. Makes me know with no doubts that this car seat will be safe in the event of an accident. My son loves the cup holder.Most functional car seat I have owned.
I saw this carseat in the store and was not excited about the size but decided to get it anyway because it seems to be the only 3 in 1 out there right not. I received it 2 days after ordering it from walmart.com even though they said it would be about a week. It was extremely easy to set up. Extremely easy to install and turns out it wasn't too big once I had it in the car. My son loves the seat and so do I!LOVE this carseat
I already had this seat in my vehicle, but needed another seat for my husband's. We don't use his truck as often, but I still wanted something sturdy and reliable. This seat is great and I love the fact that I won't have to buy another one for my daughter. I was worried about her being able to sleep in this since it doesn't recline much, but it hasn't bothered her one bit. As a bonus, she loves the hidden cubby holes in the arm rest to hide her toys. It's also nice that's it's one of the highest rated seats for safety and the cost is very reasonable.Great Buy
I looked high and low for a car seat that would keep my 3-year-old harnessed past 40 lbs. A few months ago, the only possibilities were way out of my price range. I heard that Graco was coming out with a higher-weight harness seat and when I read glowing initial reviews by car seat technicians, I knew this was a seat worth looking at. I had a hard time finding one in a store -- eventually got one through site-to-store. I am very, very happy with this seat. There was a little bit of assembly required, but it wasn't difficult -- you just have to make sure the arms really "click" into place. Installation was a breeze in my Town & Country van, and it's in there tight as can be. Other than being pretty heavy, I think it will be easy to move if I have to. My son LOVES the sturdy cupholder and the little "toy cubbies" on the sides -- perfect for storing his trains and cars, and a snack. I love that it's extremely adjustable and that he has lots of room to grow in it. Love the "head wings" -- they're just enough for him to rest his head on when he sleeps in the car, but they don't seem to obstruct his view. My parents have already ordered one for their car.Best Carseat for the Money
I bought this car seat for my daughter two months ago. I loved the way it looked and how easy it could be converted to grow with my daughter. A month ago I was in a car wreck with my two year old. I was rear ended and shoved into another car as well. Complete damage to the front and back of my vehicle totaled my car. My daughter walked away without a scratch on her. I have since ordered another one of these car seats. After going through something like this makes me feel a little easier knowing she will be safe. Well worth the safety of my baby.Love this carseat
This is a great Carseat for Parents wanting to keep their older kis in a 5 point harness longer (which is safest) This is a Forward Facing Carseat only so it SHOULD be used for kids who are over 2yrs old and 20lbs (Rear Facing as long as possible/to the maximum weight limit of the carseat is the safest) At the VERY LEAST kids need to be 1yr AND 20lbs to be Forward Facing - even that is too young to be Forward in a Carseat!

This is a great carseat with nice Extras! At a great price!Nice Carseat For OLDER Kids
I bought one of these for my daughter over 4 years ago and recently for my 10 month old son. I am one who does a lot of research on products before I buy them, especially when it's a pricier item and concerns the safety of my children. This car seat is great. My daughter became too big to wear the harness, so I use the automobile safety belt in conjunction with the high back booster. She can really be using the regular booster now, but I still use it as a high back booster. I will do that as long as I can and then will convert it to a regular booster. For $139, you really can't beat the fact that you can use it for a car seat, high back booster and booster. It grows with the child and you only have to buy one seat.Great interchangeable seat
I got for the great reviews I read. I agree, I can see and feel that my toddler is more secure than other car seats we had in the past. I thought you can put it rear facing, I didn't find a way how. If you don't have a car for the harness ( my doesn"t), The seat belt has to front and across, making it uncomfortable the child (my opinion). Overall excellent product.Graco Bravo
We bought this based on the reviews and have not been disappointed. Our 2 year old seems to be very comfortable in it and can even sleep--which is unusual for her. We got it just before our holiday traveling and spent over 25 hours in the car with it on our trip.Love this!
I bought one of these seats for my youngest daughter and liked it so much that I bought a second seat for my oldest daughter. It's very easy to install and adjust. The cover can easily be removed to clean. I love that you can use the 5 point harness to 65 pounds. This seat is heavy, but it is very sturdy.Excellent car seat
I LOVE this seat! I have a 4 year old son that needed a new car seat. I wasn't comfortable with just using a booster, so I did some research and decided on the Graco - Nautilus 3-in-1 Multi-Use Car Seat, Bravo. I bought it at Walmart.com because it was the lowest price around. He fits in the seat perfectly, and there is still room to grow. The harness straps do not twist up like my old seat either - which I love. My son loves the 2 storage holes on each arm rest.

All in all, two thumbs up on this seat!Great Seat
We have ordered the regular Graco - Nautilus 3-in-1 (Gray color) but we got the elite version.
We did not like the color initially, but after feeling the material and seeing the couple of other good features that elite had, we loved it. Our son loves to sit on this car seat and thats yet another reason to love this car seat.Loved it..!
Amazing car seat!! It seems to hug our little boy, and is MUCH more comfortable than his old rear-facing (so glad to be 1 year old now). I did not notice the cup holder until we picked it up, but our boy has actually figured it out and will put his sippy cup back when he is done drinking! This is the best car seat out there for safety and comfort, so do not settle for less.Fabulous
We bought this for our daughter because she seemed too tall for her Evenflo convertible carseat. She was within the height limits, but has a long torso, so she sits rather high in her seat. This one is awesome! I love love love the adjustable back, which is perfect for tall kids. It seems very sturdy, and looks very protective. I really appreciate the high weight limit, since that means my daughter can be in the protective 5-point harness as long as possible. My daughter loves the cupholder and extra storage to put all her little toys. The straps are easy to adjust, and while it took me some time to get it all together, it was really easy to install in our car. I also have had to take the cover off and wash it since my daughter spilled an entire drink in it, and it came out of the washer good as new. I would recommend this for anyone and will definitely be buying another when we have another child. I only wish these had been around when my son was still in a carseat!awesome car seat!
My 6 yr old daughter is 50 inches and 40 pounds. I don't feel comfortable with her in just a booster with the seatbelt. When I saw that this one has the harness until 65 pounds I was excited. So far she is comfortable in it and likes the drink holder and cubby holes in the arm rests. She loves the wings since it holds her head when she falls asleep on the long trips to see the Grandparents.Great seat!
I purchased this car seat for my grandson's first birthday. I shopped stores and internet and Walmart Online beat the stores by $40 and free shipping to store. Will definitely check with Walmart Online before making additional purchases. My daughter in law already had one of the Graco seats for their older son. Excellent car seat.Best price around
This car seat is great! I had tried to get my 4 year old autistic son to stay in a booster seat. NO GO. I purchased this one online and it is awesome. He can use it with the harness until he is 65lbs, so I don't have to worry about him getting out any time soon. I then got a second one for my 2 year old. They both like them. The cup holders are great, right within easy reach. Putting it together was easy. They are no bigger than all the other convertible seats. They are a little pricey but for how long it will get used its worth it.great for kids with autism
We bought this carseat for my 2 1/2 yr old, about two months ago. So far we love it! We have four kid's and have bought a many of carseat. This one is by far the best one we have every bought!! The price is even great too!
Pros:
-easy to install
-soft padding
-easy to buckle/unbuckle
-son enjoys riding in it
-easy to use cupholder

Cons:
I really can't think of any!! We love this seat!!Best Carseat we've purchased
I got this carseat for my son 3 yrs ago and i love it. You never have to buy a booster seat, this is it. It fits so good for him and its very sturdy. My daughter just turn 1 and im about to buy the girly verson of this. Well worth it!Love the Carseat!
My daughter has had this car seat for my granddaughter for the last 2 years. I finally just bought one the are comfortable. She likes it and the cup holder comes in handy. Very sturdy.Great Car Seat
great product. a little difficult to adjust the straps. but will buy another one for our other car. like the storage on both arm rest. we hide toys in there to keep the kid entertainedmy kid loves it
I have only had this product for a few weeks and so far very pleased with it. It was easy to put together and to install. I really like that the five point harness has their own chambers in the back so they do not get twisted.
The only negative thing I can say is I wish there was more padding in the seat. Every where else has great padding. Please do not let that discourage you from purchasing this seat.
It is the only one I have found that goes up to 65 lbs in the five point harness. My son is almost three and is two pounds away from 40. I did alot of research and most car seats only go up to 40 lbs, then they want you to switch to a seat belt, but I felt that my son was way to young for a seat belt. I am glad that there is a company out there that realizes children come in all shape and sizes.Easy to install
I bought 2 of these for my twin grandsons and my son (their father) is tickled pink with them. This is a great well constructed sturdy car seat that will grow with your child. It's a little on the pricey side but when you consider the fact that you won't have to buy a larger one when your child grows the expandable seat is actually cheaper in the long run.This is a great car seat!
We first got the Graco Nautilus (different style) for our daughter at one year when she grew out of the infant seat. She is over 4 now and 40 pounds and still fit in the carseat. We loved it so much we got one for my husband's car and for my Mother's car. When my son turned one we bought this Graco Nautilus. Again for my van, my husband's car and my mom's car. This carseats, once installed don't even move. They are in there so tight and snug that's it's like an actual part of the car seat. We bought so many because I don't feel like playing musical carseats and they are actually a carseat that grows with your child and so worth the money. My children CANNOT undo the carseat harness. I'm glad too because I have been told by friends how their children will undo the harness while their driving. One has a Britax and one has a Cosco. I have no trouble getting the kids in and out myself. And those little hidden compartments in the seats are pretty cool. My daughter keeps her sunglasses in there and other stuff she likes to do while in the car.Love the Graco Nautilus carseats. We have 6.
I bought this car seat for my 2 and a half year old son last week and I am really satisfied with it! This is his 3rd forward facing car seat that we have purchased because the sides wouldn't hold his head up whenever he would sleep in the car and cause his head to roll around. This one has very deep sides that hold his head nicely! He is a big boy for his age and this car seat has many slots for the 5 point harness to be adjusted to where it is supposed to be on him. I will only be buying this car seat for any of our future children, it was super easy to put together and the instructions were very clear. Great purchase, definitely worth the money.Wonderful Car Seat!
This car seat serves its purpose and I personally love it. It was hard for me to set up, I first had my brother in law put it in my car, then my husband set it up in our van and he struggled a bit to get all the safety restraints connected to the seat. We have decided we like it enough to get one in pink for our lil girl when she outgrows her baby carseat.great seat
I love everything about this car seat. I bought it for my oldest son when he was almost 2. He still uses it now as a 5 year old, and can continue to use it until it expires in several years. Just recently, I bought another one for his 2-year old brother. It's easy to use, easy for them to climb into, easy to fasten, easy to tighten, and not an obnoxious color. Highly recommended! My only complaint is that I wish it had 2 cup-holders.

BTW, last I checked, this was a top-rated car seat on Consumer Reports. Another bonus!Love it.
I love this product. I had taken two of my three seats out for a trip with adults. We were hit very hard from the rear as we sat at a red light. The car seat did not move or suffer any damage. The back of my van was crushed( totaled)!! ( no injuries, thank God) Of course we had to discard that car seat because it had been in an auto accident, but I just ordered another Graco Nautilus 3 in 1 for my new van. My grandsons love them. They love the "secret hiding place" and cup holders are easy to reach. I totally recommend this productI bought three for my grandsons!
I bought this seat after weeks of research and am very glad that I did. We needed a second car seat for my husbands pickup, after checking out 'cheap' secondary seats we decided it wasn't worth it...then I found this seat and decided to try it out. Our son absolutely loves it....he can see over the sides without leaning forward - he can actually reach the cupholder which is stationary (about time!) and his legs dont point up to the sky...now when we put him in his graco 'safe seat' he throws a fit - I can see the difference in the positioning and I'm sure it is not as comfortable as the Nautilus.
The only downside.....doesn't really "recline" so when we ended up taking a longer road trip we had to prop his head up with his blanket.Great Car Seat!
I have been obsessed with finding the right carseat for my 2 1/2 year old for about 5 months. I read about the Nautilus and decided I wanted one. Once I got it, setting up was very easy and I was ready to install it in about 10 minutes. This was including the adjustment of the straps. My husband said it was VERY easy to install (as easy as the Britax) in my Corolla. It fits well, and my son loves the little "hiding places" in the armrests.
I love the fact that I am done buying a car seat for him. I also like the fact that I can keep him in a 5 point harness for a long time. When my 10 month old outgrows her 40 pound weight limit convertible seat, she will be getting this car seat.Great seat!
We bought this for our 6 month old son (whom is over 20 pounds and too big for his infant seat!) He loves that he is sitting up taller in it and we love how easy it is to work with.Love It
I recently got one of these seats (they are very hard to find in stores but I called 12 to find one) for the 4 year old I nanny for. I love it.
*The top harness height is a little more than 18".
I've also used the Safety 1st Apex and would recommend spending the extra $20 on this seat. It is so sturdy and the buckles are really nice. I can't say enough about this seat, it is just awesome.
*Keep kids in a 5 point harness as long as you can, for their safety!This is a great seat.
I love this carseat, bought it for my first daughter, and now i bought it for my second baby.love it
This carseat has met all of my expectations. My 2.5 year old will be able to be in a 5 point harness for longer. He loves the cupholder. The padded buckle is nice. But mostly I love that his head doesn't fall forward when he falls asleep. Also, this seat is more compact than other versions and doesn't require my front seat to be so far forward. I wouldn't bother spending the money on the Britax when this carseat is so good. Great product!!Better than the pricier one
We purchase this carseat for our son who is 4 and is 50lbs. He was in a lapbelt one and wasn't secure in it and I didn't feel safe with him in it. This seat exeeds what I was looking for. I was looking for something like a Britax or a Radian 65 or 80. This carseat was much less expensive then those and offers alot of nice support. When I push on the sides of the carseat it doesn't give like the others for his age and weight. I like the metal bars in the back. I also like the cup holder position because we have 3 carseats in the backseat of my truck. There isn't room for cup holders. My son LOVES it. We had no problem changing him back to a 5pt harness. I would say it is a must have for children that out grown the other 5pt harnesses.Graco Car seat
TO: Momof3boysAZ --I hope you see this message.

This car seat CANNOT be used rear-facing.

I love this seat. I have two of them. One for my 17 month old and one for 3 1/2 year old. We have two other brands in another car and I WISH they were the Nautilus. I love that we don't need to purchase them another seat ever again.Great Seat!
Bought this car seat from Walmart because it was MUCH cheaper here than any other store that carries it. I LOVE this seat. My 18 month old fits it nicely with plenty of room to grow. I was hoping my 6 year old would fit for a 5 point harness booster seat, but the crotch strap sits too close to the seat back and she sits right on top of it. They need to place a third slot further from the seat back so that larger kids can still use the 5-point harness option. If Graco did this the seat would be a great competitor for the Britax Frontier at half the cost. Another down side is that it is VERY heavy! I had to gate check this seat at the airport and it was very difficult to maneuver through the airport - it will not fit through the security scanners and must be done by hand. Super easy to assemble out of the box and LOVE that it has places to clip the LATCH hooks to when not using them in the car so they don't drag or get tangled. Overall a great car seat!Great Car Seat!!! A little bulky
We priced different named brands and kept coming back to this one not only for the price, but for the features. It will last for many years and should be the last car seat purchased. Our daughter is comfortable in it and falls asleep very quickly in it when she's sleepy. When not sleepy, she enjoys looking out the window and also finally seeing us in the front. I would recommend if possible reclining the seat (actual seat, not baby car seat) a bit so the car seat tilts back a little. This way the childs head won't fall forward when sleeping. Another option is to get a neck pillow as we did. Overall I think it's well worth the money. We have other Graco products and have always been satisfied, and this product seems to also be in line with their great quality products.Excellent car seat.
I received this carseat a few weeks ago after reading many reviews and looking on consumer report. It is a great carseat especially for the value!!!Great
I just bought this carseat for my 4 year old. It reclines slightly, which is nice..he loves it.Great price - love it
LOVE the Graco Nautilus! My (still harnessed) 5 1/2 year old has been in this seat since she was 3 and it's great! Just got another one for my 2 1/2 year old. I love that they can stay harnessed till 65lbs, they are a lot safer that way & we plan on keeping them harnessed. My older child has no complaints about anything & neither do I. Also Walmart has the best price on the seat, you can get them in other stores with different colors but it wasnt worth the extra $ to have a different color. Just PLEASE dont put a baby in this seat, they must be rear facing till at least 1 (prefferably 2) AND 20lbs. This seat is ONLY forward facing.Best Seat
We purchased this before going on a 17 hour car trip with our little one. It was perfect! Very comfy, and the recline feature allowed her to sleep easily.Very good seat
I really don't get how other reviewers could just assume because it says 3-in-1 that it would rear face, nor do I understand why they are claiming false advertising. It is a 3-in-1, all 3 happen to be forward facing and are absolutely awesome! First for your child that does not meet standards for a shoulder strap booster, you do have the 5-point harness. Then, as your child grows they can swap from the 5-point to the shoulder strap. Finally, for your bigger kids that are just not to that size requirement for not needing a booster seat, you can use just the bottom and remove the back. There you have the 3-in-1. My 5-year old thinks this is the best car seat ever. We both love the cup holder and the "hiddie holes" for her snack and small toys. I love that it can actually be tilted so for long trips, when she falls sleep, I can tilt the seat back and make her more comfortable. Two thumbs way up to Graco for this fantastic big kid car seat!!!Fantastic FRONT FACING carseat!!!
I've had this seat for two years now and I can't say I have any complaints. My son is 4, 44 inches, and 54 lbs and is still comfortable in the 5 pt harness. We haven't had any issues with fit that other have people mentioned and my son has broad shoulders, and is more the size of a 5 year old. I fully expect him to be in the 5 pt harness through age 6. I'm happy with this seat and would buy it again.Used for two years so far...
I have not had the Graco Nautilus very long, bought it for my grandson when he outgrew his infant carrier. He loves the seat and being able to look out while he rides in the car. The seat was easy to install in my car, and seems to be very well made.
I looked at stores and researched on the internet for carseats, and am happy with the decision to purchase the Graco Nautilus. I would recommend the seat to anyone looking for a forward facing seat for a child over 20 lbs.A good seat for the grandson
I have been looking for a new car seat for my son who just turned 1 a few weeks ago. I wanted a seat that will last until he is 8 - or whatever that new law is that says kids need a booster seat until they're older. Anyway, this car seat fit the bill. It wasn't outrageously priced, it has wonderful padding on all sides (in case he falls asleep), it has a 5-point harness (so he can't undo it himself when he gets older) and the adjusting strap is in front - easy to access, it has a cup holder (or a toy holder - which wasn't that important, but is nice to have), and it was super easy to assemble. My son is actually taller for his age group and so I needed to adjust the straps right off the bat. I was concerned with threading, but it was a snap! Also, the latch system for the seat is super simple and fast to get in and out of the car. I knew it was a hit when I took it out of the box and had it sitting on the floor and my son crawled over to it, sat down and started kicking his feet! It's a keeper!Will pay for itself...
I have an 18 month old who was first in an infant safeseat, then a toddler safeseat (the one that fully reclines while installed). We've needed a second carseat for a while, and chose this one because, as they say, it's the last car seat you'll need to buy. First the negatives: As Graco car seats go, this one was a pain to install. The metal seatbelt clip is almost impossible. The nautilus doesn't recline like the toddler safeseat, which is bad for falling asleep. He doesn't seem to mind, but I hate how unocmfortable he looks. The positives: It is compact, which is good for small backseats like mine... it leaves room for his legs to wiggle. It fits perfectly, very snug, and he looks really comfortable in it. It has a ton of padding. He loves the arm rests, which are hollow facing inside the carseat, so he hides little toys and balls there for later enjoyment. And the cupholder is great too. I would have given it 5 stars except for the lack of the recline feature.overall, a good buy
We've been using this car seat for over two years. We're finally using the 3rd stage of the seat, the low booster. Overall, the seat is great. It's extremely heavy and built well. I read 100s of reviews before deciding on this seat. We had originally purchased a $40 booster and after using it for a few months I knew it wasn't safe. My kid's safety is priceless! Anyway, the first stage of the seat was great. At age 3 1/2 my daughter was starting to unbuckle herself while driving, which was a problem. I think Graco could have made the seat so that it's harder for a child to unbuckle at that stage. The second stage was okay. I felt like my child was still safe. Before I continue, let me tell you the latch on this seat is awful. It does work, but it moves. No matter how hard my husband pulled after a few days the seat was wobbling. My daughter has been using the third stage of the booster for the last week and we are now considering another booster. Unfortunately the third stage of this seat doesn't have a latch and the seat moves. Overall, this was a great seat at the first stage, good at the second stage (due to the latch moving no matter what we tried), and okay at the last stage (due to not having a latch and the seat moving away from the seat. I do still recommend this seat. It's safe and will protect your child from any accident.Overall great, but had some flaws.
I think this is a great car seat overall. I have only used the Graco Nautilus and the Britax Marathon, and although the Britax is an awesome car seat we actually decided to purchase another Nautilus for my 2nd son, who is now two. The main two reasons- #1-the cup holder and little cubby holes on the inside of the arm rests. My older son, Jacob, loves these features and keeps his favorite treasures stored away for car trips. #2-the price. It is a great value. We plan on keeping our children in 5 point harness systems for as long as possible, and this is one of the only car seats that enables us to do so while still keeping us in our budget! It is also easy to remove the cushions if your child has an accident, which is an extra bonus. :)just bought nautilus #2!
I recently bought this seat for my 2 year old when his Safety 1st seat broke a little (just the handles to adjust straps but I wanted to be on the safe side). I knew this one would be more of a pain to change the height of the straps since you have to rethread them but since it was the adjustment handles that broke on our other one, I didn't want to buy the same and have it break again. What I didn't count on was the frustration over moving the crotch strap! I spent about 20 minutes messing with it and realized there must be another way. I Googled "Graco Nautilus adjust crotch strap" and found this video:http://youtu.be/7ICzmfZ37DQ. Two minutes later I was done. Hint: Don't try to turn the buckle completely, just slide one corner through at a time. I did not use a hammer like they do in the video. Other people are complaining about how short the crotch strap is but if you make the shoulder straps longer, connect it, and then tighten them again, it isn't a problem at all. It was easy to install and looks great. Adjustable head rest seems pointless since it doesn't move the shoulder straps and the cover on the crotch latch is a joke. The cup holder will not fit a sippy cup with handles so not useful for us at this point. Overall I like the seat a lot and would recommend it.Watch video about Crotch Latch adjustment
I needed another carseat for my youngest son for my husbands truck, these fit great and are very affordable. I have two Britax for my first son and they are much heavier, sturdier and solid; but the price is also $200 more. These Graco ones are rated well, affordable and attractive in color. I am happy with my purchase, I bought them mail order in the double pack. =)

**there was a review about the crotch strap being very short and it is. I do feel like I'm having to dig around under his crotch to find it in comparision to my other seats, but its a minor problem.Great Affordable Carseat!
I ordered two of these to replace previous car seats after a crash that totaled my vehicle. These were easy to install with both seat belt and latch (most latch lower anchors are only designed to hold up to a 40# child so I installed 4 year old's seat with the belt and 2 year old's with latch). I needed a higher weight limit seat with harness straps as my little ones still fall asleep in the car and they would be out of position without the harness straps. Good seat for a fair price that will last for years and grow with your child.

The crotch buckle is a bit stiff to release but I believe it's intentional so your older toddlers don't unbuckle themselves while traveling.Great carseat for your toddler
This car seat is great for 3 year old weight starting around 30 lbs. the adjustments on the 5 point safety harness are very easy to adjust. The belt clip only has two positions, if you have a meaty bottom toddler this may be a tight squeeze. The cushion is good but if you have to adjust the seat at all it is a waste of material because it doesn't adjust with the height requirements. Nice style and cup holder is easy for toddlers to use (good position in relationship to their arms/body). Very easy to install & reinstall.Great stylist 3-in-1 booster seat
I bought this seat for my 2 1/2 yr old son and it fits him great. I reclines just enough that he can sleep easily in it on long trips. It was easly to set up and put in my car. Its a great car seat at a great price.Graco - Nautilus 3-in-1 Multi-Use Car Seat, Bravo
We have had Britax car seats in the past for our kids, but one of them expired. Our child will only needs to use a five point harness for a couple more years before he can be in a high back booster. This seat was easy to install in the car and easy to adjust to the child. The only issue we had was that the crotch strap wouldn't release from one position so that we could reposition it in the other setting; so we exchanged it for one that worked just fine. Just wish they had better clips to latch the seat into the car for more ease of taking it in and out.Very nice seat for the price.
I chose this car seat instead of a booster for my 4 year old, as my mother was buying as a gift and we may have another child. We can use it for our daughter up to 100 pounds, and a baby as small as 20. She seems comfortable and likes the head rest and the cupholder.

Easy to put together once I figured out all the parts- and for day to day adjusting there is a simple strap under her knees.

The release buttons are a little stiff compared to similar Graco seats I've seen, but our daughter can buckle herself in, which is important to her.

Like the smoother fabric rather than the velvety fuzzy stuff...Made the right choice
The latch connectors are hooks, rather than the snap-in connectors. It is extremely difficult to take in and out. Aside from that, the seats are comfortable. We had hoped these were easy to take in and out, but they are NOT. Disappointing!Too tough to put in and take out!
I bought this seat for my son when he turned 2 years old. He had been in a Britax Roundabout, but I needed it for my baby. I wanted a seat that harnessed up to 65 lbs. then converted to a booster seat, so I wouldn't have to buy yet another car seat in a couple of years. I narrowed my choices to the Nautilus and the Britax Frontier. (My oldest child is in a Britax Marathon, and I'd never owned another brand.) I ended up going with the Nautilus because it was $150 less than the Frontier, but had very similar features.

When I took it out of the box, it took me less than 10 minutes to assemble. The directions were fairly clear, and assembly was simple. The seat was nice looking, too. It installed in my car pretty easily, even though the LATCH connectors are a bit of a hassle. My son liked sitting in it right away, and thought the built-in cupholder was great.

Some pros:
Harnesses to 65 lbs., good "wings" for protection in side-impact crashes, installs well in vehicle, coverts to high-back and backless booster, great value

Some cons:
The fabric gets dirty VERY easily. By the third day of using it, the fabric needed to be wiped down with a wet cloth. The fabric is a huge pain to get off if you need to wash it. There are about two dozen tiny hooks that you need to undo to take it off... and then you have to do it again to put it back on. My son's head slumps forward in this seat, which it never did in the Britax.

Summary:
This seat is a great value. It will fit your child from 1 year old to 8 years old, and it only costs $145. However, it isn't as nice looking, as comfortable, as easy to use or as sturdy as the Britax seats in this category.Good value, not best product
This seat is ok. We downsized from a Britax Regent to this seat. I wish I had kept the Britax. The Graco is ok. The seat is much more narrow than it looks in the picture...which I guess was the point of me downsizing...but I feel like it is a little too narrow for my daughter to be comfortable. She just turned 3 and is about 28 lbs, which is not big by any means. Also, like many other reviews, she can not fall asleep well in this seat. She has never been a sleeper in the car, but does nap ocassionaly. This seat does not allow her the room to rest her head on the side and her head falls forward (everytime). Her head never fell forward in the regent. If I had it to do over, I would have kept the regent until she outgrew it...It's just OK...
For me second child my goal on the car seats were, safety, comfortable, and recline. This seat is great with looks, cup holder, love that it goes up to 100 Lbs BUT the recline funtion is minimal. Don'e even know why they are allowed to adverstise it as a recline. Still questioning on keeping the additional one I bought or looking for another with a better recline for trips.Nice but unhappy with the recline
I like this car seat but I have a difficult time unhooking the harness to get my son out. The top part is easy to open but the bottom can be quite challenging. I almost returned it but called Customer Service and the lady told me to make sure I point it toward my child to open as pulling on it (away from child) actually locks it. I tried it before I had my son in it and it did make a huge difference. It was quite easy to open. However, when he's in it I still have difficulty opening it but I can. I'll try cutting my thumbnail and see if that makes a difference. We love the storage for toys and the cup holder and it's very nice-looking and sturdy.It does the job
I bought two to fit my twins who are four, weighting 38 lbs and under 40". As per thousand reviews on this booster, I relied on opinions and decided to chance it. Well over it looks nice and sturdy, great design, however the deal braker for me was when I tried to recline the seat, only budged a bit. It looked as if it was in the normal position :(
I sat my son in to see if he would fit, and to be honest they weren't roomy. I can only imagine what it would be like in the winter with heavy coats :-/

So I decided to return and not tortute my twins. I am still on a search to find inexpensive,
Reclining booster that can accommodate my growing kids...Three position recline isn't much of recline :(
Bought 1st Graco car seat in 2007; loved it. Had twins in 2012 and bought another Graco. What a mistake. Front latch is cheaper and hard to close. Belt tension release also redesigned -you'd be better off cutting the strap. I wish I would have considered other brands. Not recommended by me.Quality Dropping
I bought this because of many good reviews for my 1 yr old to use for our other car. we have a Chicco which I completely LUV it! But because they are pricey this is my 2nd runner up. Ok good points>it's not at all bulky easy to use simple my child likes it. Bad points> does not hardly recline at all and when it does it doesn't even seem like it! when my child falls asleep her poor head is dangling I have to prop stuff on the sideIt's alright
We just bought this for our 3 year old son. He weighs 40 pounds and was too big for his carseat. It took me a while to find a booster seat where I could use the 5 point harness past 40 pounds. It is a bit heavy. I love this seat. It was 180 in the store. It is cheaper to purchase online.Love it
I bought this seat over the weekend and am very excited about it. I bought it for my 3 year old 33.5lb girl and she has LOTS of room to grow in it. My other daughter is 8 and she weighs 52lbs and is 50.5 inches tall and has a little more room in it. She rides in a Britax Regent and I love that one too, but this Graco is easier to install compared to the Regent. I am a CPS technician and am definately going to recommend this seat to others all the time!
My only complaint is the child on the box should be rear facing since he looks much smaller than 33lbs and it's best to keep them rear facing as long as possible. Also, the picture of the seat in high back booster mode should have an older child in it since the harness goes to 65lbs... why not use it for as long as possible. If my 8 year old still fits in it... then that child definately would be fine in the harness.
This is a great seat at a great price. Please consider harnessing your child as long as possible. Also use the top tether whenever available or get one retrofitted from your auto dealer. It could save your child's life!GREAT SEAT!!! LOVE LOVE LOVE IT!
I have twins that are almost 14months old. I LOVE this seat, they LOVE this seat. I had no problems installing the seats and/or fitting them in comfortably. My twins are 30.5in tall & 23lbs, they will be able to use the seats a long time. I agree with the other poster the only downfall is the lack of color choices and the fact that these CAN NOT be rear facing. Overall, I'm extremely pleased.Great Price Great Quality
I decided to write a review since the ones on here are a couple of years old. Yes, it's true, this seat is fantastic. I purchased it last year as I was getting my son to face forward. He is 2 now, and he sits very comfortably in it. It has the LATCH system, which is excellent, the seat will not budge once it's installed. I went to my local fire dept. to ask for assistance in making sure it was installed properly. It's very comfortable, the straps adjust very easily and the material is machine washable. It adjusts easily, and is very comfortable. If I could improve it, I'd add another cupholder @ the other armrest and would include a foamy head cradle. Also, I'm hoping to find an extra car seat base, if it's available? Otherwise, this is perfect and a smart investment, considering how it will take you through most all the childhood years! When I first purchased it, it was very hard to find, but now, if it's easily available, snap it up!The Perfect One!
My daughter is one year old and just barely meets the weight requirement for this car seat, but I knew this was the seat for her. Luckily I was able to try the comfort of the seat out at a store and she didn't cry when I put her in it. I put the car seat together (few steps and very easy) and got it in the car (also very easy to do with the directions). We went for a drive and she was asleep within 15 minutes. She could face forward and see me and more of the world outside, and it was comfortable enough for her to fall asleep! Her head stays upright while asleep. The harness is very easy to tighten and loosen. The latch on the harness is not always easy to release, but you don't want it to be since it is right in front of her. I like that she can store a little board book in her arm rests and she can easily reach her cup in the cup holder. I am happy with the idea that I will not have to buy another Booster Seat when she is ready for that step. She already has it in this seat and won't have to get used to another new seat. Overall I am very happy and so is she!!!Great buy!
Just like the other 600 reviews I give this carseat 5 stars! I bought 3! One for my 6 yr old (45lbs), my 4 1/2 yr old (42lbs), and my 3 yr old (35lbs). After seeing videos on youtube about how a 5 point harness could have saved their 4 yr old instead of the booster seat that they were in, I had to get a carseat that was going to keep them harnessed in a 5pt straps as long as possible! I am also going to keep my littlest baby (7 1/2 months old now) rear facing until she is 35lbs! I recommend this to EVERYONE! It is NOT mandatory to get your 3 year old in a booster seat and is NOT recommended! Keep your children SAFE! Just remember babies up until they are 35lbs should be rear facing! Straps should be at or below shoulders and chest clip at armpit level! Children 35-65lbs should be harnessed in a 5pt seatbelt and the straps should be at or above shoulders and chest clip at armpit level! I love this carseat and so do my girls! It is so comfy that my 3 year old is able to sleep in it everytime. I'm getting the word out about this carseat and recommending to anyone with children 35lbs and up! Thank you again Graco!!AMAZING! Thumbs Up to Graco!
I have been searching for the right car seat for the price I could afford. I was originally looking at Britax Marathon, but $300 is WAY to much for my family to afford. I wanted safety, durability and longevity for an affordable price. I found the Nautilus and instantly found what I was looking for, plus this car seat I can use as a booster up to 100 pounds! Not even Britax has that option in one car seat. My son is only 8 months old right now, but once he turns 1 we will be set. There were complaints that childrens head fell forward when sleeping, but when I put him in it today just to see how he fit - it seemed fine (of course it may be a different actually installed in my Tahoe). I love that it is heavy duty and sturdy. My nine year old came home and he is 54 inches tall and weighs 55 pounds and he fit into the booster with back perfectly. Unfortunetly, he is almost 10 or I would consider getting him one also - he loved it!
I would highely recommend this product to other families that couldn't afford the Britax (which was my first choice). Plus, you won't have to buy another one after this! I do advise that you buy this carseat online because it is cheaper than purchasing in the walmart store! Also, there were complaints about the croch buckle being too far back, my son will have ample room for a while because you can move it forward and also you can remove some of the extra padding that behind the harness for more room. I don't think the others noticed this because there is plenty of room. My baby is big (22 pounds and 27 inches long) now for 8 months old and I don't forsee any problems when he turns one year old. This product is best suited for installation into one vehicle and leaving it there. I personally am a mom tthat uses her one truck for everything. I would advise that if you are a family that uses 2+ vehicles that you purchase two to make your life easier. You won't go wrong with this product in my opinion. I can't wait to use it!Everything I Wanted and More!
I was dissapointed to see that the harness straps do not adjust with the headrest (one hand adjustment). The picture is misleading. I was also dissapointed to see that once your child is out of the lowest harness slot, the padded insert for the seat has to be removed. Not much cushion underneath it. The location of the harness slots vs child's shoulders- there is too much of a gap between one and the next. My daughter is 27 lbs, 35 1/2 in, yet the smallest setting goes BELOW her shoulders, and the next setting up seems way too high. It is also hard to install in my 2002 Nissan Sentra. I can't seem to get a tight fit (with the belt). I attribute this however, to it's size and my semi bucket seats- although, the Cosco Scenera was a breeze to get tight. I am somewhat overall dissapointed. The only thing I seem to like about this seat is the fact that it goes to 65 lbs harnessed.Hmmm..... dissapointed.
I absolutely love this seat! We started my daughter riding in it when she was 10 months old - she was 20 pounds - and hated her rear facing car seat!! She fits in it comfortably and is able to see out. The straps fit her perfectly and it's an ease to get her in and out of!! We also like the cup holder - which now holds her smaller toys so she can reach them easily. I would highly recommend this car seat!! I am glad it's something we will be using for years to come!!!!!!!LOVE THIS CAR SEAT!!!
I love this carseat, i bought this for my little boy when he was 10 months he was getting to big for his infant carrier, I saw it at the store and fell inlove with it and so did my Husband, we have had it now for about 6 months and i could not ask for a better carseat, and the price was awesome too, Ow and the Cupholder is a great part of it, my son keeps his sippy in it at all time... I cant wait to buy the twin pink one for my little girl!!AWESOME CARSEAT!
Our four year old cannot sleep in the car without her head flopped forward, even when we recline the seat back as far as the adjustment goes, even when I stuff towels under the seat to recline it even more. This is crazy; kids sleep in cars! This factor may cause us to RETURN it, unless we can re-engineer it. Not something you should have to do with a product like this.

Aside from that MAJOR PROBLEM for our use, it's a nice seat. We bought it because we only have a lap belt in the center-rear seating position, and with this seat, she can use the seat's harness up to 65lbs, or until her shoulders don't properly fit under the top harness position.POOR FOR SLEEPING
The carseat came highly reccomended by family and friends, but we were dissapointed. The strap between the legs does not seem to provide enough room for my son. My family and friends that love it have girls, so I'm wondering if maybe the seat is just more narrow and doesn't have the extra room that boys need in the between the leg area. It's also hard to tighten the straps with a winter jacket on.
I think we will be returning the seat and buying another Evenflo. We like how the Evenflo has a knob on the side to tighten or loosen the straps.Dissapointed
Pros: -This is a great forward facing ONLY seat.
-It harnesses to 65 lbs and has taller harness slots.
-Fairly easy to install.
-Very sturdy seat.
-Cup holder, and cubbies in armrests to store snacks and toys.

Cons: -It does not rear face, or fit children under 2 or 3 years old well.
-It is a wide seat so does not puzzle well with other car seats in the same row.
-It does not usually make a very good fitting booster when the harness is outgrown.
-It is a very heavy seat, so moving it between vehicles is a pain.
-The crotch strap is often uncomfortable for some kids as they are sitting on it, and it does not adjust out further.

Overall: This is a great forward facing, harnessing seat only. Make sure you have your child test it out in the store before buying to make sure the crotch strap is not going to bother them. If you are looking for a rear facing seat, or booster seat, this is not the seat for you.
-NOT a CONVERTIBLE car seat!
if you are thinking of making this seat for a 1 year old dont!not rear facing
I have been searching for a carseat to accomadate, my daughter who is 22 months old and weighs about 40 lbs! And this was one was my first option afte searching! She fits very comfortable in this carseat with some room to grow. I didn't have any problems installing it in my 98 Taurus. The only draw back is that it is heavy!Awesome Carseat!
We bought this car seat after our daughter out grew her Britax Marathon. She was just too tall for it and it started looking uncomfortable. We chose the Nautilus because she's tall and big for her age and we liked that the harness could be used for up to 65 pounds. Our daughter is two and is almost 40 inches tall and weighs 41 pounds. This car seat fits her perfectly with plenty of room to grow. I've read other reviews that stated that is doesn't recline very much. The second row of our Durango has two recline settings and we put it on the farthest back so that the seat would sit just a little more reclined. It works for my daughter, she loves it. And we've had no problems with her head slumping when she falls asleep.Wonderful Car Seat
It was necessary for us to purchase this booster chair due to our having a 43 lb 2 year old. After a couple of adjustments, our son loved the seat. It is very durable and I believe this will be the last booster we will need. I would recommend it to anyone.Great Buy
Buy this car seat! It's perfect!LOVE
very comfortableA+ product
this car seat will last until my grandson graduates to a regular seat buckles we use!care seat
We bought this car seat for our nine month old and he loves it. I wish we would have bought this seat first but instead we went with the traditional infant seat for more money. I like the fact that after buying this one we will not have to buy another since it converts to all stages. We would recomend you buying this car seat.Excellent car seat and great price.
I have had this car seat for a little over a year now and I only have good things to say about it. My son is comfortable and when he sleeps, his head does not fall forward because of the recline feature and the big padded head support on the sides. We only have one car seat so we are constantly swapping it between car and truck and it only takes about 5 - 10 minutes to put into either car. We have a Honda Civic 4 door car and a toyota tacoma truck and it fits tight and snug in both. In my car because it is an older model it does not have the hooks to attach the extra safety straps but it fits tight and snug with just the seat belt, properly installed of course. I would highly recommend this product, it is worth every penny and more.Excellent product by Graco
we bought this for our 8 month old and it is great! the seat is very soft and big enough to make her feel safe. the seat itself is not very heavy at all. our daughter loves being able to see and this is great. she sits there just like the rest of us. the cup holder and side pockets are great too! she can keep her toys right by her side and i don't have to keep picking them up out of the floor. the seat is not huge like it looks. it fits perfectly in the seat of our van and still gives us room in our f-150. this is the best carseat i have seen. why spend more money and buy 2-3 different seats as your child grows when you can buy one for all the different stages. great product!great product
I purchased this car seat for my grandson who is 17 months old and weighs 25lbs. It's perfect!!! Thanks to all of the prior reviews, I went out and purchased it and I'm glad I did. He fits very comfortable with plenty of room to grow. I would definitly refer this to any mother or grand- parent who is shopping for a sturdy and comfortable car seat for their child.The Best!
I ordered the product on walmart.com after reading user reviews online for this product.
Right away I got confirmation that my product is ready to be picked-up from the store.
When I unbox the car seat it was dirty, had stains on it and found surface little sticky (candy marks). I immediately returned it to nearest walmart. I logged a complaint. They gave me "free" replacement of the product. I checked the car seat there and then.

Again, nothing wrong with the product. It was just one odd bad experience buying stuff online.Do Not Order It From Walmart.com
It's a gift for grandbaby and hasn't been used yet.Appear study & well built
I saw all the great reviews on this car seat and my 8 month old daughter needed a new car seat. When I bought it I thought it was the greatest thing since sliced bread, my only downfall was putting the bad boy together. The manual doesn't show you too much on how to release the tension on the shoulder straps but I figured it out. Great product and my daughter loves it! I would recommend it to any of my friends!GREAT CAR SEAT!!!
I really think this is going to outsell the britax monarch which is the only other car seat in the market you could compare it to except this allows you to keep your child in a harness up to 65 lbs which i think says it all, great price, great looking,, very easy to assemble and install thanks graco!!!Best car seat in the market!!
Have had this carseat a month and so far so good. My 2.5 year old loves it. It is a little heavy so I wouldn't want to move it very often.

I know its silly but my son loves the little cubby spots in the armrests for his toys and sunglasses.2.5 year old loves it...
I own 2 of these. My girls are very comfortable riding in them, we have never been in an accident with them but they have a lot of padding and a very secure. I feel safe with my babies riding in them. They were worth every penny.Very nice car seat
Our son is small for his age - not even 25lbs. But he is 32 inches tall - too big for the infant seat - The Graco Nautilus is perfect for him to grow into - good up to 100 lbs. It adjusts as he gets bigger (hopefully), and so this was the perfect fit. The cup holder is a great feature. The five point harness is strong, although the little beggar can unbuckle the chest harness. (The waist harness is definitely child proof) Overall this is an excellent car seat.Excellent car seat for our almost two year old . .
This car seat is wonderful!! I bought it in the store, in Princeton WV and paid 179.00 for it. then came home and seen it online for alot less. but I still think it is worth every dime I paid. We have been using it for 4 months now and my daughter loves it.Best carseat out there
I absolutely love this carseat. I feel like it is extremely safe and durable. I have had this car seat for almost 3 yrs and it is still in almost brand new condition. Would never be able to tell it was used that long. I put my son in it at about 10 months and he is still in it at 3 1/2 and 41 lbs. With winter coats on he is approaching the stage where the 5 point harness may not fit much longer its pretty snug. But I would definitely recommend this seat. My husband wants to buy our daughter one when she arrives but we are just going to pass the one I son has onto her. It is still in that good of condition and are that satisfied with it. I dont think its narrow, or cheaply made what so ever. I feel as though this is really the best seats I have seen/felt.Still using after 3 yrs!
I recently purchased two of these car seats for my grandson who has outgrown his previous one. We needed one for my car and my husband's SUV. My daughter is a stickler about researching products and making sure it meets all the safety criteria, etc. This is the only one she would let me purchase. My grandson loves it so far! He is tall for a 4 year old and seems to be quite comfortable in his new booster car seat. We like this one because he is still harnessed in by the seat and not just the lap belt across his body. Everyone is happy so far!Must Be Good If My Daughter Approves!
I really like this car seat, although it is pretty big from the infant seat. At first my 11 month old son, did not wont to get in it. He still is adjusting to it. It is pretty much already together. I think it is comfortable. It has a cup holder. It has an easy adjusting the straps button under the seat. It is pretty cool. Love it!Pretty big, but great car seat
I wish it had 2 cup holders, beside that my son likes itNot bad
I felt safe this product to my lil_one and really convenient its really nice and can still use until your little one will be growing up.A very convenient ...
I thought I was getting a car seat for my infant granddaughter but she can't use it she is to little. This is a nice seat but not for infants.Car seat not what I wanted.
when my husband and i got this car seat we thought it was an awesome car seat for the price. everything we were looking for. my son is 2 1/2 and is 40 lbs and very tall. hes about the size of a 4 year old. this is his 3rd seat. now that hes in it for a few months, the belt part is sticking in the latch and its so hard to get undone. i hate it.Ehhh....
we purchased this car seat because an all in one sounded really good. anyway we literally took it out of the box and it was pretty much assembled which was a bonus. however i am still on the fence about returning the car seat because although at times my 2 1/2 year old climbs in the side arm rest get in the way. when i have to put him in on the days he doesn't feel like climbing in it is even harder due to the fact that i am 4 months pregnant and it is difficult for me to lift him over the arm rests. i don't like the straps too much and for some reason i get an uneasy feeling about him in this car seat. i think i am going to put him back in his old seat which is fine until i come across a better seat. that is not to say its not a good seat it just wasn't right for me.still on the fence
The only reason I opted for this product was the reclining feature. It was disapppinting to see that the reclining is very minimal or we can even say there is no reclining. I oesonally think that the convetible seats should hve reckiner buy jis pproduct is faliure .Disappointing reclining features
Straps were way too short, and the buckle in between the legs needs to be further forward. My daughter's only 2 and she couldn't fit in it with her coat on. It also doesn't recline in the least, so the first time she fell asleep in it I hated how her head slumped forward. I read about these same issues from other reviews, but some didn't have problems so I took my chances. Ended up returning it.Returned it
My 3yr/30lbs. boy loves this seat! The 5-point harness for up to 65lbs. is amazing. My son flopped around so much in his booster seat that I purchased this. I am so happy I will be buying another one when my other son turns 1 in March! Thank you Graco!Great Car Seat
Very easy to install/adjust. There is plenty of room for our tall 1-yr old. Cupholder fits her sippy cups with handles nicely. We like it so much, we are planning on buying a second one for our other vehicle. Only negative is that the fully reclined position (in our Honda Accord) is not sufficient to allow our 1-yr old to have her head back when sleeping.Would Highly Recommend
I am a carseat tech and I go through carseats like people go through socks. My daughter is 2, but will be 3 in March. She is very small for her age (23 pounds). I was going to buy a Britax, but I hate them seats. I happened to be Walmart getting her some stuff and saw this seat. I had to have it! It is an awesome seat. It was a little rough to put together (I smashed my fingers putting the back up), but its a great seat. We love it. I also have the Alpha Omega Elite and the Evenflo Titan Deluxe and none of them seats adds up to what this one is. I am pregnant again and due in July, and I will defendly buy another one of these. We joke now that she is going to be in this seat until she graduates from hight school!
As recommened, keep your child in a harness as long as possible! Trust me, its better. Being a carseat tech was one of the best things I did, cause you can teach people all of this, but it doesn't get stressed enough and people are letting their kids ride in a seatbelt at 30 pounds! I will recommend this seat to everybody I know! In fact I am going to buy my brother 2 for his twins!Awesome Seat
This is by far the best car seat that graco as made since the safe seat. My child went straight from the step 1 infant car seat to this one. Saves you money by not having to buy a carseat and a booster. I will only buy graco for my kids. very comfortable too.Awesome product
I bought two of these for my at the time 1 1/2 year old and 3 year old. These carseats are heavy duty, with steel bars in the back. I have never felt like my kids were safer in the car! It can be rear-facing, forward-facing and a high-back or back-less booster. My son is almost 5 and I'm still able to have him in the harness, up to 65 lbs. The only hard thing is all the loop and hooks when you take it apart to wash it, it's a little hard to figure out where they all go again. I absolutely love this seat and I will be buying another one for my 7month old because he is growing out of his carrier. This IS the only carseat you'll ever have to buy, especially if you don't need a carrier for your baby. Love it, love it, love it!!!LOVE this carseat
We have one for our 2 year old daughter, and now we have it for our 1 year old son. We love this seat. It has little cubbies for them to place stuff and a cup holder. It wipes off easily as well.This is our second one to buy...
I LOVE this carseat! It is very safe, durable, easy to clean, and I love the fact that it has a built in cup holder and pockets for snacks! Both my 4 year old and 1 year old sons have one and not once have they complained about comfort! Great carseat and you can't beat Walmart's price! BabiesRUs wants $179.99 for the same one!! Definately Recommend!!Best Carseat Ever!
I've had this for a couple weeks now but have been wanting this car seat since my son was about 5 months and he is now 14 months. He loves the cup holder and I just love the car seat and recommend it to everyone. Can't wait to watch my son grow in it.Met all my expectations(:
I loved how easy it was to strap him in and figure all the little things out but when my 1 year old fell asleep, the recline wasn't enough for him to be comfortable so he would be straining his nick and always waking up. Is there a way to stop thT? Well I went and bought another high chair but if I could I would go back to this one. Other thn that, good.**ONLY ONE BAD THING***
I bought this carseat because of all the features it had. I brought it in the fall and my little girl hated it from the beginning. I kept it because I thought it would grow with her until she was big enough to just use a seatbelt. Then winter came and I soon found out that the straps (at there longest) would not go around her when she wore her coat. She is a normal sized 2 year old. I called a friend of mine who bought this same seat and she was having the same problem as well. It became such a hassle that I returned it to the store and exchanged it for the Safety 1st All in One. I have had it now for about 2 months and I absolutely love it.STRAPS NOT LONG ENOUGH
My son is very tall so I bought this Nautilus, because it has an adjustable headrest. I also needed it to recline, because we often go on longer trips. I'm very disappointed, because it reclines only about an inch and as soon as my son fell asleep, his head was tilted forward touching his chest!! What's the point to have a recline option if it doesn't do the job?!?!great for short trips only
This seat is a very good deal and that is why I purchased it...but I have been pretty disappointed so far. The shoulder straps in the 5-point restraint system have very little give and with my daughter's big winter coat on it is very challenging to get her in and buckled. Six more inches would make all the difference in the world. Also, the piece that goes between the legs almost always slips under her bottom when she gets in the seat and I have to fish it out (wrestling!) to buckle her in. I hope I will like the seat better when we move out of the 5-pt. system, but for now I remain pretty disappointed and frustrated.Next time I will go with Britax
I bought this car seat for my 3 year old boy who had outgrown his first forward facing seat. Other seats I have owned include a Britax and a couple of Gracos. Technically, my son is big enough for a standard booster using the car seat belt but I feel that maturity wise he needs another year with the five point harness.

The good. There is some tubular steel in the frame implying some degree of durability and crash protection. Someone has finally put a roller bearing into the harness path so that this is the first car seat harness that I can tighten easily.

The bad. This seat is big and very heavy, probably three times as heavy as a regular booster seat. I have discovered that I must pull the harness out to the stop to loosen it sufficiently so that my winter coat wearing average sized three year old can get out of the seat easily. As others have noted the five point harness straps are much too thin. They tend to fold and twist easily in the fittings causing the buckle tang and chest clip to flip over. That would have been a very easy thing to fix in the design stage and indicates poor product engineering. This alone is why I would not recommend this car seat since it more than doubles the time needed to buckle up my son.Not so good
I purchased this car seat for my grandson and he loved it. You should have seen the smile and look of proudness in this little 9 month old. He was officially a big boy!! He seems very comfortable and content. I would highly recommend this seat! It will be the last car seat I will have to buy for my grandson.Awesome!!
My daughter turned one year old a month ago, and she is so comfortable in the seat.She does not cry anymore; the seat looks and feels very safe.the seat was a proper fit for my car (fx35). I am extremely happy with the product.MY NAUTILUS 3 IN 1 WONDER
This car seat is a little pricey, but it's a 3-in1 so you don't have to worry about buying another car seat. It's not for new borns that needs to sit rear facing. I bought it for my 9 mos. old grandson who grew out of his infant seat, and I would recommend this car seat. It's also very easy to assemble.Very Nice Car Seat!
This car seat seems to be wonderful, but it is not a "convertable" car seat and is to be used with only children who are over 1 year old and able to ride in a forward-facing car seat.Not a rear facing car seat
I wanted to keep my 3 yr old in a harness as long as possible so I got this seat since it says you can keep them in a harness up to 65 lbs. I'm thinking he'll stay in a 5-point harness until age 5 or 6 right? Well, at 3 yrs and 2 mos old he's TOO TALL for the only harness slot. He's only 32 lbs and I already can't use it. I will be returning this seat.Not good for tall kids
this carseat is awesome but we bought this for my son and in the store it states it ok for rear facing and forward facing so now hopefully we can return it!!false info
This car seat does not rear face despite saying on the box it is a 3 in 1 convertible car seat. Yes I should have paid closer attention but after reading so many reviews and descriptions I was under the impression 3 in 1 meant rear facing, forward facing, then booster. Not in this case. And since i bought one in store first, i partially blame poor signage in the store, because after i couldn't get it installed rear facing in my car I did look online and it clearly said that it is only forward facing. On the up side it isn't extremely large and appears to be very well made. It was easy to put together, but we never got it installed since it doesn't rear face. Now I have to return these monsters since we can't use them for our 9 month old.Not really a 3 in 1, no rear facing option
I am the mother to a healthy 6 month old boy who has outgrown his infant carrier. My mother purchased this carseat as a gift for my son. He fits in it perfectly and looks so snug in it. I am very picky because I want to make sure he is safe in whatever carseat I have, and he looks so safe in this one. He really likes it and seems comfy in it. He falls alseep everytime we go out! Glad my mother purchased it. It was also very very simple to put together and install in the car.Love, Love, Love this carseat!
This car seat is so great, we bought another. We really wish we would've bought this right from the beginning. It's super durable, heavy, and seems exceptionally safe. My two year old daughter is extremely comfortable in it and my big 8month old loves it as well. We love that it'll be the last seat we need to purchase for both kids. The set up required a little attention, but the buckling and unbuckling is a breeze. LOVE IT!Wish I would've bought this from the beginning!
I have two Britax Marathons for my kids that I love. My parents went and shopped on their own and found this to use for my kids. They offered to buy a Britax for their car but to spend $300 on a secondary car seat was ridiculous. When they came home with this I fell in love. It's so comfortable for my kids and it goes up to 100 lbs and is SOOOO versatile. I wish I had known about this car seat sooner . I would have gotten two of these and saved some money. It can be used rear facing, forward facing with a 5 point harness up to 65lbs and then with using the seat belt in the car up to 100 lbs. THe back comes off to be used as a backless booster! It's very comfortable for my almost 40lb just turned 3 year old as well as my 1 year old.The All in One Car Seat
THIS IS A GREAT SEAT. I PURCHASED THIS FOR MY DAUGHTER WHEN SHE WAS 6 MONTHS OLD AS I WANTED TO GET SOMETHING THAT WOULD LAST FOR YEARS TO COME. AFTER READING TONS AND TONS OF REVIEWS AND SAFETY REPORTS I DECIDED ON THIS ONE. BOY WAS I SATISFIED WITH MY DECISION. MY EXPECTATIONS HAD BEEN EXCEEDED. WHILE IT'S QUITE HEAVE FOR SURE, IT'S DURABILITY IS OBVIOUS. THIS SEAT DOES NOT BUDGE WHEN INSTALLED PROPERLY. MY DAUGHTER IS NOW 18 MONTHS OLD AND STILL LOVES IT. SHE SLEPPS VERY COMFORTABLY AND HER HEAD IS NOT ALL OVER THE PLACE LIKE WITH OTHER CAR SEATS. THE SEAT ADJUSTS WITH YOUR BABYS GROWTH SO NO NEED TO WORRY ABOUT PURCHASING ANOTHER ONE AFTER THIS. I ABSOLUTELY LOVE IT AND WOULD RECOMMEND IT TO MANY OF MY FRIENDS.GREATTTTT.....
I am very satisfied with this car seat. The price feels right for such great car seat. easy to set up and is so far so good for my 8 month old baby.

the only problem that i notice is that the seatbelt gets stuck sometimes but not always.Great car seat
I loved this because it's not bulky. It is very comfortable for my daughter. The big issue for me was the fact that this will last her until she is 100 lbs. I won't have to buy anything else....it's all in this car seat!!! I will be buying one for my 15 mo. old son very soon. It also has a cup holder which is nice, my daughter also keeps little snacks in her cupholder when she doesn't have a drink. It doesn't recline back all that far....that for me was the only downfall. But over all I love this product and would recommend it to anyone who wants to buy one car seat and one car seat only.wonderful car seat
I bought this carseat for my 9 month old grandson.
This seat was easy, easy to install and snug as a bug in the car itself in a matter of seconds. No struggle or hesitation to remove if need be like other carseats I bought from Walmart recently. My daughter likes the seat quite a lot because of the ease in installing and adjusting the straps. This seat has 3 different conversions as your child grows. The baby sits forward immediately according to the instructions, which the little grandson loves. We highly recommend!Great Carseat
Read a lot of the reviews before purchasing this car seat and it's definitely worth the research. It has enough cushion and padding for my 9 1/2 month boy at 24 pounds. It's great that there's a cup holder and hand rest too. Would recommend this to all our friends. Great value for our money.Last car seat our baby needs.
I am a first time mom of a 25 lb 6 month old...he had outgrown his infant carseat, but needed something that would still be snug and safe for him, as he is still very young. I shopped around and compared carseat after carseat until I settled on this one. It came in the mail, fairly easy to set up right out of the box. A little more complicated when putting it in your car...but not too bad. I have a Chevy Cavalier and it didn't really seem to do too well rear-facing so we turned it around to face forward and it secured down pretty well. It has a couple "attachments" for the inside of the seat (neck rolls and such), we took out the smallest one, but left the middle sized one. He fit perfectly! The restraint straps are very easy to adjust. I would definately recommend this for bigger babies who are too big for an infant carseat, but still need something very snug and secure!!GREAT for big babies!
I purchased this car seat after reading reviews for almost a month on every car seat possible! This is the only seat i could find that will grow with my very tall son! At 6mths he was already 30in long and 20lbs!!! I put this together by MYSELF in about 15mins!!! EASY! He loves this seat he thinks he is such a "BIG BOY" facing forward and loves to go on rides now. This is the best "bang for your buck", i thought this seat was a bit $$$ but after seeing how much my son loves i may buy the same one for my husbands truck. I love that this seat converts all the way until he will no longer need a seat at all!Great Buy! LOVE THIS SEAT!
It's very very nice car seat. My son like this car seat, he 9 mount old. And I like to......very helpful and nice product
Well purchase for my grandson....being out grew infant car seat at 5 months to big......so this one would grow with him and he loves facing forward to see where he's going!Big Boy Car Seat
I bought this car seat for my daughter who was 8 months at the time and it is great.great product to have
This car seat is listed as a 3-in-1 convertible, and it is not. You can NOT rear face this car seat. This car seat is only as a 5 point harness, and a high back booster, then a regular booster.
Also, the crotch straps, there are only two slits, and the second (furthest from baby) is very close to his crotch area. If he was a chunkier baby, my kid would not be able to use this car seat, he would be sitting on the strap and this is incorrect use of the car seat.
I hope they decide to make a better car seat this year or in 2013, because I truly like the design of this car seat, just a few things need to be different, especially the wording.Small crotch strap & THIS IS NOT A 3-IN-1 CONVERT!
We have had this carseat for over a year and I have really liked it. My daughter is now 4 1/2 yrs, 40 lbs & 42" tall. I purchased this car seat after I had searched for a "safe seat" for my daughter. I was impressed with the thought of a 5 point harness with the extend weight and the fact that Graco was a reliable company. Well, I am currently looking for a extra booster and still am not ready for her to be in a seat belt. I was concerned that the buckle between the legs was not placed far enough away and she won't be able to stay in the 5 point harness due to this. I started reading the reviews to see if others had this problem and realized that others indeed had the same concerns. I also realized that I can NO LONGER USE THE LATCH SYSTEM TO SECURE THIS SEAT AFTER MY CHILD REACHES 48 LBS! I am disgusted that I did not realize this sooner! I assumed (after reading the manuel and watching the instructional videos) that since the 5 point harness held them up to 65 lbs that the Latch would as well. After she weighs 48 lbs I will have to start using the seat belt( which I feel leads to improper seat instillation) to secure her car seat. IF I KNEW THIS SOONER THIS SEAT WOULD HAVE BEEN RETURNED! From now on I will think twice about buying another Graco product.Very disappointed with Graco
We bought this seat for our soon to be one year old. I loved the seat and its ranked in the top three safest seats but it is very difficult to install. My husband and I both had trouble with it. It took forever and switching between vehicles was very stressful. We took it back and ended up with a Britax roundabout. It is very easy to install!HARD TO INSTALL
THIS CAR SEAT IS GREAT AND EASY TO PUT TOGETHER IT IS VERY COMFORTABLE FOR THE LITTLE ONE MY SON LOVES IT HE IS 10 MONTHS OLD AND HE IS A BIG BOY NOW.I THINK THE PRICE AT FIRST WAS TO HIGH BUT IT IS SAFE AND COMFY FOR THE LITTLE GUY AND $$$$ PAYS FOR IT SELF WHEN IT COMES TO THE SAFETY OF MY CHILD.AWESOME CAR SEAT!!!!!
I was so disappointed when I received this car seat and realized that it could not be installed rear facing. I don't understand how they can advertise that it can be used with a 1 y/o 20 pound baby if it can't be installed as recommended by the American Association of Pediatrics recommendations. Might be great seat for an 18 mo+, but not appropriate for a 1 y/o.1 y/o but not rear facing?
Check the description! This is NOT A REARFACING CAR
SEAT. It can fit 20-100 lbs, but government recommendations now state that children should be rear-facing until 2 years or the appropriate weight limit set by the carseat (usually 35-40 lbs, depending on the make, and height restrictions apply as well).

Had to return this once I figured it out, got the Graco My Ride 65 instead, which sadly is not a booster seat, but I was in a time crunch and didn't have time to peruse any more.NOT REARFACING!
Toddler is comfortable in car seat and offers plenty of roomGreat car seat for a toddler
I AM A LOYAL GRACO CUSTOMER AND I LOVE THIS CARSEAT.I DON'T EVER HAVE TO BUY ANOTHER, AND THE PRICE WAS GOOD. IT IS EXACTLY HOW I PICTURED IT. MY 7 MONTH OLD DAUGHTER SEEMS VERY COMFORTABLE WITH IT AND SHE FITS IN IT WELL. I LIKED THIS ONE BECAUSE IT CAN BE ADJUSTED. I RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT. WAY TO GO GRACO!!LOVE IT!!!
I purchased this car seat for my 3yo son. He was in a Britax Decathalon which we passed on to my 9 month old. My son loves this seat. He feels like a big boy! He says it's more comfortable and loves the cup holder. The material is easy to clean and very durable. It was easy to put together and install! I highly recommend this product. Can't beat the price either!!Great buy!
I bought this car seat after reading the wonderful reviews about it on many websites. I was looking for a booster seat that had a higher 5 point harness weight limit, that also didn't cost 3 hundred dollars. This car seat fit the bill. My son is big enough to use a belt positioning booster....according to many standards. But at barely 40 lbs and 4 years old, I just didn't feel comfortable with him using just the seat belt. This is the best car seat...the highest harness adjustment is quite a few inches from his shoulders now, which means he really can use the harness up to 65lbs! My one year old can even sit comfortably in it! Those few times when my son has fallen asleep, the wrap around headrest kept his head from falling off to the side...something that always happened in his previous seat. Love that it can be used as a belt positioning booster as well as a backless booster up to 100lbs! This truely is the last car seat you will ever have to buy. I just can't say enough good things about it!The best car seat EVER!!!
Wonderful seat, great features for the price.Great Extended Harnessing Option
I love this car seat!! It is worth every cent. I love the fact that you can use the harness for up to 65lbs. The other car seats went only to 40 lbs using the harness. I have a 2.5 year old, and is a big boy, and is abt close to 35 lbs, and was not ready, or felt secure abt putting just the seat belt on his lap just yet. This car seat is very sturdy, easy to put together, has a cup holder, and can be used til they are 10 years old turning into a booster. I just had another little boy, and I plan on purchasing another for him. So my advice to you all is, . . .BUT THIS CAR SEAT, you'll love it!!worth every penny
I've only used this carseat for one day since my daughter just turned a year old this past weekend. She seems to be comfortable in it. The seat feels sturdy although it does seem to be a little heavy. I love the cup holder and I am hoping to use this seat for many years to come. I love the black and grey colors. I read the other reviews when I was deciding what carseat to buy and have found this to be a good pick especially for the price. Of course, Graco products always seem to be.A nice and affordable carseat
As a paranoid mom, I did research and read reviews of just about every carseat out there. My friend recently bought this car seat, and let me know how much she loves this, and how her son does not scream in car-rides anymore. So, I did my research and decided to buy this one. I'm so GLAD that I did. It installed (with latch) in less than 5 minutes, and believe me...the seat is in tight! no wiggle room! It's very compact too, so it fits nice in my smaller SUV. We are very happy with this seat and will recommend to anyone! You will not be upset with this buy!EXCELLENT BUY!
My son is a very tiny soon to be 5 year old. He only weighs 24 pounds and is 33 inches tall. He was previously using a Britax Marathon but wanted a "Big Boy" car set since he will be in one what will seem like forever since he's so tiny. It was hard to find, sold out on online when I was looking and checked online to see what stores had them in stock. Drove and hour to the store and they were out of stock ( the check availability in store feature has a major delay, took 3 days for the store I went to, to finally show it was out of stock ) Searched online through the Graco Baby website and seen that Burling Coat Factory was sellling them online as well. Ordered it from them. Shipping time wasn't too bad. Took a week to get here and I'm very happy with it.
He is on the lowest harness setting with plenty of room to grow. I haven't had any problems with the arms coming off as other people have stated and I have really tugged on them. You really have to make sure you hear the "click" when putting them together ( when I first put it together I thought I had them in, but I leaned on it and they came off. Put them back in and pushed really hard and definately heard the click teh second time )
He loves the cup holder and cubby holes and is always excited to ride in the car.
I like the fact that is harnesses up to 65lbs, just the Marathon, but a heck of a lot less money. Very easy to tighten and loosen the straps with the rollers on the back.
My 8 year old is actually jealous of his little brothers seat. He says he wants one too!
Well worth the search and price.Hard tp find, but worth it
My 2.7 year old mainly rode in a Britax Marathon (which also harnesses to 65lbs). I bought this seat because I was looking for something that could go in our Jeep Wrangler. This seat has a reinforced back that does not require a high seat back - which was key. Our Wrangler is a 1998 & doesn't have ratcheting seatbelts...so due to the pain in the rear that the locking clip is, we moved the Britax to the Wrangler and my son is THRILLED about his new seat. In fact, my (rather skinny) 4.5 year old was a little jealous so (afer receiving my first seat and checking it out) I ordered one for him too. This really is a sturdy seat and was very easy to assemble. When I installed it in our 2001 Ford Explorer (with the seatbelt - no LATCH) my husband said, "What did you use to install this? Cement?" I got a nice tight fit. I love the fact that this seat will turn into a booster when we are all ready - although with a 5 point harness to 65 lbs, that will probably be a ways away!Great Seat!
This seat was something I'd had my eye on for a while. It's so easy to assemble and put in the car. Both of my children say it's very comfortable and I just can't express the peace of mind the whole seat gives me.Better than expected!
Everyone is right when they tell you it's the last car seat you'll need to buy. We won't be purchasing another car seat for my daughter. She's about 20 months now and we just recently got this car seat because her Alpha Omega Elite got recalled. This car seat is stylish, comfortable, convenient, and it's a Graco, which was the selling point for me. It's roomy enough but still safe. It has the nice cup holder plus a little storage space on the side for them. I kind of wish there were other colors because I love to buy her pink girly things but the colors they have are really cool. I wish they'd had this out when she was a baby, I would have bought this and nothing else. We're very happy with it.Best car seat you'll ever find
This car seat totally rocks! I bought it first because Kate (from Jon & Kate) has it and she seems to know her stuff. But...it also looked smart & practical. I love it. The best thing so far is that it is totally easy to reach around from the driver's seat and undue the latches. This makes getting out so much easier since once unlatched, my 2 year old can get all the way out of the car and shut the door. The adjustments for size are super easy and I like that the cup holder pops out to easily wash inside the house. I would definitely recommend this product. I plan to keep my son in the 5-point harness as long as possible.Excellent Toddler+ Carseat
We bought this seat for our 6 year old and love it. He is very comfy and loves the harness. The cup holder is great since it is part of the seat and doesn't stick out. Our son loves the little cubbies in the sides for his toys. It is a very sturdy seat and we feel our son is very safe in it. It was nice to get such a great seat and not have to pay double the price for it.A great seat at a great price
Excellent car seat. Love it!! Great value for my money.Great car seat!
I am so happy with this seat, it will last a long time, is very easy to install and has great features, like a cup holder :) makes baby happy, she LOVES it in comparison to the infant seat :)really great deal
I was going to purchase one of the trendy (read: expensive) car seats for my 2 year old that has similar features. Saw this on the Graco website and decided to give it a go. Very happy I did. Saved a ton of money in the process and I'm convinced it is just as good as the big money car seat. Highly recommended and I can't wait to purchase another for my youngest when he is old enough!Excellent value for the money
After having spent $300 plus on a Britax Marathon, just to have to return it to the manufacturer after less than a year, I was recommended this seat by an employee of a baby store. They were selling so well, I had to be put on a waiting list!

After being told how solid this seat was (a metal frame), and how it was "the last seat you will ever have to buy for your child", and the fact it was made by Graco (whom I LOVE), I was sold. I have not been disappointed. I have absolutely no complaints, and for the price of one Britax, I purchased 2 Nautilus for my 26th month old. He LOVES it. I cannot wait for my 10 month old to be old enough to sit face-forward so we can buy 2 more!LOVE this seat!
Great product. By far, one of the best seats on the market that offers an extended weight/height limit for a 5 pt. harness. Delivered in store about a week after the order.Great product!
I have a 3 year old and a 1 1/2 year old and they both LOVE their new seats. They are comfortable and I love that they will 5 point harness until 65 pounds, keeping my children secure and safe! Plus they're half the price of similar, competitor seats.
Worth every penny!We LOVE our new seats!!!
We bought this seat for our son who is 5. He is 45 pounds and 45 inches tall. Around his 4th birthday he reached the 40 pound weight limit of his last carseat. At that time, there were not as many carseats that surpassed the 40 pound weight limit on the market. Most of the choices were huge taking up a great deal of space in the backseat. At that time, we reluctantly opted to purchase a booster seat. Although the booster fit him well and he sat in it appropriately, we still were in search of something more. When we first saw the nautilus in the stores, we were very interested but our son was not happy about the idea of returning to the use of a harness. A few months later, I bought the seat anyway. We are so glad we did. It is a great fit. At first our son made his disappointment known. A few days later after he learned to buckle himself in (with mother's double check of course), he now loves the seat. The cup holder is actually deep enough to hold a cup in the upright position! He also likes to put things in the compartments in the armrests. Now if we can just get all car manufacturers to make the latch system in cars safe for children over 40 pounds so as to match the higher weight limits in the new carseats!Exactly what we were waiting for
I LOVE it, and so does my son. Easy to set up. Very nice, a little pricey but well worth it.So safe for my bundle of Joy!!!
My son is not quite ready to move to the "next stage" of car seat but his little sister was ready for his old car seat. This is the perfect solution! The only thing I have noticed is that you don't use the head rest until they are older (he is 2 1/2) and the seat is kind of short without it. He has bonked his head a few times because it is hard at the top.
It is a bit heavy, probably not good for travel until they are in the "booster only" stage. It is nice looking and has a "recline feature", which we haven't used yet.Love the versitility
We have purchased this product 2 weeks ago and so far we love it.
ITs very comfortable. My 3 yo daughter slept in it for 3 hours.
The height adjustment is great as well.Great product!!
I purchased the same car seat for my car a few months ago, and just purchased another one for my husband's car. It's great that the 5-point harness can be used up to 65 pounds. My son loves the side compartments to store his small toys in. The safety features are really good too.Love It
Very nice carseat, extremely easy to install. I returned a previous carseat because I could not get it installed properly in my car, this car seat went in easily and my daughter loves it. I'm also happy that I won't have to buy her another one since this can be used up to 100 lbs.Excellent product
This is a great carseat. It came highly recommended and we're impressed. The price was great. It was straight forward to setup. It is easy to install in a car. Great that it has the high weight limit for the harness. There is no reason not to get a high weight limit harness seat for your child when this is available!Great carseat at a great price
this is a very nice carseat worth alittle pricey but worth the money my huge 1 year old son loves the seat only seat that i could find my son can sit in and still have growing roomvery good product
My daughter will be 5 in two months and was outgrowing her Britax Roundabout because of her height. We looked at tons of different carseats before settling on this one. We felt she still needed to be in a five point harness because she weighs 32 pounds and in my opinion is too small to be wearing the adult seatbelt in the car. When she is ready for the regular seatbelt, the harness detaches and the seat becomes a high back booster. After that, the seat can become a backless booster which can be used until the age of ten.
My daughter loves how comfortable this seat is. It doesn't push her head forward like some of the other high-back seats (such as the Britax high back booster). She also loves the cupholders and hidden compartments below the armrests. Installation was very easy into the car and with the latch system the seat is so tight it doesn't budge. All in all this is a great product and I really don't have any complaints about it (We have been using is for about a month now).Great Carseat!
I bought this product for my son. We were talking about having another child, we have two cars and I also babysit. So the thought of getting a universal car seat that would fit a number of needs is why I chose this product! Other then my son figuring out how to unbuckle himself, this carseat is way perfect! He keeps his cup in the holder instead of tossing it on the floor finally!Wonderful!
We got this seat for my toddler. He is a big boy and fits perfectly. I love how the arms fold away for ease of access. It's comfortable for my child yet durable.excellent seat
Love this car seat. We chose this particular seat so we wouldn't have to buy another in the future. So far we love it. It seems so cumfy and my daughter seems to enjoy being able to look out the front. My only complaint is that it only has one cup holder. I wish it had two because we like to put her treats in it also. I would recommend this product to others. It was also cheapest on this website. Great value!GREAT PRODUCT
So glad that we spend the money--with all of the conversion options, this is the last carseat we will need! Has the same features that I loved in the infant seat. Our son loves his cupholder and comfy chair to see the world in.Thrilled with Purchase
My son loves this seat. I highly recommend it to anyone in the market for a car seat.great seat
Love this car seat! It's a great buy for the many different features it offers. I love the fact that my daughter will be using this car seat for a while. My husband and I love it so much that we are thinking of buying another one for his car. Well worth the money! The only thing I wish Graco did was allow the arm rest to fold up but other than that, the set up was pretty easy and my daughter loves it!Love it!!!
This is an excellent seat at far less than the cost of a Britax. I especially like the ease of use, the deep side wings, the weight is reasonable, install was pretty smooth, and the seat is rated as good as a Britax.

If my son (who is 3.5 years old 40#, and about 40 inches tall) can use it until he can just use a seat belt the value will be great!

Install in a 2008 Kia Spectra5 was easy and snug. Although my car has LATCH, I use the shoulder/lap belt because that positions the seat such that there is more room available overall in the back seat. Also, this seat has the 'J' style latch hooks, which are not as easy to use. Lastly, I don't know the weight limit for the LATCH (not in my car's manual or in the seat manual), so I don't want to trust that it exceeds 40# since I know some car manuals state that 40# is the limit for the use of LATCH.

Daily use of seat and harness is easy.
Seat is comfortable for my son. Added bonus: he likes the clever cubbies built into the arm rests.

Seat doesn't take up half of the car's back seat.A Worthy Britax Contender
We love this carseat. We bought it for my 1-year-old son. He has outgrown his infant seat and it's time to turn around! He seems very comfortable, and it's easy to get him in and out. I heard complaints that the red button was easy for the child to push, but we haven't found that to be a problem. He really enjoys facing forward too. He's much less fussy now on drives than he used to be. I would recommend this carseat to anyone. In fact, we just ordered a second seat for in my husband's truck.Great Carseat
i couldn't wait to use this car seat for my son (now one). he seems to love it and the transition went smoothly. the set up was easy. my husband set it up in about 20 minutes. my son fits in it great (he's about 25 lbs). i love the cup holder, the harness straps and the deep seat and the high back and sides. also it will grow with him into a booster seat (up to 100 lbs). i am pregnant now, and plan to buy another one when the time comes.
tami =)love this car seat!!!!
Just as safe as the $400 Britax! Save your $ and buy this....it is well built and will last our 3 year old until she is big enough for a booster. We wait until our kids are 5, almost 6 yrs old despite what the law says, (age 4 and 40lbs) They are still too little to be in only a lap belt.Excellent car seat for a pre-schooler!
I'd have to say that I am very pleased with this seat. It is very simple to put together and is made of high quality material. It has enough support and cushion for my 7 month old and he will be able to use this seat until he no longer needs to use a booster. This is the best deal since it can be used from 20lbs to 100lbs and is a reasonable price.Excellent Construction
I have a little boy who has always been in the 95th percentile or higher for his height and his weight. He is pushing 40 pounds at almost 3 years old, and I had to decide to either put him in a booster seat or buy a carseat with a higher weight capacity. He is NOT ready to sit in a booster seat yet, so I went carseat shopping. I found this carseat, and while it has the same features as the more expensive seats with the extra weight and height room, it is HALF the price! It fits well in our car, and my son loves it!PERFECT FOR US!
I researched for months and saw this in the store. I am so happy with the carseat that for our next son due in March of 2009, I am sure I will be buying one for him when he gets bigger. The cup holder, storage area for toys, the ease of getting him in an out is great. And how it will be used for YEARS to come, I am happy that it is going to be used for a long time. The amount was perfect. Right in our price range. And to go from the Graco Snugride into this carseat, everthing is pretty much the same. The harness system and attaching to our vehicle. And he loves it!Overall Great Carseat!!
My sister bought this car seat for my son's first birthday and we love it. So much so, we bought another one for my husband's car. My son is so comfortable in it and knowing that it is the LAST car seat we will have to buy, it is definitely worth the money.I love this car seat!!
I would recommend this carseat to everyone. We have had this car for a few months and recently we were in an accident where our car rolled, skidded on the top, and landed in the ditch. My 11 month old son was sitting in this car seat in the middle of the backseat, him and the car seat was properly strapped in. during the accident neither my son nor the car seat moved. He has no marks, bruises, or anything. This car seat saved his life. I would recommend this car seat to everyone, it is worth the extra money!Wonderful Carseat
My 2 year old twins had been complaining about their old carseats for a while (crying as soon as I buckled them in, ''owie mommy'' etc!) As soon as I brought the carseats inside they recognized them from Wal-Mart (we went and tried them out before I purchased them, they screamed when I would put them back in the buggy!) Now when I tell them its time to go 'bye-bye' they get excited, ''carseat? carseat mommy? my carseat? i like it!"my twins love them!!!
This seat is great. It is durable & it keeps my 3 year old in tight. She is autistic & can get out of a seat belt in the blink of an eye! Thanks to Graco for making a seat with a 5-point harness for a child up to 65 lbs! It is a little more price wise, but for the safety of your child it is worth it!Awesome care seat!
I bought this carseat for my almost 4 year-old son after being in a serious car accident. I did have him in a booster seat at the time and it did a great job of keeping him safe, but I wanted to take every percaution by buying him this seat that has the 5-point harness until 65lbs. I have to say that it is much more difficult strapping him in this seat, but it is well worth it. He loves his new seat and I can feel at ease knowing that my child is as safe as I can make him in the vehicle...it's just the other drivers out there I have to worry about!!! It is definitely a great purchase and I have already recommended it to friends and family.Amazing Carseat
This is a great car seat! When we went looking at convertible car seats, we really didn't like many of them, but once we found this car seat, we fell in love! Luckily, our son is now one and is a solid 22 1/2lbs. So switching straight to this forward facing seat was a breeze and he loves it! It seems to be very comfortable, and I especially love it that when he falls asleep his head doesn't droop forward in an akward position. Its easy to get him in and out and buckled/unbuckled (even with gloves on). We have been recommending this seat to all of our friends and we recommend it to you!Absolutely Fabulous!
I Love this carseat, my husband loves this carseat and most importantly my 26 month old son loves this carseat. We will be driving down the highway and he will just shout out, "it's comfy momma". He really likes the little "cubbies" under the arm rests that he can put his little treasures into.

It is pretty heavy so it is not the most pleasant carseat to transfer from one car to another. But it's a small price to pay for the level of quality and safety as well as the reasonable price.

Thank you Graco for giving a quality alternative to the pricey Britax brand.The last carseat I will have to buy!
this car seat is pretty pricey but it turned out to be a really good buy. we liked it. unfortunately my son got car sick the second we we had it... but the good news is the car seat came apart pretty easily and after throwing some of the cushions in the washing machine, it was good a new. thanks.great car seat
We purchased one of these seats as a trial, and immediately bought another.

Setup: The chair comes in 2 pieces - the main chair body, and the headrest part. The seat just snaps into position (it ships flat), and the headrest slides in. The straps were easy to adjust.

Features: There is an integrated cupholder on the right armrest. It doesn't come out for washing - but that also means it won't get thrown around the car! The seat comes with velcro-attached covers for the shoulder and bottom harness points. I thought it was a good idea when I first saw them - looks like it would make the pressure points more comfortable. But quickly found that they slid around too much and actually made it harder to strap my toddler in. So I simply removed them.

Restraints: This has a 65 pound 5-point harness and converts to the seat-belt booster. It does have the straps for the LATCH system - which is something I really wanted.

Only Complaint: The top connector at the chest is somewhat difficult to open. If you don't push both top and bottom buttons at pretty much exactly the same time it catches and you have to re-latch and try again. This is true for BOTH seats we bought, so I have to believe it's just a design issue. The latches on our other car seats have been much easier!

Overall: This is a sturdy, solid booster. We haven't used the seats for very long, but they seem to be great quality. I'm happy with the purchases and would definitely recommend this chair to any of my friends.Very Happy with this Booster
My 17-month-old had a carseat she was outgrowing, so I decided on this one because I won't ever have to buy another one. My favorite feature is that the 5-point harness goes up to 65 lbs.! I also love how the cup holder is built into the seat. My daughter loves it and actually wants to get in the seat to play. Sure beats her old seat! I love everything about it!Love this seat!!!
This product is amazing. It lasts from one year of age up until the child needs a booster. It is very cost effective for all the features it has. It is easy to loosen and tighten the straps and the cup holder is very convienient.Very Good
At first glance the assembly and installation looked like it might be difficult but in the end it was simple. The instructions were well written and the illustrations excellent. We like the material as it breathes nicely and this is very helpful with a sweaty baby. It's a nice looking car seat and our grandson Grant seems to like it just fine. The little cup holder and other storage areas are great and he loves to get little treasures out of them. As with any car seat I'd recommend the purchase of a seat pad to protect the car seat......just in case.Wonderful Produxt
I love this carseat! It is perfect for big/tall kids. I love the cupholder & storage compartment. I have already recommended this to friends.Awesome
Purchased the car seat for my daughter who is 5yrs old. She is only 33lbs, so therefore I am not comfortable with her riding in a carseat without the 5 point restraint. She loves the big girl carseat! It is very sturdy and fastens safely in my Tahoe. I have been very pleased with it so far. You have to love the 65 lb rating on the 5 point restraint. I searched for a very long time to find this carseat. I have always loved the Graco products and personally think they are the best. I am a firm believer in buckling up! Wal-mart.com was the best price that I could find out there. Good luck.Great product
This is a great 5 point harness car seat for the money! My 43 pound 6 1/2 year old fits as does my 33 pound almost 4 1/2 year old. There is still growth room for my 6 1/2 using the harness. It is currently being used in our second car and can be used for both kids with the same harness adjustment. If you want to make sure your child can independently fasten/unfasten, this seat is easy for them! We purchased the Radian 65 for my car for my 6 1/2 year old (we wanted her out of her booster and back in a 5 point harness). The graco is much easier for her to fasten and latch by herself. If you don't need the space saving design of the Radian or the rear facing capability or the ability to be folded, go with the Graco Nautilis. You will save some money and it will be easier for your kids to independently get in/out of. Bottom line.......if you have an older child (age two and above) and need a new 5 point harness, this is your seat! Please remember to keep your little ones rear facing as long as possible (new guidelines suggest at least to 24 months). If your infant outgrew their infant seat, this is not your seat....yet. Buy a convertable that can be used rear facing as this cannot.

I have not taken it apart to clean...and don't yet know about the durability.Best Buy for Your Money
We purchased one and have been using it as our main seat in mommy's car. Have recently been looking at the Britax car seat due to their high quality and safety reputation as a second seat to our other car. However, after comparing price and actually going into Toys r us and inspecting the Britax thoroughly, I was still dumbfounded why Britax is highly rated. The quality and the comfort of the seat did not compare to the Graco nautilus, in my opinion. The Britax seats offered less padding and did not seem as comfortable. My husband was a bigger fan of the nautilus and made me take a second look at our Graco for the quality, comfort and steel reinforcement. Yes, it is heavier than some (or most) but it is a SOLID seat. The only other seat we have seen like this with steel reinforcement like that was the old Fisher Price Safe Embrace carseat, that we loved and it stood up to a vehicle rollover accident and kept our son safe and unharmed in a potentially critical accident. Unfortunately, those are no longer made.Without a doubt, we are going to buy another Nautilus.Solid seat, Great value
I bought this for my 3 yo for our 2nd car. It was easy to put together out of the box & easy to install in the car although the car we put it in doesn't have LATCH. I think it will last a long time so that my 18 mo old will be able to use it too. Walmart had the best price even with shipping! The only con I can think of is that it seems the straps aren't very long. My daughter was in her seat with a winter coat on & the straps were at the full extension. I adjusted the shoulder height & it seems to be better now. Overall a very good seat!Nice Seat!
We got this for our daughter who just turned one and was transitioning out of a Graco Snug Ride. She loves this seat. The first time we used it was for a 3 hour car trip and she did fine. It's easy to move between out two vehicles also. Now it allows the front seat passenger much more leg room than the SnugRide did. I'm looking forward to using it all the way thru the booster stage. Seems like a great value for years of use.She loves it
I bought this seat for my 4 year old son and it is great! I originally bought a regular high back booster for him when he out grew his car seat, but was disappointed because he could not sleep in it without his head leaning forward or his body sliding down out of the seat belt. This seat is big enough for him to still use the car seat straps and he can sleep in it really well.Great seat!
We bought this car seat for our bigger than average 2 year old. I really like the fact that we can keep him in a 5-point harness up to 65lbs in this seat. Most other car seats only go to 40lbs and he is almost there. I am confident that this will be the last car seat that we will have to buy for him.Great Forward Facing Carseat
I love how sturdy and solid this car seat is. However, it could use a little more built in cushion to add to the comfort level. I bought this seat for my 4 year old who was outgrowing her Evenflo Titan and was impressed at all of the praise its received. I eventually bought the same seat for my 21 month old. They both love their big kid seats and I like the built in cupholders and armrests. The wrap around head cushion is great and I truly feel my kiddos are secure and comfortable in this seat! I want to buy a 3rd seat for my husband's car. It was easy to set up and install in my SUV. I would definetly recommend this car seat.Great Car Seat!!
I recently purchased this for my twins who are a little on the small side. They fit perfect in their new car seat. I love the color and the fabric. Their heads do tilt forward a little when they are sleep so we recline the car seats and the actual seat in the car just a little. I also plan to purchase pillows for their necks. My kids love the holder for their sippy cups and snacks. The fabric around the shoulder strap is also nice and soft. I love the fact that I will never have to buy another car seat for them!love it!
I researched and researched, and ended up buying the Nautilus for both of our vehicles. I have a Neon and it fits just fine. If we had other children riding in the back, it might be a tight fit, but it would work.

The only thing I don't like about this seat is that the labels (65lbs on the harness and 100lb on the booster) are actually attached to the seat. I thought they would be stickers that would peel off. But for the savings, I can deal with it!A Good Buy
This is a must have for any parent.Excellent Product
I love this car seat so much that we have two and I'm getting ready to buy one for the grandparents that won't buy their own. I will willingly pay over $100 for this car seat for the grandparents because I feel it is the best car seat we have ever had and we have had a few.

It is the easiest car seat to install and remove I have had. I just love this car seat!!BEST CAR SEAT YET!
This is actually the second Nautilus car seat I have purchased from walmart. I love this seat. This one is for my husband's truck. So I don't have to keep switching it out if we want to take his vehicle. My son loves this car seat. We take trips to my-in-laws which is a 4 hour drive and he has not complained yet. He's 2! and Loves the Cup holder. I bought this seat in the first time because I love Graco Products and I loved that it transitions to a high back booster and the backless booster! So this is the last car seat you will ever have to buy!!! No complains about this car seat what so ever.Wonderful Car Seat
My son is 3 years old/ 35 pounds and was in a Britax Roundabout, which we loved. I had bought Graco carseats for second cars previously, and was torn between the Nautilus and the Britax Frontier, which costs quite a lot more. The only real difference is that the Frontier has a 5 point harness up to 80 pounds and the Graco is 65 pounds. We have been very pleased with this carseat. It fits fine in my Lexus ES330 and was easy to install. My son loves it, and also the cupholder. We have no regrets whatsoever, and will likely buy another one for my husband's Tundra. Make sure you read the directions- it will save you loads of time.Great carseat!
What another great product from Graco. There only only two things that should be changed on the seat to make it even better.

The first is the straps they should be thicker. They seem thin but they seem to work right.

The other is the height adjustment of the straps. I wish it was like my other seat in which they can adjust from the front. The seat has to be taken out and then adjusted. Not a major problem but would be nice.

Overall I would reccomend this item and would buy it again.Great product!
It was easy to install and to use. I especially like the little cubby-hole in the armrest. I keep fun trinkets in there for my daughter to find while we're on the road.A great overall carseat
I have only had this Graco carseat for a month or so but it is great! My 3-year-old loves having a new carseat and he loves the little compartments to keep his things (they are great for little toys for him to play with on longer drives so we don't have to search around the car for something to keep him occupied). The only problem is that when he falls asleep, the side head supports on the carseat are further from his head than his smaller carseat so he usually ends up with a sore neck. However, this could probably be solved by putting a rolled-up towel or blanket next to his head while sleeping.
The straps on the 5-point harness have little soft/pillowy covers so that they do not cut into his neck; I love that he does not get red marks on his neck anymore!
Overall, a wonderful product. I gave "durability" 4 stars because I have not had it long enough to really understand how durable it is but so far, nothin is broken and it works how it should.Wonderful Carseat!
I was so excited when I came across this car seat. My 3 year old had to give up her car seat to her little sister and this seat was by far the best option in my opinion.
Pros:
It's sturdy, roomy, AND comfy. Even though it separates into a backless booster, it is very sturdy. My daughter is very tall for her age and she has plenty of room to move.
Her head lays against the side head rests instead of flopping forward
She loves storing her own things in the little storage area
It's super easy to adjust the straps.
The price is great for all the features you get!
Cons:
It's big. It's fine for us since we have an SUV but I can see it possibly causing issues in smaller cars.
It would be nice if it reclined a little more for longer trips...but this is a big kids chair so I realize that they are a little old for that!
My daughter LOVES this seat. She tells everyone about it and wants to show everyone how she can get in and buckle herself (she can't unbuckle though!)
I highly recommend it! It will be the last seat you buy!The whole package!
I researched for a long time before buying this seat. I have never had anything other than a britax. We have several Britax seats. We have a marathon, 2 Decathlons, and a roundabout. I was looking into buying the Britax Frontier and was a bout to buy it when I came across this seat. At first I wasn't sure if I was going to buy it because I trusted Britax so much and didn't want to settle for anything less in quality ans safety. After reading so many good reviews on this seat I decided to try it. We ordered this seat for our 2 year old. He is small for his age but we needed his odl seats for his little brother to use in both of our vehiicles. I was not disapointed with this seat. The quality is just as nice as Britax for 1/2 the price! I was very satisfied. Xavier loves his new seat!!! He says he is a "big boy" and sits in it very proudly. I give this seat an A++++ It is pretty heavy but at least you know it is sturdy and will protec them when they need it!!!Wonderful!!!!! Better than expected!
After being informed by our daughter who was planning a visit with us, we needed to have a car seat for her 22 month son. She was flying in, so she wouldn't have her seat. So we did a lot of checking with the local store's manager in person & spent time on the internet, and decided this seat was perfect, because it would last for quite some time. It does have a booster seat in it also for later as the child got bigger.
We did use it while she was here for a week every day, sometimes 2 times a day. Was a little confusing to get used to the harness buckling etc, but now we are old pros. So whenever our grandson comes to visit, he has his own car seat here at our house.A must have car seat!
Makes driving much Easier, Safer and convenient.Graco - Nautilus 3-in-1
In looking for a car seat to replace one in an auto accident we looked for one that would grow with our daughter. The Nautilus seems to be that one. I love the ability to choose between 3 types of seats. The seat is very easy to install. It seems to be very comfortable with a pad around the "between-the-legs" buckle to prevent pinching when fastening. Overall a great buy and a great seat.great toddler car seat
The car seat is very easy to set up and install in the car. It has great features and my daughter loves it. I would recommend this car seat. Finding a good car seat is very hard to do but after reading the reviews of the different car seats, we made the choice to purchase this one. We are very satisfied and you will be too if you chose this seat.Great product
This is the greatest car seat out there. I love everything about it. Both of my kids love it as well. I have a 3 year old and a 1 year old. They both fit perfectly in it and can nap in it a lot better than their old seats. I love how the cup holders are reachable by all. The boys love the little hiding places for all their toys and snacks. I recommend this to all my friends and family. And to you as well.Everthing I expected!
I've had this seat for about two weeks. my 15 month old loves it! I left him rear facing for as long as I could but it was time to get him in a bigger seat. One thing I don't like is the recline feature doesn't recline as much as I would like for it to. We take a trip to grandma's about an hour away twice a month and he usually sleeps the whole way and with a front facing seat I didn't want his head to fall forward while he sleeps. But so far when he falls asleep in this seat it's not too bad. The headrest keeps his head up pretty good. the ease of setup wasn't all that bad but the pics in the book weren't that great. If you go into it thinking it will be complicated then it will be. I had to slow down a couple of times and tell myself to stop making it seem harder than it was. I did take all the extra velcro covers off that everybody else seems to like. I thought they were a bit bulky. Overall it's been great so far.love it
I bought this car seat for my 2 1/2 yr old Granddaughter. She loves it! It's so comfortable and has a built in cup holder. I especially like that she can use this until she's 8 yrs old. Its well built and the price was right. I highly recommend this car seat.Excellent Purchase
I love, love, love this! I am actually going to order a second one for my husbands car. When I bought this, I was trying to decide between this and the Britax one. I chose this becaus of the cost and all of the reviews. It is great! My three year old daughter could easily undo her straps and get it into it easily too. The button release on it id MUCH easier. I also love the cup holder in it. It's not too big so I can actually fit three car seat across my suburban or explorer. I would highly recommend it!Great car seat!
I got this car seat for my mother-in-law to use for our 15 month old daughter. We use the Evenflo Symphony, which also goes up to 100 lbs. She had outgrown her previous one. It is very nice quality and she fits in it nicely....with room to grow. I wish we would have bought this one to begin with. It could have been our first and last "extra" car seat to purchase (after she had outgrown her infant carrier). I love that it goes up to 100 lbs. 2 complaints: 1) The 3 recline settings aren't really much of a recline....our Evenflo reclines a lot further. 2) I like the installation better on our Evenflo, it has the SureLATCH, which makes it a snap to move from car to car. On this one, installation is a lttle more involved, which is OK if you plan on keeping in one car the whole time. Overall, a very nice product for the cost!Great quality, recline & install need work
My son had a horrible time riding in the car. I think it was because he wanted to see everything we saw. When I saw that this seat was forward facing & would last for a couple years I thought it was perfect! So far so good!It's just what I needed
Very happy with the seat. We have twins so we had to buy two. Well worth the money. A bit of a bear to put in but what seat isn't?great seat
This convertible carseat is INCREDIBLE!! We were told about this carseat from a friend that works in a childrens hospital. We continued to do our own research just to make sure. We then purchased one for our oldest son, 3 yrs old. We absolutley loved it as it FAR exceeded our expectations! Within a week, we purchased a 2nd one for our 2nd son, age 2. We have now had them for over a year and STILL LOVE them just as much (if not more) as the day we purchased them. We have three little ones in infant carriers now and we do plan to purchase three more of the Graco Nautilus carseats when they are 1 yr old. We love the fact that this carseat is for ages 1-10 and weights of 20-100. They are wonderful no matter if your child is shorter, average, or tall. (which was our concern as our 1st born is very tall) These seats are designed to fit the size of your child and keep them safe through all stages of carseats/boosters. They are also very easy to move from one car to another, if needed. Very easy to remove fabric to wash. This carseat has far exceeded our expectations and we HIGHLY recommend it!!!GRACO HIT IT OUT OF THE BALL PARK WITH THIS ONE!!
Excellent car seat! I highly recommend keeping your child in a 5 point harness as long as possible. This seat makes this possible. Very sturdy and comfortable. Easy assembly. Love it love it love it!!!Finally, a carseat comparable to the Britax
This is a great seat. My daughter loves the cup holder and I love how easy it was to put in. It is light weight but very sturdy. A great buy!LOVE IT!
We purchased this for our daughter for her 1 year birthday. This car seat is durable, stylish and well designed. Our daughter loved this car seat from the very start. It looks like a very comfortable ride for her. The only negative is the side impact head rest leaves little room for her head to turn sideways making it very easy for her head to fall forward when she falls asleep. But the safety feature of the head rest for side impact collisions is a good trade off. Other than that we have no complaints.Best 3-in-1 Car Seat
I BROUGHT THIS CARSEAT FOR MY 2 YEAR OLD HE IS VERY TALL AND I WAS WORRIED ABOUT HIM BEING ABLE TO STAY IN A HARNESS. THIS CARSEAT IS GREAT !!!!!!!!!! MY SON LOVES IT HE JUST HOPS IN AND OUT OF IT I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS SEAT TO EVERYBODYA GREAT BUY
This seat has the 5-point harness option up to 65 pounds, which is more than the typical 40 pound limit of most car seats. I spent a little more money on this seat because of this safety benefit, since you should keep your child in a 5-point for as long as possible. Other than the higher price factor, this seat is wonderful! It's easy to fasten, and my 3-year-old loves the comfy seat and cupholder.Safe and simple
After a confusing set up, the seat is fairly easy to work with as far as the buckle up.
This is not worth the cost at $179.00. We got a second $50.00 cheepy from Walmart and it works just as well.high cost
My mother bought this seat for my 2yr old because he is big for his age and almost exceeded the weight limit on his other car seat. I really like the design with the cup holder on the armrest instead of on the side, this makes it so you can have the seat on either side of t he car and still be able to use it. I also really like the fact that it grows with him and i dont have to go and buy another seat when he reaches 65lbs!
The only issue i have with the seat is that the harness clips are hard to release once engaged. im hoping that maybe this will start to work better after a couple of months!

ALL AROUND AWESOME SEAT!good all around seat
My 3 year old is already 37 lbs and was in danger of growing out of her old car seat. I was looking for a car seat that I could harness her for a while longer, but did not have to purchase another car seat later. This seat is great for the price paid. My husband has mentioned on several occasions that it seems like she is "floating" in her new seat and that is seams very sturdy and he is a hard person to please. The only thing I don't really like about the seat is that the recline feature cannot be adjusted once the seat is locked in. Unless I read the instructions wrong you can only adjust it before putting it into the car otherwise great product.Great Carseat
After months of saving up and shopping, I finally decided on and purchased this carseat. Our 3 year old is very tall for his age and was already six inches above the back of his old Graco Comfort Sport. Since he's a very active boy, we really didn't like the idea of moving him to a booster just because we could. I wanted to harness him to 65 pounds, but I love that when he's ready we already have a booster. I absolutely love the height adjusting back, as well as the hidden "button" to lengthen the straps. Having a mostly potty trained male child, we are even more excited about the easily removable seat pad. The directions were clear and I had absolutelyno trouble getting it vehicle ready and installed.

My only concern is that the strap "cushions" force you to buckle the chest clip well below the breast bone. It's an easy fix, since I just took them off!

This is our third type of Graco carseat and we love them! They are so easy to use, durable, and reasonably priced!Could Hardly Wait
I found the car seats easy to install and remove when necessary. While the car seats coordinate with the interior of my new car, I know my grandsons are safe and well cared for.Easy to use
The carseat is rather heavy and very sturdy. My son loves it. He told me that it's very comfy. Moreover, he likes the two compartments in the arm-rest because he can hide his stuff in there. He falls asleep almost every time in this carseat and the side wings support his head nicely. It's not bulky as I imagined. Overall, I am very pleased with this carseat. It's worth the money.A wonderful Carseat
We just started using this product for our daughter who just turned one. She loves it. It is pretty easy to put together and easy to install in the car. The recliner does not do much good in our car because of the way the seats arch but it works. It does take up more space in our back seat but seems like a good product.A good choice
Very comfortable, easy to install, great cup holder easy to adjust straps! Another quality Graco productGreat car seat
Ths carseat is easy to use, easy to clean, sturdy and installs quickly. I bought my first one for when my grandson rode in my car. I made my daughter take it because it was much better than the one my daughter had, and got another one for my car.Great Product
The only thing that I don't like about this seat is that the latch system is a pain to release. I like the seat belt release ones better. If you don't remove and install this seat frequently, this won't be a problem.

The colors are great and so is the cup holder. We live in SC and it is hot. The seat is well ventilated. We have been on a 10 hr car trip. My daughter slept in the car seat well, her head didn't lean fwd.

This car seat is well rated on Consumer Reports and will grow with your child.Great Carseat!
I bought this for my son and daughter couple of years ago my little girl was 1 and my son 4 i love how it goes from carseat to booster seat my little one loves that she can help buckle the top while i do the bottom and once there in they cant get out with out help some they can just do them there selfs i have four two in my car and two in my husbands and i love them my bestfriend bought them for there children as wellthree children
I bought this seat a few months ago since my son (almost 3) was so tight in the harness it was hard to get him in and out. He now has plenty of room in this new seat. I love the built in cup holder. He would always take the ones off his old seats. He doesn't really use the storage things but I think he will the older he gets. I am now pricing them again to buy one for my husband's truck. I don't think he will outgrow this seat. He did however outgrow his last one that I never thought he would. The problem with the other was the harness only went to 40 lbs, this goes to 65!! Love this seat. It is heavy though so not good to be swapping out of cars. I don't move seats once they are installed so this isn't a problem for me.We love this seat!
This seat is awesome for a toddler - has the highest weight limit and is convertable into a booster and backless booster. The 5-point harness is really the key - there are few other products on the market you can compare this to. The price is also good. My son is 33 pounds and 3 years old and is very comfortable in this car seat. I also appreciate that the bottom strap has two slots so you can move it out and give the kiddo more room.
We already bought one from Walmart and it's been working really well for us so we bought a second one.
My son thinks the cupholder is awesome!Best in its class
We got in 3 days, cheaper on-line, and its easy to install even if you have a vehicle w/o latch system. I am happy w/ it and glad we odered on-line in our local store it was 180.00...glad we got this one same value as an eddie bauer one for less money.good product
We had a really difficult time getting a secure fit with three other cheaper brands. We finally decided to spend the extra money and it is totally worth it!!! I can't say enough about this seat. It was a breeze to install and will barely move around in the seat. It is so secure and definitely worth the money. We love how our son's head does not flop around when he is sleeping. He looks so comfortable. Would buy again and again if I need too.!!!!!!!Excellent!!!!!
So far, so good. This seat is very comfortable for my son. He is 4 1/2 and still uses the harness. It gives me peace of mind that he's still very secure in a seat that he will continue to be able to use as a high back booster as well as a backless booster as he gets bigger. He loves the cup holder.My son loves it
I bought this car seat about a month ago. My 1yr old son was growing out of his car seat and needed to buy a new one. I did a lot of research online before considering this car seat. My son loves the rides we go on and has fallen asleep everytime. I don't need to buy any more car seats and that's why I love this car seat and would recommemd this product to everyone!More than just a product
I'm a certified child passenger safety technician and a mom of a larger two year old who is quickly approching 40 lbs, so I love the 5-point harness use from 20 - 65 lbs. It is also a comfortable seat which is important, because we travel a lot. My son loves the seat and so do I.Graco - Nautilus 3-in-1
I bought this seat about a year ago and absolutely love it - my son does too!!Great!!!
LOVE IT! So easy to use and nice looking. We love it and will buy one for our next child too.LOVE IT!
We bought two Nautilus' for our toddler boys. This is such a great seat. We won't have to buy any more seats this will take them as far as they need to be safe while traveling in the car. I love that they can stay harnessed to 65lbs. The seat has a built in cup holder which they can actually reach unlike the ones in the car itself. The boys love their new seats and my youngest son has already napped in it. It was very easy to install.Safe, Sturdy Seat
After reviewing dozens of carseats on dozens of sites, I chose this carseat. Nothing can beat its price and value! My 4 year old daughter has it in pink and gray and has had it for 2 years, she still uses the 5 point harness and when we are ready she will already have a booster seat. My son got this carseat last month for his first birthday. They both fit absolutely perfect and love their carseats. I assembled and installed them in less than 15 minutes and they look so nice in the back seat, I will never buy another carseat again!Love Love Love this carseat
This is a great carseat. It was easy to install, and I love the fact that the harness goes to 65 pounds. I ordered it online and saved $40. I definately recommend this carseat.GREAT
I bought this car seat for my 3 year old. He is really tall and out grew his other convertable carseat (evenflo triumph dlx) but I didn't want him in just a booster seat yet. I should have bought this car seat when he out grew his infant carrier. Best carseat out there. I was sorried about the arm rests getting hot because we live in AZ and they dont have a cloth cover on them but they dont. Also the cup holde3r is amazing! holds cups sooooo well. never had a spill and it is really easy for my son to reach it. He says its really comfortable and he sleeps well in it. Also I had a hard time finding a car seat that would fit in my pt cruiser tightly and this one is amazing. It doesn't budge an inch! Once i installed it with the latch system I grabbed it and shook and no movement!!!! ALso it has two side cubbies in the armrest and my son thinks it is the best hiding spot for his toys! This is an amazing car seat I will buy it again for any future children I have.WOW great for a ptcruiser
We've only had this carseat a few weeks, but so far we love it. My son just turned three and is tall for his age. He fits well in this seat and we love that it should be the last one we'll need to buy for him.Happy with purchase
This is the 2nd time I have purchased this seat because I wanted two...it is the best ! I have had the first one for almost 2 years. I have a 3 year old and a one year old and it adjusts to fit them both perfectly. I see no need to ever purchase another seat for my vehicles. It will continue to grow with them until they are old enough for a seatbelts at 8 years old. I love that it is a 5 point harness safety buckle. You will love this carseat. SUPER easy to clean - I have sprayed it with shout then handwashed it with a sponge and detergent, let it dry overnight and it is as good as new.Cannot go wrong!
I am completely happy with this booster seat. My 4 year old is disabled and I wanted something that will secure her better, with a 5 point harness, and provide comfort. This product does both.Outstanding
I recently purchased this seat for my 1 yr old son. I absolutely LOVE IT! He fits in it snuggly and his head doesn't fall forward or to the side when he falls asleep. The assembly is easy too! I was fortunate to stumble across this in the store. I have looked at so many to find the right one and this is definitely it! You can't beat the price either. I'm thinking about purchasing one for my 3 yr old daughter. I just wish they made one in a pattern for girls.Best Seat Out There
My son recieved this car seat as a gift for his first birthday, and we absolutely love it! Only thing i would change is that it doesn't recline as far as i would have liked. Still great car seat for the money!Couldn't ask for a better carseat!
No problem making the transition from the infant carseat! Well padded and very secure.Great and comfortable!
Awesome, awesome, awesome car seat. I wish I would have bought this a lot sooner. Instead I went through 3 car seats before I found this one.

I only have one complaint. I wish the belt for the harness (the part hanging between the child's legs) was several inches longer. When my son wears a coat, we have to stretch the harness all the way and it's really pushing the comfort limit.Only car seat you'll need.
We purchased this seat right when our son turned one. He is an "average" weight/height child so he was able to stay in his bucket seat until he was one. Since this seat is forward facing only, it's only good for your child if they are able to stay in their bucket seat until they turn one. Otherwise, you would have to purchase a third seat between the bucket and this seat. However, we LOVE the seat. After a little practice, we are able to transfer it from one car to another car in less than one minute using the latch system. This was very important to us since both sets of grandparents are 5 minutes away and always take him during the weekends. The padding is great and there is plenty of room for our son. The straps fit well and everything adjusts very easily. The reason we gave a three star for the features is the cup holder. It's great that there is one, but it doesn't hold juice cups and our son can't reach it if we put snacks in there. He is able to reach his handle-less sippy cup if he really stretchs, then shimmies it up with his finger tips. Otherwise, we definitely plan to purchase this same seat for our next child. I hope this review helped!Great Car Seat for Toddlers!
I have only had it two weeks, but I am very happy with the easy of use, and the quick tighten strap in the front. It makes it easier when going from a while with bulky cloths to normal wear, tightening and loosening straps each time can be a pain, this seat solves that.
Highly reccomend it.great seat
We LOVE this carseat! We have had this carseat for almost 2 weeks now and it has been wonderful so far! Our 3-year-old daughter loves the cupholder and the cubby holes for her snacks and toys. We have a Britax Marathon also, but we needed to purchase a new carseat so our 8-month-old son could transition out of his infant carseat. We were going to buy another Britax Marathon, but chose to get the Graco Nautilus due to price and the 3-in-1 features. So we now have our daughter in the Graco and our son moved in to the Britax. It was very easy to put together and looks extremely comfortable. This will be the last carseat that we will have to buy because it turns into a booster seat. All in all, we are very happy with our purchase and would highly recommend it!Excellent Carseat!!
I love this seat and for the reason that it goes up to 65 pounds for a 5 point harness. I am very careful with my kids and the carseats that they use. I will be purchasing another one for my youngest. It has a cup holder that fits basically any cup. The harness easily adjusts to fit your child. Its very durable and well worth the buy. My son absolutely loves it!Definitely worth the buy!
We actually have 4 of these, they are wonderful seats. My almost 6 year old is still harnessed and my super tall 3 year old is able to be harnessed also. WalMart had a great price and it shipped quickly and for free!Love this seat
This seat was purchased to replace the one that my granddaughters' father broke for me. It's a good value if you're looking for something from approximately 20 pounds and above. Not for use for an infant under 20 pounds. It will be useful until my grandaughter reaches approximately 100 pounds and with the laws in most, (if not all) states requiring seats for children I thought it was a good value.Nana's Carseat
We bought this car seat for my daughter when my son was ready to move out of his infant carrier. Now that he's getting bigger we decided it's time to move him into a convertible booster seat. They love that it has a cup holder right within reach and it's very comfortable for them to sleep in. It's very easy to put it together. All you have to do is lift the back up and snap it into place. Adjusting the shoulder straps and bottom buckle are fairly easy as well. I also love the fact that it holds a child up to 65lbs with the 5 point harness and then converts to a backless booster up to 100lbs.2nd one we own
Bought for my grandson because he out grew his old carseat. It was easy to install, great size and nice color. My grandson love it.Great Product
The product meets all my expectations. I seems comfortable my son has fallen asleep in it 8 out of the 10 times he's been in it. I recommend this to anyone who needs to make the transition from infant seat to car seat!!Great product
As a mother of a 48lb three year old sold I have been searching far and wide to find a convertible seat that will hold my son up until he is 65lbs and this seat won!! The seat was easy to put together and install. My son loves it and has plenty of room even with his wider coat on. I highly recommend this seat for parent who have above average sized toddlers/kids. I originally bought the evenflow booster because I didn't want to spend a lot of money on another seat but I returned it a week later and ended up spending more money and it was all worth it!!! Anything for my big boyVery excited and pleased!
I am so happy with the car seat. I initially had the Britax Marathon and it's double the price and doesn't convert to a booster. My son was happy with the Graco and thrilled to have a cup holder for his juice or bottle!Graco Car Seat
Why spend $300+ for a car seat when this one gives you all the features of the most expensive. Great for toddlers (ours are 18 months and 3 yrs), and love the cup holder and cubby holes for storage. Comfortable as well and lots of adjustments as they get bigger.Great Product and Fantastic Value
We've been using this seat a few months for my 3 yr old as he out-grew the height (and now the weight) requirement on his convertible seat, he loves it, it is pretty roomy, and I love that the head-rest seems to "wrap around" the back of his head, seems very safe. No complaints, Love It, I hope they come out with a girly pattern by the time my baby is big enough for one!!Love It!!
I love this car seat and so does my son! We purchased this for his first birthday. We have only had it about 3 weeks but I love how easy it is to use and how well it cradles him. He looks so comfortable when he's in it. I love the fact that i'll never have to purchase another car seat for him. One of my favorite features is that it reclines so his head doesn't droop forward when he falls asleep!well worth it!
Love the Nautilus 3 in 1. I was looking for a seat that had a 5 point harness and would go up to 65 lbs. This is the last seat my son (age 6) will have.
I am very happy and satisfied with the product.
Very easy to install!!EXCELLENT SEAT
We bought this for our 2 1/2 year old daughter because she had outgrown her other carseat. I wanted a carseat with the extended use of a 5 point harness. She loves her new carseat. It looks so comfortable, and I like the fact that it converts into a booster and a backless booster. This carseat is well worth the price.Great carseat
I really like this car seat. It is very affordable, easy to set up, and the baby really has enjoyed riding it in so far. The weight ranges from 20-100 pounds with the 3-in-1 converter feature, so this will be the last riding device we will ever have to buy for our baby. I would highly recommend this product to anyone looking for that 2nd car seat.Excellent Purchase
With the option to move from harness to seat belt to booster, it is the most versatile seat we have owned. Rugged construction and ease of use (installation) makes this your only choiceBest seat ever
I am an avid online shopper and after I bought 6 different carseats for my son who is now 2 I decided to start reading reviews. For the amount of $$ you spend on this product it is well worth every dime. And I will promise you the more you look out there you won't find better reviews on any site for the price. It is a wonderful seat, I love the cup holder and the slots on the side for toys, saves them from being all over my car. Easy installed, it is very heavy for a car seat, but if you plan to leave it in one car all the time I see no problem at all. I would buy this product over and over again with however many kids I have after my one and only now!!Wonderful Seat $$ Well Spent
I bought this seat about a year ago because of the 65lb 5 point harness. My son is 45 lbs and still has lots of room to grow! We tried the seat belt booster and he quickly wanted to go back to the harness! The only thing I would change about this seat is the fact that the extra pad comes out when the harness is out of the first slot. :( It needs a little more padding and it is heavy! If I had to do it over I would buy this seat again!LOVE IT!
We purchased this carseat based on the excellent reviews we read about it, the number of people that have purchased it, the price, and the Graco reputation. Almost everyone seems extremely happy with it. This seat works perfectly for our 19 month old. She seems very comfortable in it. The cupholder is a great feature and also the cubby holes for storing small toys. I do agree with some of the other reviews that mention that their toddlers head bobbles quite a bit when they fall asleep. That is the only complaint I have about this seat. Otherwise this is a great product and will last a very long time!Great Carseat for the $$
Boy does my little man Devin love his car seat. I think he likes the idea that he sits up a little higher in this seat and is able to look out the window. Very easy to install in my car. Happy on my purchase.Love this CAr seat
I purchased two of these recently as my daughter grew out of her convertible seats, mostly b/c of height (her shoulders were above the straps). I did a lot of research and wanted 1) a safe and good rated seat, 2) a 5 point harness for as long as possible and 3) a comfortable seat for her. This has it all! I have been pleased with Graco brand products overall. This is a harness to 65lbs, (my 21 month old is already 32 lbs and tall). I love that it has an adjustable head rest and a cup holder too (not a flimsy one, but one built in). Also, it is a middle of the road priced seat and less expensive online than in the stores (I don't get that). I highly recommend it.Great Seat!
easy to assemble. great valuegreat value
We bought 2 of these for our 19m (24 lbs, 31 inches) and our 4 yr old (39 lbs, 39 inches) because they both needed new seats. We had decided to keep our 4 yr old in a 5 pt harness for as long as possible and he was out growing his other seat (Britax). This Graco seat was the perfect solution as we were looking for a seat to keep in him harnessed and that would last until his belt positioner days.
This car seat is very well made, very comfortable and gives you alot for your money.Great Car Seat for older toddler thru school age
price seems high till you figure you wont have to buy another car seat this one will last till they can sit and use regular seat beltgreat product
I purchased the car seat just recently, for my 14-mo old. I haven't been able to use all the features of it just yet but I hope to as my son gets older. I like the fact that the seat converts from a forward-facing, to back booster, to backless booster with no problem. I wanted a car seat with this feature of converitibility because I didn't want to spend so much money on a forward-facing seat only to have to buy a booster again a few years from now. The cushions are soft, the cup holder is handy. The seat is supposed to slightly recline to the back but I haven't been able to figure out how. My child is able to fall asleep in it during the car rides and overall seems to enjoy it. The seat feels sturdy and fits my child's size very well. I would definitely recommend it.Great Product
Easy to set up, operate and clean. Well made, and looks great. The best part, is that I don't have to worry about that nasty pinch point in the middle of the seat where the belts click, due to a simple and effective safety cover. Great all around.Outstanding
this is an overall great car seat it works perfect and the cup holder is great.GREAT CAR SEAT!!
We bought this about a week ago for our son who normally hates car seats. He loves this one and refuses to get out of it! I like that it has 100 pound weight capacity and comes with a booster seat. It beats paying $300.00 for a car seat from another store, when this one meets everythnig we will need as he gets bigger. This one looks stylish and even has a cup holder, which is handy. I also wanted to mention, it's made sturdy, yet comfortable.Worth the money
Easy set-up, Super sturdy, cup holder location easy for my son to access, the height of the seat allows for him to see out side better. The Metal clip for adjusting the strap length is was extremely important cause the plastic version stink, it is what truley sold me... a side from the safety of the overall seat.Graco - Nautilus 3-in-1 MultiUse Car Seat
I was impressed by the quaility of this car seat. The ease of ordering on-line and being able to pick up at the store was great!Excellent product
Features, Safety, Price and Ease of use make this a winner all around.all around great
Before I bought this, I read the reviews first. And I wasn't wrong. I am satisfied and my 3yo son loved this carseat. Very easy to set-up. kinda heavy to carry but this is the first carseat that my son and I are both happy. He can buckle it himself and honestly I didn't showed it to him how to do it. I like how it'll recline and the drink handle and the small compartment for his toys :)
Thank YOU graco and Thank You Walmart for the affordable price.LOVE IT
I love the car seat I originally purchased it for my 1 year old, but I'm ordering another one for my 4 year old!!!Great Car Seat
I really like this car seat. We loved it so much we bought 2 more.When we installed it, it only took a few minutes (if you have the saftey latches). My daughter is one and she loves putting her toys into the cup holder. Furthermore, it's easy to get her in and out of. She has also fallen asleep in it, and I liked that her head leaned on the side cushion of the head rest and didn't flop over. The only thing that bothered me was that everytime we went to the store to buy the seat the price had gone up. So buy the seat now before it gets more expensive.Great Car Seat
The car seat is great. I like everything about it other than I think that the straps could have been a little more wider and stiffer. They tend to get wrapped up pretty easily. Other than that the seat is just perfect for my 12mo son. Would recommend.Great Seat!
This is a great car seat. It was very easy to install, I would recommend it to anyone looking for a 3 in 1 Car SeatGreat Car Seat
Very happy with this seat thus far, have not gone anywhere other than a couple blocks to daycare w/our child in it but he loves it. It's comfortable & higher up so he can see everything, the cup holder is great, the straps are super easy to adjust in the rushed mornings, the "storage" pockets will come in handy once he's bigger & needs snacks. The only thing we don't like is we thought this was a rear facing seat but it's not & that was our own fault in researching so many different seats. We love the look of the seat. It is going to be great to use up to 100 #'s with a high back booster & a no back booster! We really do like this seat for our 1 year old who was getting too big for his snugride Graco infant seat. Highly recommended. Seems very safe so far!Graco Nautilus 3-in-1 Car Seat
This car seat seems very sturdy and well built. I love that is can convert to a booster seat. No more twisted seat belts too. This is a very heavy car seat!great
I'm so happy with the car seat. I want my grandson to be a safe and as comfortable as possible. This car seat doesn't allow him to "escape", is well cushioned, and reclines a little for comfort. It is perfect!Nautilus 3 n 1 for grandson
My daughter loves this carseat. I had a Britax and the strap mechanism got stuck so we chose this carseat as a replacement because of the 3 in 1 feature. She looks a lot more comfortable and can buckle herself in the harness. The straps tighten and loosen very easily. We had problems with that each time we used our Britax. She loves it so much we got another one for her dad's car. Better head support than our Britax that supposedly goes up to 100 lbs.Great carseat
I had purchased this seat two years ago for my oldest son. He liked that it looked like "a rocket ship chair" and I liked the reviews on it.
It is very handy that every fabric surface can be removed & tossed in the washer. It has held up so well, even with TONS of washes. When the time came for his little brother to upgrade, I didn't even look at any other seats.
The only cons I have experienced is neither one of my boys wanted to leave the padded covers on the straps once they discovered they are only held on with velcro, but they are just fine without them.Perfect for us!
After talking with my sons doctor he advised us to put him back in a car seat with a harness instead of the booster seat b/c he's really skinny and slides out easily. My son is almost 5 and he fits perfect in the seat. When he sleeps his head rests on the side and he looks comfortable. We went on a 9 & 1/2 hour car ride and he never complained to get out.Awesome Carseat
This is the 2nd of this seat we have purchased. We used the Britax when my 4 year old was small because of all the high ratings. Now that he's 4, we needed to upgrade, but couldn't afford another Britax and I wasn't ready to get rid of the 5 point harness. This seat is one of only a few that allows your child to continue in the 5 point harness to 65 pounds. We've got another 20 pounds to go, so it makes me feel good that he'll be secured longer. Plus, there are tons of reviews of people who love this seat. That's the best rating to me. To hear straight from people who will put their own child in it and and feel comfortable using it on a daily basis.

Would recommend this seat to anybody looking for a larger seat that can hold a child 30lbs and up. This is the last seat we'll have to buy!!Great Seat!!
I had been searching for a few months now for a carseat that was safe and converted into a booster seat. I found this and decided to give it a try and i love it. It was easy to put together and to get it into the car. My son loves it too because he can sit up higher and see out the windows! He fits perfecting into it. I would recommend this to anyone who is looking for a great carseat!AWESOME CARSEAT!
This carsit is the best, my son fit very comfort..
Now i am pregnant with twins and am expect to have the same car sit for them....The Best
My son is a little guy and the carseat fits him. The straps in the 5 point harness work easy and he likes that it looks like his older sister's car seat. I love that it can even be used for my 6 year old also.Great Car Seat
I got this when we turned my 4 year old daughter forward facing. She is tall and skinny, 41 inches and 33 lbs. This seat has a very tall harness, which I was thrilled with, it is perfect for a tall skinny mini like her! We also had a britax frontier but we sold it cause the harness is the same height and 80 lbs on such a skinny kid is over kill. This is less expensive and perfect.

I am not thrilled with the booster fit on her, but she is too young for a booster anyways, I did try my 8 year old in it as a booster and it is not perfect honestly.. so we will cross that bridge when we come to it.

It also installs so easily, with either seatbelt or latch, rock solid and it takes 3 minutes tops.

I recomend this seat all the time! I love it for a child who is old enough to forward face.. (this seat fits horribly on a child under 2.. really I have seen it, I have sat my 22 month old in it just to see and it is a terrible fit.. but a child under 2 years old really should be in a rear facing seat anyways.We love our nautilus
After much research into the features, quality, and reviews of several carseats for our 13-month-old, we settled on this model. Since it arrived, we have been completely satisfied with it. The materials are sound and assembly was very simple. Our daughter is a little small for her age, but she fits just fine. A larger child will fit well because our favorite feature is the ability to adjust the tightness of the straps from the front by simply pushing a button and pulling the strap. Our daughter loves her new carseat, and I love having her face forward. The Wal-mart price was unbeatable! The best part is that we won't have to buy our daughter another carseat ever! If you are stuck between choosing a convertible seat or this 3-in-1, I highly suggest this seat because you will eventually have to buy a booster seat anyway, so you might as well save time and money now.Buy it!
This car seat is awesome. It's very comfortable for my twin babies there 13 months old. They seem to love the comfort of the seat and I love the durability of it. This seat is very attractive and comfortable. The price is excellent for what you get. I highly recommend this seat.Love this car seat
easy to assemble and fast to hook up to the vehicle.Great money saving product
This carseat is wonderful! I absolutely love it for my son, I know it will last long and he loves the cupholder.Wonderful Carseat
This is the best, most durable car seat ever! My daughter loves it.Best car seat ever!
I purchased this seat last week after scouring the local Walmarts. My husband actually drove half of the way across New Hampshire to get it, because we knew how great it would be. We purchased a Recaro seat from Target a few months ago. (This is the company that custom makes seats for Porche and other high end performance cars) While I love the Recaro and it shares the ability to go from 20 pounds to 100 pounds, it does not convert into a backless booster like the Graco does. Also, the Recaro does not have a cup holder or any little storage areas that the Graco has. I didn't think that would make much of a difference to me, but now I am starting to see the value of these features. Since the Graco seat had not been introduced to market at the time, I didn't think anything of the $240 that I shelled out for it. In any case, the Recaro will stay in my car, and the Graco in my husbands, but the Graco is the seat we will be recommending to all of our friends.Excellent Seat!!!
We just purchased for our 18 month old daughter and i am very pleased so far. She absolutely loves it. I was a little worried after reading some of the reviews because there were complaints of difficulty when buckling and unbuckling. I can buckle and unbuckle with one hand and it is very easy. I love the cup holder and the compartments they are so convenient.Great car seat!
We upgraded from an Alpha Omega so our son could be harnessed longer. we love the seat.Upgrade
Well I can not top the car crash review (amazing!!) but I do love this car seat we have 2 and they both are very easy to use and remove from cars and switch and everything is easy to work. Keeps my son tight and in place! And his head doesn't slump forward when he sleeps! He looks very comfortable and safe in this car seat! Thankfully we have not had to test it out in a wreck before!Amazing!
Purchased this car seat and have nothing but great things to say about it. Its easy to clean, install and my baby is very comfortable. Its well made and again I must say its easy to install, I did it by myself, no help from hubby:)Best Car Seat
bought this carseat in pink, 2 years ago, it is amazing. faced the rear when my daughter was 7 months and to big for the infant seat. then when she was old enough we turned it forward she rides very comfortably. its very durable and multi fucntion, goes from infant to 100lbs! a rear car seat to a booster!!! best investment ever, actually just bought a second for baby #3!
this carseat is very heavy tho, so switching between vehicles can be a hassle for some, my recomendations, just buy two!absolutely love this carseat
This is an awesome seat! Definatly worth the money and the time spent looking for one!
Its very easy to set up and the features are great. I love it and so does my son!Great Car Seat!
We bought this car seat because our infant son grew out of his old car seat and we wanted something that wasnt too expensive, yet safe and able to grow with him. This car seat is awesome. It is sturdy, not bulky and is for up to 100lbs which is the new law for kids. I feel that the most precious thing in my life is safe and comfortable. Definitely would recommend to all my friends.Great Car seat, my son loves it and its super safe
I recently purchased the Graco Nautilus & I think it's wonderful! My son is 2 & was to tall for the seat he had so I researched seats. I am glad I decided on this one. I was skeptic at first about paying this much for a seat but now I am glad I did. I bought cheaper one's in the past & ended up paying more all together than if I would've just bought this one to begin with. My son likes it. He seems to be very comfortable in it & has lots of room.Great Carseat!!!
We have used these carseats for about 6-7 months. I have no bad things to say about them! Love them! We will get great use out of them!Best Convertible Seat out there!
We bought this carseat for my 18 month old. It was easy to put together and to install. My son loves the cupholder. Only complaint is why not add another cup holder!
We have a Britax Roundabout in our other car and I actually like the latch better on this carseat - it seems to latch in very well where as the Roundabout doesnt click and sometimes I have to work to get it to latch.
We are very happy with this carseat in the 3 weeks that we have used it. Seems very sturdy and love the latch harnessGreat Carseat! Easy Install
I love this seat. It goes up to 65 pounds for a 5 point harness.I have research a lot and then purchase this one. It has a cup holder that fits basically any cup. The harness easily adjusts to fit your child. Its very durable and well worth the buy. My son absolutely loves it! He likes to wear belt him self! He wants to seat all the time in the car seat!!! What else parents want??? :)Excellent Product - So Far
I bought this seat after seeing it on WalMart.com and reading the reviews. My 2 girls are very tall for their age, yet very light. It's extremely hard to find a seat that will accomidate them safely.
I'm so please with the seat. For the price it's outstanding. My one daughter has a $250 seat that is almost similar, but doesn't turn into a backless booster. I'm so pleased with the seat I'm going to recommend it to my other friends. Set up is a little tricky and the seat is heavier then most boosters, but when you consider that the seat is reinforced with a steel frame... Unlike other boosters this seat will be able to be used long after my daughter has grown out of the harness. I won't be running to the store looking for a new seat.Excellent Seat
What a great car seat! The most important feature is the 5 point harness for use up to 65lbs. All of the features are excellent. My daughter is comfortable and most of all, safe. The seat is very easy to use and the 'extra' features are very thoughtful.The last car seat I will buy
We just purchased this seat for our 2 1/2 yr old. She seems to really like the cupholder and armrests. We moved her from her Britax Boulevard to this seat and its quality and safety features seem to be similar. I love the 5 point harness until she is 65 lbs. The seat also reclines a good bit so she isn't sitting straight up. So far, we don't really have any complaints. Seems like great quality for the money.good choice for older kids
I researched car seats for 3 weeks because my son's car seat is only good up to 40 lbs and he's already over 30 lbs at the age of 2 years and 9 months. He had a Safety First Intera because it can both rear and forward face but now that he's older we decided it was time for a new car seat. Being picky we needed one that can extend harness (going past 40 lbs) and this was was perfect for us. The research was worth it to find an affordable safe car seat that looks pricey. I'm a huge supporter of extended harnessing and safety- and this car seat met all my expectations and beyond! If you can't afford a Britax ($250-300) this one is your next best choice. I did the research already- safety, comfort, style, etc- this car seat is everything you'll need. This is the last car seat you'll ever have to buy when you're done rear facing your child. And the cup holder fits all my son's tippy cups! And the cups don't fall out either. The seat doesn't get too hot in the summer (never has burned my son's legs). I could go on and on... Buy this car seat! It's worth everythingLOVE This car seat!!!!
I've read several positive reviews on this car seat, and I went and got one for my 1 year old son.

Pros: 5 point harness, durability, nice padding, and price

Cons: a little heavy, bulky, It doesn't recline back far enough cause when my son falls asleep in this car seat his head tend to fall forward I'll purchase one of those neck support pillow for those long road trips.Great Car Seat
We are beyond happy with our car seat... my daughter loves it. We actually liked it so much we bought another one for the other vehicle. It is worth the money!!Very Pleased!!
Our son loves this seat. His favorite part is the cup holder, which is more conveniently placed than any other car seat's cup holder. We like the high safety ratings. We got it out of the box, and were impressed with the quality. It made his old car seat look cheap. It was more than we had spent on other car seats in the past, but worth the price because it is the last seat we will ever have to purchase for him, and the quality is outstanding. We liked it so much that we ordered the pink one for our daughter today.Great seat, great price.
This is an awesome carseat! My daughter (17 months) is very comfortable in it! I am very pleased with this seat! We love Graco, they are the only carseat brand we'll buy!LOVE IT!!!
I liked it a lot a great value for the money. As good if not better then higer priced carseats that don't do as much.great value
I had bought the Graco Comfort sport when my child had turned 1, but at 18 months the straps seemed to be getting tight already. (It's supposed to last until 40lbs. He's about 30lbs now.)I wanted to keep him in a 5 point harness as long as I can so this seat to 65 lbs will hopefully last. This is the only seat in this price range to have a 5 pt harness above 40 lbs.I love this car seat
I LOVE this carseat! I have a big 2 year old and it's perfect, and she will have plenty of room to grow in it! I love that it's got the 65lbs harness and then the booster converter for later on! I won't have to buy another carseat!! It is comfy for her and she loves her cup holder and the little cubbies under the arm rest! She sticks her small toys in there!
I think it's an excellant car seat and a awesome price!! I love this carseat more than the other carseats I have had before with my other children!Excellant Carseat
I have two boys who I had to buy car seats when the Eddie Bauer 3-1 was recalled. This car seat is great. The only complain I have is that when my oldest son drank a red juice it did stain the grey child lock. Other than that, it's a good car seat and both my sons like it better than their old one.Great car seat
I love love love this car seat! I recommend it to anyone and everyone. I've had my daughter in it since 20lbs, she's now 3 years old and she's loved it! She's very comfortable in it and can sit in it for hours! It was easy to install and moves from vehicle to vehicle very easily. I love the fact that it grows with her so I'm not constantly investing in different seats for her. Best investment I ever made!LOVE IT!!!!!!!!!!!!
I searched all over and went over hundreds of reviews before I decided on this seat. I had my daughter in a britax roundabout and was deciding on another britax when I came accross this one. Easy to install. Havent tried it out yet, but we are going on a trip and wanted something safer then the regualr graco high back booster. I will be replacing the regualr boosters for these.love this seat
my son who is 3 yrs old and is about 40lbs and doesn't ever sit still. i didn't want to put him into a booster yet, so i searched and searched and i found
Graco - Nautilus 3-in-1 MultiUse Car Seat, Bravo which has the 5 point harness for up to 65lbs and adjustable head rest and can be used as a high back booster and a backless booster for up to 100lbs. This will be the last car seat you will ever need to buy and it is such a great price.Great Car Seat
I'm so glad we went with this car seat. It really is a great value for how long you can use it. My son just turned one year and he seems to love this seat. He grins everytime I put him in it. Easy to install!love it!
I love this car seat. The one I had before was same price, but a bar came over the top of my sons legs. And it wasn't comfortable for him. So I got this seat, and it is beyond awesome. Not bad set up, and not at all bad to put into cars. And the cup holder is perfect for my son, and he loves the whole thing. He actually gets excited about the car seat. :) Love it!Fantastic Seat
This is the best seat ever!!!!! I bought it for my 3 1/2 year old, and he loves it! He is the youngest of 6 and I have bought a lot of carseats for my kids! It fits perfect in my car and not all seats do, most are a tight fit or too big! I love the built in cup holder, much better than the ones that stick out of the side! I do have trouble unbuckling him, but it's not a big deal, I do have arthritis. I love the looks of this seat, also! Was intending to use his other carseat longer, but once I put this one in my car, it hasn't left yet!Perfect carseat!!  Love it!!
Great carseat - very comfortable, very easy to set up and install if you follow the directions.Great product
Product was exactly what we needed for our tall son. He is 2.5 years old and too tall for his convertible car seat and almost too heavy for the 40 pound weight limit. I was tempted to just get a high-seat booster, but I did a lot of research and found out that the harness is safest, recommended, and the law in WI. The best part is this seat will later convert to a high-seat booster when he's 4 and a backless booster after that.Just What We Needed
We bought this seat for our almost 4 year old who is big for his age. He has outgrown his Britax Marathon, but I wasn't yet ready to put him in just a booster and didn't want to spend a lot of $$ on another Britax. This seat is perfect! It was easy to install and is comfortable for my son. We all love it and would highly recommend it!My son loves it!
This car seat is wonderful! I have a four year old son with special needs so he still requires a 5-point harness instead of just a booster seat. We looked all over for car seats that cost a ton of money. We found this seat at a local wal-mart and purchased it. We loved it so much that we bought another for our other car. Our son is four years old and almost 45 lbs. He still has two spaces he can go up on his shoulder harness straps. This car seat is going to last us a while longer!! We couldn't be happier with our purchase! The cup holder is a great feature for kids, the reclining position is great for long trips, lots of padding ads comfort, straps adjust super easy depending on what the child is wearing that day!!Wonderful product at a great price!!
I'm a mother of 3 very tall children and although our oldest was *technically* tall enough to transfer to a booster seat, we just weren't comfortable with that. At the time of purchase, this seat was about the only one that would allow for 5-point harnessing to 65 lbs while still remaining in our price range. It's 100% worth the cost. My son loves it, I'm confident he's safe, he has room to grow, and when we're ready, he will be able to transfer out of the harness and to a seatbelt while still be better protected that with other seats on the market. We bought the flowered version for our daughter and plan to buy another black & grey for our youngest son when he's ready to face forward.Excellent Product
I would highly recommend this product to any mother with a child. My son's safety is number 1. Everytime time he climbs in his seat and I buckle him up I know and feel he will be safe.Nautilus 3-in-1
I picked this carseat up this past weekend after my 2 1/2 year old grew out of another Graco that was suppose to fit him until he was 100lbs. That carseat had a 5 point harness weight limit of 40lbs and my 2 1/2 year old is already 39 inches and 38 lbs and the shoulder straps when completely loosened were getting to be impossible to latch together. I couldn't be happier with this seat. There is no doubt in my mind that this is one seat that WILL grow with him...the 5 point harness will hold up to 65 lbs and with the new safety recommendations of keeping your child in a 5 point harness until the age of 5, I feel like it is an absolute necessity. My son LOVES his new carseat. He was thrilled to finally have a "big boy" seat that he actually fits comfortably in.

I was a little concerned about the size of the seat because it is intended to hold such a large child, but it fits very well in the back of my cramped Jeep Liberty. I also found it much easier to install than the other three carseats we have previously had (a Graco Platinum Cargo booster, an Evenflo Triumph Deluxe and the standard Graco infant carrier). Those seats took a lot of effort to get them secure with the latch hooks as I found they still wanted to rock and shift from side to side a bit. I knelt in this seat, tightened the straps and it was as secure as could be.

This car seat is an absolute must have for parents of children who are big for their age! We love it!Fantastic Seat!
I absolutely love this carseat, it is EVERYTHING I ever wanted in a carseat. It's sturdy, has a place for toys, comfortable, very easy to setup, install, and use! My son loves it, is very happy to have a sturdy cup holder and place for his toys to go! I love that I wont have to buy another carseat in a little while because he grew as well, he is tall for his age and this is just PERFECT for that! I have already recommended it to other families!EVERYTHING I WANTED AND NEEDED
My son who is 2, loves his seat, and so do I!
Very good value, and amazing product, have recommended to at least 3 people so far, it's great!
Easy to get in and out of car, very easy to use (belt and straps) and just an all around good product. So glad I bought it!Amazing.
We bought these seats for our 8 & 5 year olds. They both fit in the harness & still have 1 more slot to move up to. The price is great. Any other seats that harness to 65lbs cost way more. The only down fall is how heavy they are. But, I guess any seat that harnesses to 65lbs would be heavy.AWESOME SEAT
I purchased this car seat for my one year old son. It's very sturdy and fits perfectly. My little one is very happy to be facing front like a big boy and it still provides enough support if he falls asleep while we're driving. I'm very happy with this buy.good value
This carseat was everything we expected and quite possibly even more. We used a Graco infant carseat and trusted their products. I was impressed with all the features on this seat since it is 3-in-1. I figured I wouldn't have to worry about getting another seat for our daughter for awhile. My husband didn't complain about putting it together. The only thing he had difficulty with is the back strap that attaches the upper part to the back of the seat. I think it is more of a car problem than car seat problem. We just won't want to take this in and out of the car a lot. I do find that tighting the straps is a little bit more difficult in this seat compared to her infant seat. The other think i really don't like is the padding insert, but that is removable as well. All in all, this seat is well worth the money and Walmart's lovely 97 cent shipping while it lasted.Great value!
When my son outgrew his convertible car seat (at 40 pounds and 3 1/2 years old) I wanted to get another seat that would allow him to be strapped in with a 5 point harness. The other car/booster seats on the market that allow a harness after 40 pounds are few and far between, and often cost close to $250!! This is a great alternative. I plan to keep my son harnessed in this until he reaches the 65 pound limit and then we'll switch it over to a traditional booster seat. This truly is the last car seat you'll ever need to buy! It's easy to put together and fits into all three of our cars perfectly. I have no complaints at all!!Great Extended Harness Seat
We have only used this seat a few times, but so far, I am impressed. I bought it for our almost 4 year old. She meets the height and weight requirements for a seat-belt booster, however I am not ready to take her out of the harness. This seat fits her very well with room to grow. I bought it as an extra for Nana's house and if I didn't have a great seat for my 1.5 year old, I would purchase another one of these.
I had read about this seat on several chat sites and everything everyone said about it is true so far, looks like the last seat we will ever have to buy, even after she outgrows her Britax Marathon!
PS-Love the rollers on the backside shoulder adjustment strap, makes adjusting a breeze!Great Seat
I purchased two of these car seats as soon as they became available at Walmart. I bought them because of the 65lb weight limit with the harness system. My 3 year old moved from a traditional high back booster with seat belt back into a harness seat. He had no problems adjusting, in fact he loves his new seat, especially the stow away compartments in the arm rests. My 1 1/2 year daughter also loves her new seat! She loves having the big girl cup holder! The seat was easy to install in my equinox, it was also easy to put together. My only complaint is that they are a little bulky but no more than what I expected.Great new seat!
This car seat is great. My daughter loves it. We are very happy with it. It is a bit heavier than I expected. My only wish (not complaint) is that it would have a handle on the back to help carry it.Great Product
I drove 1 hour to a different Walmart to buy this product off of the reviews I read on this website. My Walmart had one on display but none in stock. I thought at first that $150 is a bit much but I thought about it and it is 3 car seats in 1! I spent $100 on the first car seat I bought my son. I love this new seat and so does he. It is so worth the money. I love how the head rest adjusts and the ease of adjusting this seat is so nice. I was bummed that I drove an hour to get it but well worth it. If you can find it buy it. KeraWorth the $$ buy it if you can find it.
We love this car-seat. It is the only car-seat you will ever need from the time your baby is out of their infant seat till the time they no longer need a car-seat. It was fairly easy to setup, and we like the fact that it has a very accessible cup holder and little compartments on the inside of the armrest (for little ones to store their garbage, lol). I only have one small suggestion, that it would recline back a bit farther, when my daughter falls asleep in it, her head kinda starts to flop forward, and just looks like a very uncomfortable position to sleep in. Other than that I love it and would not have gotten anything else. I'm so glad Graco came out with this car-seat, just in time for my daughter to transition into the bigger car-seat.Love Love Love!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I really LOVE this carseat! I had to buy 2 one for each car. Best carseat in this weight range for the money!!!
I have a 3 year old and he even told me mommy its very comfy!Graco - Nautilus 3-in-1 MultiUse Car Seat, Bravo
I looked around a lot and did a lot of research. I saw many good comments about his seat and also liked the features it offered. After the product arrived, I could see why it got such good ratings. It is a very nice product. The little side compartments in the armrests are great for storing toys or as my little guy thinks it is for his paci's. He thinks he is such a big boy like brother because of the cool cup holder that is right in reach for him. Right from day one he has liked the seat and had many naps in it, which he is not a car napper. I really like it and would recommend it to everyone!LOVE IT AND SO DOES HE!
Very impressed with the way this car seat is put together. No cheap imitations here. Very sturdy and easy to figure out. We were fitted and in the car in 15 minutes. Alot better product then what we have had in the past. We would purchase again before any higher dollar seat. Great purchase!Comfortable and Safe!
I've only owned this seat for a month but its so easy to install and put together. My son says its very comfy and it seems to fit him well. I love it because its going to be the last seat we have to purchase for him. The price was right too!!So far great car seat
i love this carseat!!! i really wish i coudve found this few years ago. it coudve saved us alot of money. after the infant carrier u really only need this carseat. it changes from a harness convertible seat to a belt postioning booster to an actual backless booster. my son wouldve been too big for his convertable seat but too small for a belt postioning high back booster. this works out perfect for us because he is able to still stay in the 5 point harness. im so glad we wont be buying anymore carseats for him. i am def going to get another one of these when my new baby out grows his infant carrier. my 3 yr old loves this carseat. it even has a little place to put his toys and a cup holder that doesnt come off.love it!!
I love this seat! I just got one for my 1 1/2 year old, and I am now purchasing a 2nd for my 2 1/2 year old. It is great because it will be the last car seat I have to buy for them, it converts to a booster too! Great fit in our truck! Easy to use and assemble. Would definately recommend!Great car seat!
This is great and was at a great price. My daughter love it. It is easy to put together and to put into the car!!!Great Car Seat
Our Graco CarGo seat was soon to expire...Yikes--we needed to buy yet another car seat! I looked at the Regent, the Radian, and the Safeguard. Then, I just happened to see this seat on the Wal-mart website. It was out of stock for a while...but once it came in stock, I decided to purchase it. (I was a little leery about purchasing a seat without "trying it on" first, but relied on the super reviews) I was not disappointed!

We have been using the Nautilus for about 3 weeks and totally love it! We had it shipped site to store and therefore saved on the shipping $$$. The box is large and heavy and when I took the seat out, I thought I would be overwhelmed with the assembly. It took about 5 minutes! I can see where previous reviewers have said that some parts may be a little tricky, but with the help of the manual, all went smoothly. I have the seat installed in my Sienna's captain chair and it gets a nice and tight fit.
The recline feature is simple, although the angle of recline is not so substantial. The cup holder and "secret compartments" are a plus with my gilrs. At first, I thought the head rest looked a little awkward--a little too forward, but all of my girls tell me the seat is comfy and actually fuss over who gets to sit in it! I am not having the problem with weak armrests, as a few of the other reviewers are. The armrests are sturdy, even when pushed on by an adult.

Graco seems to have some advantages over the other car seats we considered---converts to booster/backless booster, armrests, cupholder, not as crazily large, less $$$, storage compartments, wipe-clean fabric...

So, overall, this is a great seat for my family. I have 3 year old twins weighing 28 and 29 pounds, and a 5-year-old weighing 38 pounds. It's great to know that this seat will be used for years to come and will actually grow with my family!Super Seat!
MY BABY HATES SITTING IN HIS OLD CAR SEAT
I WOULD HAVE TO HOLD HIM IN THE CAR MOST THE TIME BAD I KNOW
BUT SINCE I HAVE GOT THE 3 IN 1 HE LOVES IT
VERY HAPPY WITH THIS PRODUCTGREAT CAR SEAT
Regardless of the price, this is a great car seat (the price is just an added bonus). We searched for MONTHS for the perfect car seat for our son. I read every review, watched every crash test video and was ready to shell out $600 for 2 Britax car seats (as I am sure most of you agree - your children deserve the best!). The day my husband went to make the online order, he decided to do one last search - and found this seat, fresh off the market. We picked it up at Wal-mart that night. It is awesome! My 20 month old (tall and skinny) fits easily within the straps with plenty of growing room. He can fall asleep comfortably, reach his sippy cup in the cup holder and store his goldfish and pacifiers in the side pockets with easy access. The fabric is great for any weather and easy to clean. We have one in the mini-van and one in the back of a jeep wrangler.This is a great car seat!
The Nautilus is a very good addition for the kids. I believe it is a very safe device and the children seem to really enjoy the ride and the comfort of the car seat. Thanks!!!Car Seats
i bought two carseats before this one and i love it! my son is almost three he loves his carseat. he loves that he has a cup holder (he keeps toys in it when he doesn't have a drink) on the inside of the car seat on the right and left side there is two pockets. my husband and i didn't see them they are hidden. my son found them. we thought it was kinda funny he was putting things in there and we didn't know where they were going until one day my husband was buckling him up and saw all the toys in the sides of his carseat. it is a great size and the looks are good too. im extremely pick about things i buy for my children, nothing but the best. that's what this carseat is. my youngest is 10 months as soon as he is one we are going to buy another one.love,love. ,love it!
This product is wonderful! I recommend this to everyone! It is so sturdy(like a racing seat). My daughter loves the cupholder! It is also very easy to take from one vehicle to another. Again, I highly recommend this product.Daughter loves it
I bought this seat for my 1 1/2 year old son (he's 30 lbs already). I have a britax...and I like this seat better. He loves it too!Great seat
I think this carseat is great! We needed a carseat for our 2 1/2 year old...as his 4 1/2 month old brother will take over the Evenflo Triumph that we have. I like the fact that he can be in the harness for so long. The seat is not "cushy" like the Evenflo...but...good enough for an older child. I was impressed that his head did not fall forward when he fell asleep...even in the upright position...not reclined. My son loves the cup holder and cubbys in the arms...he keeps his little toys and balls in them.
Once again...a great seat...cannot think of any cons...great carseat!
Got here super quick, was quite an ease to put together, and my one year old LOVES IT! :) Its very attractive, the only thing I don't care for is the stationary arms, I wish I could move them out of the way to get him in. But really that's not a problem. My son looks comfortable and I love knowing that he is well protected! I only buy Graco, and am impressed w/ the quality at such an affordable price!Simply Love It!
I love this car seat. My daughter loves the arm rest and the padded straps. We bought this right when she weighed 20 pounds this will Definitely be a lasting purchase!!!Best car seat ever!
This carseat is so well made - the overall construction is solid, good design, easy to install, and very comfortable for my 16 month old daughter. She loves the drink holder and very comfortable seatbelt straps too. The padding on the seat is very plush and comfortable. This is a good value and a very good buy.Love this carseat!
This is the best car seat ever! After much research I decided to go ahead and buy it. It is exactly everything that I read it would be and more. Very easy to set up out of the box, and a perfect seat for my 2 year old who loves the cup holder and snack hideaways. It's also very comfy for him to sleep in. We won't need another seat/booster for the rest of his "little kid" years. Love it!AWESOME!
It took me a long time to finally get my hands on this seat b/c it seems to be really popular, but it was well worth the wait. My 3 year old loves it, and it seems to be made very well. It was a little difficult to get it all set up and adjusted properly, but it was super easy to install in the car. My only complaint is that you can only use the seat pad on the lowest shoulder strap level. My daughter was kinda bummed about that, but its a fantastic seat otherwise.Love it!
This seat is very durable, it makes me feel like my child is held in extra safe. My daughter loved it. I really liked the fact that it has padding behind the harness so it can't pinch her.A great seat.
I bought this car seat for my tall 3-yr-old daughter. Her past seat was an Evenflo convertible (rear to front facing). I really like the Graco Nautilus so far! PROS: converts from 5-pt harness to belt-positioning booster to backless booster; nice features including headrest and cupholder and armrests; looks like "big-girl" seat; appears durable; easy to adjust; comfortable.
CONS: took time to assemble out of the box.
Overall I feel that this is a great seat for the money, and I appreciate being able to keep my daughter in the 5-pt harness longer! It is safer that way! This seat is also a big lower than our past seat, so it is easier for her to get in and out of, especially when she is sleepy and I am putting her in/out of the seat.great and built to last!
My 3 year old loves this car seat. It is very sturdy.Wonderfull carseat
Our little boy was over 40 pounds and not even 3 years old yet - and I wasn't ready to move him to a car seat without a harness. This was the perfect solution!
We're very pleased with the quality. And we're happy to have this be the last car seat we'll need to buy. The ability to use this seat as he grows makes it worth the cost.
I highly recommend this seat!Just the car seat we needed!
this carseat is really great my son loves it and its much more comfortable for him than the other carseats i've bought love him having a cup holder and the height adjuster is very nice great product!!great product
This will be the last car seat I have to buy for my now 3 1/2 year old, 39 pound, 40 inches tall child!
I like being able to keep her in an internal harness through 65 pounds. It is comfortable and she loves the secret pockets and cup holder. The only thing is the straps get a little twisted but I guess that can be expected with any seat.Great car seat
This carseat is awesome!! Our children seem incredibly safe and secure in their seats!!! The seat did require an extra set of hands in order to put it together. It wasn't difficult, I just needed to hold things in two spots and use a third hand to pull up the back of the seat. All in all, much simpler than I thought it would be!!! My kids sit up higher in these seets than in others, so they can see much more out the windows. They truly seem to love them!!Awesome Carseat
My mother-in-law bought this seat for my TALL 4 year old (42 inches 40 lbs) to use in her car. My daughter loves this seat so much we switched! She says she is very comfortable, which she must be since she has never fallen asleep in the car until riding in this seat. Even when she was a baby, no sleeping! She loves that it has a cup holder to hold her bottled water, and that the seat looks like her 7 year old cousin's booster seat. I personally feel that being in a harness longer is a great idea, and this is the seat to do it! It is also not very large considering the weight limit it has.
This is coming from someone who has a BRITAX regent. The regent was a great solution for us, and my daughter and I like it, but to be honest, we like this seat a LOT better. When my son gets a little older, we will definitely be purchasing him a matching one! Good job GRACO!Perfect seat for extended harnessing!!!
I love this seat because it was inexpensive compared to other seats in its class and I can keep my five year old son harnessed for at lest another year!! I would not recommend this seat for small toddlers though!! Small toddlers should be refacing as long as possible and this seat is forward facing ONLY!!!!! I love it!Awesome seat for older harnessing!
I've been very pleased with this carseat. The previous convertible car seat we had was a nightmare to remove the seat cover. This one is much easier. Also love the fact that it has the 5 point harness up to such a high weight. My previous one only went to 40 lbs.great car seat
I needed a car seat for my grandson, so we wouldn't have to keep switching his car seat. I didn't want to pay an arm and leg either, and I wanted it to be safe and protect him, foremost. When I read the reviews, even of accidents while child was in this car seat, I was won. It was easy for my daughter to install in my car and my grandson will use it for a long time. He loves the cup holder, since their car seat has no cup holder. He appears to be comfortable and secure. I would definitely recommend this car seat. I truly love it!!I love this nice car seat !!
I loved this car seat, my doughter is really safe and is easy to use!Really nice!
We purchased this seat after doing extensive searching online. I wanted a seat that was both safe and offered extended harnessing. Not only does this seat allow you to harness up to 65 pounds, then use as a safer more protected high back booster up to 100 pounds, it also is very plush and cushy, not to mention easy to use. It even has cushioning on the straps, so that they don't dig into the child's shoulders! Overall a very safe, plush, and extended use car seat. Great features for the money!Excellent Seat w/Extended Harnessing!
I have twins and they love this car seat. It's comfortable and it reclines. The fabric is nice and not hot. The value for the money is great! I highly recommend this car seat. It's nice that I will not have to buy a new car seat for another few years since it converts to a booster seat.Excellent
I am happy to give this rave reviews, but feel nothing is perfect, so the only thing I could see an improvement in would be maybe the option to remove the inside of the cup holder so as it would be easier to clean. If there was a way to accommodate a bigger cup base too, that would be nice. We are really impressed with the quality and price!Pefect, except...
My daughter had one of these seats in each one of our cars and my son is now big enough that we wanted to put him in a larger and nicer seat. If there is anything that I would say could be improved, it's the strap that connects the seat to the vehicle clips. We had Britax seats when the kids were younger and being able to tighten/loosen each side to install or remove the seats was easier than the one large strap for both sides. We don't remove them that often, but that would make it less of a hassle. Otherwise, comfort, safety, ease of cleaning upholstery and appearance are all that we were looking for in a car seat.Already had 2 before these 2.
The only car seat you'll ever need. My 15 mo old daughter loves her big girl seat. She has pleny of room. It's very comfortable, and most importantly, very secure. Cup holder is convenient.Excellent!
I am pleased with the durability and sturdiness of this carseat it has met my expectations.Happy with this purchase
Between car seats in multiple cars, friends, and vacations, we have tried out quite a few types of seats. This one is, by far, the best one that we have ever used.
Our kids are still smaller so we have not had the chance to use the booster seat functions so I can't comment on those. But, this is the first 5-point restraint that I have used were I actually have to pay attention to not making it too tight instead of the other way around. The rollers that guide the shoulder straps (on back of seat) are SO SMOOTH, you can tighten the harness with just your fingertips if you want to.
I kinda consider the cupholder and side-storage bins "fluff" but our kids love them.Best car seat we have tried!
I bought the Bravo and the Erica. They are very easy to instal. One is used in my mom's car which has latch and one is in mine with out latch. Both ways I have done instals multiple times now. It only takes a few minutes. These are great seats!easy to instal
I love this car seat!! It is so great! The best part is my son can use it until he is done with a car seat all together! I have a 4 month as well and I will just get her the same car seat when she is old enough and then I won't have to buy another car seat! I highly recommend it!Very happy
I have twin 5 year old daughters. We previously used a convertible car seat. They were getting tall enough that their legs would fall asleep during longer trips. We wanted a 5-point harness, LATCH, and truly big enough for school age kids. This is it! Don't bother with the $300 plus car seats. The girls love it. They are comfortable, support their heads when sleeping, and can recline for night time road trips. Keep your children in a 5-point harness as long as you can. My girls only weigh around 30 pounds; so we did not like the idea of no harness. Way to go Graco!Love It!
I bought 2 for both my boys and they both love them and it is so easy to get them in and out of the car seatLOVE THEM!!
I am very pleased with this product. Easy instructions and easy to install. This is a good buy.Yay
I have been looking at this car seat since seeing it on jon and kate plus 8. And i love the reviews! And its last for so long finally got it and love it so much. Allyson is 2 and short for her age and she loves it she can reach the cup holder and her head never falls forward the loves to rest her head agains the head rest part. I love it alotawsome
The car seat is excellent for our 2 year old daughter. The only complaint I have is in the setup. It is not designed to be moved from one car to another very easily, unless you have the car seat fasteners. We ended up purchasing another brand for a secondary car seat for grandma and grandpa's car and for the truck. I would definitely recommend this one if you won't be needing to move it from car to car very often. It reclines slightly allowing my daughter to sleep on long drives. It sits fairly high allowing her to see what is going on outside the vehicle. This generally keeps her entertained for a while, which is good.Excellent car seat but a bit pricey
in my opinion this is better than Britax, wow what a cool seat, i have had the regent what a big tank it was took up the entire back seat, then i neede the extra space so i went to a turbo booster my 5 yo daughter wasnt ready for that she kept getting out she was too big for a regular carseat 44 pound and 45 inches tall so i got this it was a breeze to put together, installed in minutes, ans still left room in the back seat of the car, i was surprised she didnt fight being harnessed again but she loves it especially the cubbies on the sides shes at the second the last harness slot, way to go Graco, a seat alot of people can afford buy it dont waste your money on Britaxbetter than Britax
My daughter loves this seat! She fits into so well! It isn't too bulky either. I debated getting the a Britax but am glad i didn't because it would have been to bulky!Great
With all the different, and pricier, options out there, I've been so pleased with this carseat (and the $0.97 shipping was great!) Our daughter is 4, and just about to outgrow her convertible car seat, but for safety reasons we still wanted her in a five point harness. I love that this will convert to a highback booster and then a regular booster as she grows.So happy . . .
I baught this seat, because on the feedback lots of people said it could be used backwards... There's actually no explanation in the book how to install it facing backwards but my son is old enough so I didn't minds that. Overall the carseat looks and feels great! My son loved it! It is so much easier then the old infant car seat I was using I just adore my Graco car Seat!Great Car Seat
I love this car seat.
I had two of these car seats and they worked great. When I was rear ended the other day the seats worked great. The kids were never hurt and they never knew that we got hit. So I had to go out and buy two new ones. I got the same ones cause they worked so well. You will never have to by another car seat again. My kids love them.LOVE IT!
Wanted a 5 point harness for my 4 year old and a seat that can recline. Not sure if this seat will recline as well in a car, but a van or a suv where you can adjust the seat will most likely work best!!! I will say this seat was a pain in the you know what to install. Once you think you have it installed and ready to go.. you have to take it back out to re-adjust everything. Make sure to have the child sit in it first and do all the adjusting to the straps before hand, and if the shoulder straps are above the first slot..take out the comfort pad or you will again have to remove the seat to remove the pad. besides the hour it took me to install the seat.. I AM SUPER HAPPY with it!!!Soooo worth it!!!!
My son and I both love this car seat! I plan I buying another one in a few weeks.I'm in love!
I made the decision to by this carseat based off of the reviews I found. I was not disappointed! My little girl loved the seat and I feel safe with all it's features. I would have liked to have seen that it could be rear facing, but I just held off on using it until my daughter was a little bigger. It's well worth the money with the 3 in 1 features and Graco is a name you can trust!An Excellent Carseat!
I thought this car seat had a slightly different look than others I had looked at. That is what attracted me along with the price and ratings it has received. It's a great carseat that is easy to clean and install. I love the extra padding it provides (as opposed with the cheaper seats) without the bulky feeling (of the pricier models.)
Last carset I need to buy since it converts to fit 100 lb child. So worth it!Great Carseat--Clean Look
good product over all !!! easy to set up , easy to use , my daughter love it right away !!A very helpful product
This car seat is GREAT, so much so that when I bought it for my Grandson for me to use, his parents wanted to buy one for them instead of the much pricier car seat they had already purchased. Kids sit up great in it and it is easy to adjust. Love the material it's made with and the extra deep cup holder.Great Car Seat for kids over 1 yr.
I bought a carseat for my niece's daughter who would go with us. It was such a hassle to switch the car seat between the cars. I bought this car seat and ended up giving it my niece because it was much more plush and had a higher safety rating. I then ended up buying a second car seat for my car. It was a great value, safe, and can convert as the Kyra grows. Plus, we all know how easy it to work.Love this carseat. Easy to use.
I LOVE this carseat. My son is 3yrs old and outgrew his last seat, it only went up to 40lbs. I love that I can use the 5-point harness up to 65lbs. I plan to keep him strapped in as long as possible.

I have cheked this carseat everytime that I travel and it has done well.....it is very durable. The seat cover is super easy to take off/put on - It also washes well.

Nautilus is the last car seat you'll ever need to buy.Wish I would have bought it sooner!
My one year old upgraded from rear-facing to this front-facing seat. He loves the view and laughed out loud the first few weeks every time we put him in it. I love that it has the little compartments that he can stow toys in. The only thing about the seat is that on longer trips (we make frequent hour long drives to see family) it takes him longer to fall asleep, so those naps aren't quite as long as I'd like. It was super easy to install and a snap to move from car to car. I love that this will grow with him for the next 6 years!Son loves it!
My son loves his car seat. Now he faces forward and can see whats going on. The car seat is easy to get him in and out of. I like the cup holder too. Its all in one and you don t have to buy a booster seat later on.All in one
I purchased this car seat on line and got it a few days later. We installed it and I went to Walmart and bought another one for our other vehicle. My husband and I will not have to buy another car seat. I am so happy that we decided on this car seat and not another one.Execellent Choice
A very good carseat- I used the LATCH system- good price for the years you get out of it.Excellent carseat
Great car seat very pleased with this product.Get yours todaygreat seat
We bought this for our 3.5 year old son. He was about 38lbs and we were not ready to have him use a seat belt positioning booster yet. We mainly bought it for the higher weight limit on the 5 pt harness. He loves it. We love it. The best car seat we have purchased. Do not hesitate to buy this car seat.Great Purchase
Great carseat for an older toddler at a great price. You can keep a child up to 65# in a five point harness instead of just the car seat belt. It's roomy for a bigger kid and the cup holder is big enough for lots of different sizes bottles. It went together very easily and is not hard to install using the LATCH system. We are very impressed so far. We bought this one instead of another Britax Frontier seat due to the Frontier's extremely high price. We like the Britax BUT for the price the Graco has it beat AND the Graco will convert to a backless booster eventually as well, saving money too. My almost four year old daughter really likes this new seat and the headrest adjusts to the perfect height for head and she can lean her head against it as well if she's tired. It is a great value and seems very well built.Graco-Nautilus 3-n-1
My son likes it. Very comfortable & safe. Ideal for long trips.Good one ! Like it very much !!
Had tried this 3 in 1 car seat in the store for my 6 year old grand-daughter. It surpassed my expectations 100%. The back is stable unlike others that just sit in place this is a SOLID multi level car seat. The store was out so ordered in on line and delivery was within a week. This will grow with hee and gives me better peace of mind when she is in the car with me!Fantastic
I've loved Graco seats since we brought our little boy home in his Snug Ride. THe latch system is easy to use. The 5 point harness is easy for an adult to manipulate, and the padding on the seat makes for a comfy ride. I like the option of using the seat with or without the harness, now that he's getting a little older. I also like that the cupholder is ON the arm rest, not a sticking out portion on the seat, which doesn't let a lot of sitting room for others in the back seat.Exactly what I'd hoped for
we have had this seat for over a year now & are still totally pleased with it. we have removed the cover & washed it several times. the cover washes up nice & fits back on easily. we purchased it because we wanted to keep our SOLID daughter in a 5 point as long as possible.
we have recommended this car seat to friends who have purchased & loved theirs just as much.
if i could give it more than 5 stars i would!!!highly recommended!!!
We bought this carseat because of the ratings and once we got it home, we took back our other carseat we purchased. Walmart online had the best price for this carseat and other store would not match their price. So now we have 2 of these carseats.Good for the price
I purchased this product for my nearly 1 year old son. I was highly impressed with the quality of it when I received it. Very easy to setup and install. This car seat is worth every penny of its cost!! My son and I are both enjoying the seat!Recommended product!
I have 5 kids and have had the Britax top-of-the-line carseat as well as the Cosco low-price carseats. I've come to the conclusion that you really can't go wrong with Graco. They have the best designs, functionality, durability, comfort...all for the best value. Britax is way over-rated, Cosco has very little padding (although you can easily add your own), and Graco generally makes a very good-quality product.

My one-year-old daughter LOVES her new carseat and we think it's great, too!Love it!
We love this car seat. It is sturdy and comfortable and my son loves it. It is very well constructed. I only wish it could recline more. This would be the perfect car seat if it reclined further back. All in all, love the carseat!Nautilus Car Seat
As soon as my three year old gets in this seat and we take off he falls asleep, so it must be comfy. Love that it grows with the child. Very nice looking and my son love to put things in the little "pockets" under the armrests of the seat. If these are still around when this next baby is big enough we will definetly buy another one!Best carseat.Can't beat the price!
Bought this for my 3-yr old who had outgrown his convertible carseat do to weight, but I wasn't ready to take him out of a seat with a harness and put him in a regular high-back booster. I wish I would have bought this 2 years ago instead of a convertible carseat. It's very plush and looks comfortable to sit in. My son loves it. The cupholder is great.Great purchase!
We were in a car accident and I had to replace my 2 car seats. After many hours of research I decided to go with 2 of these and so happy I did. It is a great seat. Kids are super comfy and they love the cup holders!!!Great Product
We bought two seats for our two cars. This is a great seat for the value. I plan to use it till 100 lbs. I wish I would have gotten this seat earlier because the harness is good till 65lbs and my other carseat was only to 40lbs. I have a 40lb 3 year oldGraco - Nautilus 3-in-1 MultiUse Car Seat, Bravo
So far, the car seat seems to work really well for our 2 year old. It seems very sturdy and safe. We would prefer if the crotch strap could be moved further out.Great Car Seat
I am a stay at home mom with twin boys. They are 2 now. Every dime counts and safety is obviously a big concern. This was an easy seat to install and very easy to use. I love that you can use it all 3 ways. I have only had it for about a month but I love it. I especially love how the sides come out around his head for extra support and safety. I found this on walmart.com at a very good price when compared to those at other stores:)Good Product
I've only had this car seat for about a week, but so far it's great. My son looks so comfortable in his big boy seat. He hasn't had any problems falling asleep in it other than now that he his forward facing he can see more and is quite a nosy baby and likes to look around more. My husband installed it in my car in less than 5 minutes. I have Toyota Corolla and my son has plenty of room. I actually got to push the passenger seat back some from where it was when he was in his carrier.Great car seat and value!
WoW!!! I cannot believe I actually bought a carseat that I totally love and on top of it all my baby love to sit on it too.

Help keep your child harnessed as long as you can and if you can do that without buying a procession of car seats, even better! The new Nautilus 3-in-1 Car Seat is the only forward-facing car seat your child will need. It helps keep him safe in a 5-point harness longer than most car seats - all the way up to 65 lbs. Later, the seat converts to a highback booster then backless booster, for comfortable, custom protection up to 100 lbs. Extensive crash testing and a steel-reinforced structure give parents peace of mind, while the height adjusting head support and extra-comfy seat with wide armrests, cup holder and side storage help your precious passenger relax and enjoy the ride.

I would totally recommend this carseat to other parents!!!LuV this CarSeat!!!
I originally bought this seat for a trip we would be taking on an airplane. It is for my oldest daughter who is four and needed a carseat with a safety harness for the plane. While this seat is a lot heavier than i expected, I wouldnt recommend t if you have to drag it around for a long time.

Other than that this seat is amazing, the fabric is great, the harness adjust to fit my large 4 yr old without being to tight in between the legs, and it is very comfortable. I LOVE IT! I will be buying another one very soon. Its way better than any Britak and much more friendly to your wallet. I am suggesting this to all my friends and family!LOVE, LOVE, LOVE IT!!!!!
Great carseat, had to get it, have 3 grandbabies that are 3 1/2 yrs old and were ready for a booster seat. My oldest out of the 3 was just in a serious car accident and if she hadn't been in a harness she would of been injured. Had to buy this seat to keep them safe for the next few years, the harness is very important to their safety!!!!A must need
This car seat was super easy to put together and install, it fits my son perfect and I just love that it will last him for many years. I looked at lots of other car seats before choosing this one and I am so glad this was the one I picked. Very happy with itLove this car seat
So far so good. My son sits comfortably. but now that hes is front facing his head hangs forward when sleeping. But i like the seat. Wouldn't recommend to a person that would have to switch it from car to car due to the weight of it.good seat
My grandson seems very happy in this seat. Fits well in my car, is very versatile and will grow with him. The only complaint is the strap that comes up from the seat itself is too short/close to the back and it goes under the baby. There is no way to keep it forward while putting the baby in the seat and then I have to reach under him to pull it out. Otherwise, I am happy. I would buy this seat again.Great Car seat
i love this carseat. i purchased it for my 5yo daughter after a failed trial with a high-back booster seat when she became too big to get in and out of her carseat easily (she had a safety 1st carseat with armrests that did not lift up so she had to climb over them). she has the attention span of a jelly bean and would constantly be leaning forward into the floorboard of the car to get something or leaning across the seat to get something and was almost never under the seatbelt so we were forced to put her back in a carseat with a 5pt harness for her own safety. at 5yo, finding a carseat with a high enough weight rating for the harness was no easy task as she was almost at the 50lb weight rating for most carseats. i was basically left with 3 options, the nautilus, the myride65 (also by graco), or a britax. the myride65 is only a carseat and doesnt convert to a booster at all so to me it wasnt worth the $130 walmart sells it for if i was only going to use it for another year or so. and at approximately $280 for a britax, that was out of my price range so i settled on the nautilus.

i absolutely love the safety features of this carseat. unfortunately the steel reinforced frame makes this carseat heavy and bulky. this carseat would not fit in the center seat of the backseat of my 99 bonneville at all without blocking the center of the back window creating an unsafe driving condition because it is kind of tall compared to other carseats. our car also does not have the most carseat friendly seat belts because of the way the buckle is encased in hard plastic so that it doesnt slip between the seat back and the seat. the only way i could get this carseat to fit properly was in the fully upright position. the straps are a little short but my daughter (who will be 6 in august and weighs in at 50 lbs and just under 44inches tall) fits just fine as she is thin but very dense. it still fits over her winter coat. the carseat is a little narrow but for us this isnt an issue. and i love that this carseat is so easy to adjust. i was able to take it out and adjust it to fit my cousins 21 month old daughter in just a few short minutes. when she was done with it, i had it adjust back to fit my daughter and back in the car just as fast.love this carseat but....
I have done hours of research to find a GREAT car seat at a reasonable price. This car seat is it! Most seats you can only use the harness up to 40lbs, this one goes to 65lbs! Also, the 3-in-1 is ideal - I will not have to buy another seat. It is rather easy to clean as well. My ONLY complaint is that it's a bit heavy - but I also feel this makes it safer. I am 5'2'' and 120 lbs and I am able to move it around. It fits well in our truck, Toyota Highlander, & Camry! I tell everyone about this seat! In our primary car, Highlander, I am able to lean the seat back just a bit and then it has the nice head rest for my little guy to sleep. It does come with a reline option, but it's not relined a whole lot. Great seat!GREAT GREAT SEAT
My son just turned 4 and was growing out of his old car seat. The 5 point harness didn't fit with a winter coat anymore. He does meet the age, weight and height requirements to be in a high backed booster and regular booster but I wanted to find something with a 5 point harness for larger than 40 lbs-it makes me feel better about his safety and I don't feel he's mature enough to just have a seat belt. I love the fact tat this seat converts into a high backed booster as well as a backless booster. Well worth the money to me and my son loves that it's "comfy." I also like the fact that when he falls asleep the headrest holds his head up and his head doesn't fall forward-to me that's dangerous in itself. Over all great seat!My lil guy loves it!
This car seat is great. Well designed and very sturdy. Fits nicely in my car (Mazda Protege). My 2 1/2 year old was not fitting his 5 point harness anymore with his bulky winter jacket (we live in Canada) so I needed to find one that would fit beyond the standard 40 pounds. This seat also keeps him well positioned when he is sleeping. Will be great for a long road trip. The only improvement would be if there was a second cup holder to hold snack or toys.Excellent car seat
I have been looking since my grandson turned 1 for a safe seat for my car. My grandson lives six hours away and I figure he will only ride in it a few days every couple of months and a week in winter when we take him to the cabin and two weeks in the summer when he goes with us on vacation. I was looking at the britax models because I wanted extended harnessing and a seat that would last several years since it won't see heavy everyday use. We put it to the test last weekend when we took him on our first big road trip and he was very comfortable and didn't complain(fuss) even once. I really like that when we returned home and I removed it to clean and store until the next use all it took was a little vacuuming and a damp sponge to remove the cracker crumbs, dried fruit and small splatters from his juice box. If I still had little ones this is the seat I would choose for them, It rates right up there with the absolute best and a fraction of the price and easy to clean. I'm sold on this seat.Glad I chose this seat
This seat is AWESOME!! It's so easy to use and install. I always had a horrible time installing seats properly, until this one. I can do it in about 2 mintues. I recommend this to anyone who wants to 5 point harness their child for as long as possible b/c it is safest for them. This seat does NOT move at all in my car when you try and move it side to side.Awesome seat!
This is the second of this Graco model I have purchased for my niece and her three year old. The first one was taken by the Colorado Highway Patrol after they were involved in a rollover accident just ten days after receiving the car seat. They were on vacation and on their way back home to Minnesota. The little guy stayed perfectly secure and safe. (everone else recovered too) My niece was so thankful and impressed with how well the car seat worked we replaced it with the same model. Thank you Graco!This Car Seat Works!
This is THE car seat to buy. It is more expensive than many others, but it is well worth the price.

We have been using it for around 1-1/2 years. There is hardly any wear on it. It has been taken apart countless times to be cleaned. It is a little difficult to get everything back together. But, once you get the hang of it, it's no big deal. The cupholder is in a great position and the "arm rests" are great when she wants to color in the car.

It fits nicely in our Altima with room for two other people in the back seat. I cannot say that about our other car seat in the Camry.Best One So Far
Great Carseat! We have 2 of these for my older son who is 5 and he still buckles himself into the 5-point harness. When it was time to buy my younger son a new seat, I knew just what we wanted. We are now the proud owners of 4 of these seats and they work great for both boys. They should last for many years to come.Great Carseat
Very sturdy, nice looking and comfortable for baby.a great product
Our baby was delighted with her new car seat and her Daddy was happy about how easy it was to install. After months of sitting backwards our little doll baby was so happy to sit up where she could see and we were so reassured to see her so safely ensconsed on her plush throne. We did a lot of research before buying this product and it was very highly rated by every source we could find.All we hoped for
This is a great carseat! We bought this for our 2 year old son and it has done perfectly. I only wish we would have found this earlier!!Great carseat
Love this seat. It's just what we needed. Our son was growing out of his other seat and this one was big enough, yet comfortable for him to sit in. The croch strap wasn't tight, and the shoulder straps fit nicely. Overall I just love it!Love it!
We did a great deal of research and wanted to find a booster seat durable enough to last our son for the next few years. Plus we wanted something with a 5 point harness and the ease of use. We had the Britax Roundabout and the transition to this " big-kid " seat was seamless. Great chair , very versitile and a better value than some of the more expensive ones. We bought two!Great seat! Excellent value!
After reading many reviews on car seats, i was very flustered on which one to purchase. I decided to go with this graco because its the 3-1 feature and i had a graco for the rear facing seat before this one. I can see where people would complain about the buckle not adjusting however personally i dont need to adjust it because the straps adjust. I love the extra padding, and my son loves the cup holder and the little storage on the side for his toys. We were rear ended by another car a few weeks ago, and the car seat seemed to really hold up to it. I would recommend this car seat to others.Great Carseat
This seat is a great value for the price. I love that my son can be in a harness up to 65 lbs (like the my ride 65), and then also use the seat as a booster (high back and backless)! To buy these seats separately would cost much more, and the seat has great safety ratings as well! be warned that in my local store the price on the item was $50 more than online, so I had to come back home and order online! Save a trip!Great seat
Wish I had gotten this seat to start with. My 3 year old grandson is much too active to put in a booster seat. He is 38" tall and I still have one more notch to go before shoulder straps are too short.
Very easy to put together and very snug fit in car.
No bells and whistles but it does exactly what I need it to do.Great seat for 3 year old
I bought this carseat around Christmas time last year and so I haven't had it for a year, but long enough to know that it is a great seat! I love how it fits in my car and that my son has enough room for his toys,food, or drink. I like that when he sleeps his head does not fall forward. He looks very comfortable in it. It is a little heavy, but I dont move it that much so for me not a big deal. Cant say enough great things about this seat..So glad I spent the money..would do it again!GREAT CAR SEAT!!!!
We have had the seat for about a month with our 1 year old, it installed easy, feels durable and appears comfortable enough for him judging by how much he sleeps in it. Also we picked this one due to its size, its not got the large sides that some have, meaning that it takes up less space, while still having all the safety features - as I said, great seatgreat seat
This is a great car seat and reasonably priced. The only complaint I have is that the belt is a bit difficult to release, tighten, and buckle. I just wish they had designed it with a more free flowing belt when loosening it and tightening it, as I feel like I am jerking my son around to get him in and out of the belt (especially when loosening the belt). It's a bit of a struggle. Other than this, this is a great buy and I highly recommend it!! My son is comfortable and the seat is very sturdy and I remember thinking I was worried it would not have enough cup holders/storage, but between the cup holder and the two side compartments on the inside under the arm rests (which I LOVE), it's been perfect! I'm actually just now buying a second seat for our other car -- this exact same one because I love it so much.All but the belt is easy to use and very sturdy.
I bought this seat for my new grandson, Baxten, and at first he wasn't too keen on it coming from the carrier carseat to an upright, big boy seat. Now he loves it, he can see what's going on ahead and he can see his mommy. My son called me and said he is never going to let me buy anything else, because I always buy the best and now they want a second seat for his car and they cannot afford this particular chair. Well, I am on my way today to buy another one for my son's car.... It's all about Baxten...Great Product
The seat is easy to install and it looks like she is very comfortable. She sleeps well in it.Very nice
After much research, we purchased this carseat for our 3 1/2 year old daughter and WE LOVE IT!!! If you don't want to read my whole review, just know that you should buy this carseat!!!
First of all, it was very fast and super easy to put this carseat together. It seems very high quality and all of the fabric, materials etc. are great. We love the cupholder and so does my daughter. The adjustable headrest is awesome too. This is the first carseat my daughter actually looks comfortable in from head to toe.
Also, other carseats have allowed our daughter to tighten and loosen her own straps, which we hate, but the design of this carseats hard cover over the lower strap adjustment doesn't tempt or allow her to loosen her straps like other carseats.
The versatility of this carseat is the best!!! You can adjust about everything on this carseat to customize it your child. (Look at the pictures and/or read your manual and you will learn a lot in only a few minutes).
If I had to say anything negative it would be that the "harness belts" and the "harness clip" aren't as thick and high quality as my Britax Marathon for my younger daughter, but they still seem very safe. The only thing this carseat does not have is the rear facing option...otherwise, it has it ALL!!! Once my younger daughter can turn forward facing, I might even try to sell my $300.00 Britax Marathon for this carseat instead. You will not regret purchasing this carseat for a forward facing child. The best part is that once you buy this carseat, you will never have to buy a carseat or booster again...the 3 in 1 is the BEST! If your child can legally and safely be forward facing, look no further and buy this carseat!!!BUY THIS CARSEAT
I purchased this for my grandson for his birthday. He loves it because he can sit forward and see what is going on. His parents like it because they will never have to purchase another car seat. It goes up to 100 lbs. and becomes a booster seat. He falls asleep every time he rides in the car.Comfortable Car Seat
My son is almost 18 months old, after about 15min in the truck he would get really fussy. I bought this seat aobut a week ago and he loves it. He is quiet for the whole ride home which is about 30min. It only took me about 15min to install. I would tell anybody this seat is the oneGreat Value
I've had this carseat for 2 months and love it! It's so easy to use, comfortable, and durable. My son enjoys riding in the car now. I would definitely recommend it. It takes abit of time to strap him in the seat. In order to strap him right you have to pull the string at the bottom but I find it better. You only adjust the height of the straps once and adjust the tightness of the harness when you strap them in. That gives me the security that he is in right. This seat is completely worth the money. I want to get another for our other vehicle.LOVE THIS CARSEAT!!!
I read alot of reviews and did alot of research before ordering the Graco Nautilus. It came highly recommended through a local mom's group that I'm a part of... but still wanted to do the research myself.

I've been using it for about a month now... and all I can say is WOW! We purchased it because we were ready to move our 3 1/2 year old into a new seat (his little brother was taking over his old one). When you put this seat next to the other carseats we have... (a different model Graco and an Evenflo)... there isn't even any comparison. The Graco Nautilus is so sturdy and padded... it even just LOOKS like a safer carseat. We will be purchasing another one for our youngest in the next couple months... we just can't keep him in the older carseats after seeing how safe this one is.

If I had to say anything negative... the set-up wasn't as easy as I had hoped... it's not terrible... but it definitely doesn't go together in 2 minutes. Set aside at least 15-20 to get everything up and running. And the latches (that secure the child in the carseat) are definitely a little tough to work. I know they do this so the child can't unhook himself... but I'm a pretty strong gal... and often have trouble unhooking him myself. And finally... I'm still having sticker shock over how much a good carseat costs these days... so the price is still hitting me a little hard. While I did want to mention these 3 issues... they really are nothing compared to the amazing carseat that I think the Graco Nautilus is. We would (and will) buy another one in a heartbeat!Outstanding Product
Love the car seat! Very secure and easy to installGreat Carseat
I bought this seat for my son after a lot of research ... than after 2 years of using it with him I bought another one for my daughter...I love it!a seat of luxury
I got 4 for my two kids. Make sure you have space in your car for it and they are well constructed means ( heavy )Great construction and a well investment
I wanted to keep my 41 lb 4-year-old in a five point harness longer since he outgrew his convertible carseat. Looked online for quite a while and ended up buying this due to the good reviews and price (compared to other similar products). We love it! It was easy to install and my son is very comfortable in it. Will order another one for second car.Just what we needed!
I got this car seat for my 3 and a half year old and I love it. It was easy to put together and get in the car. It barely moves in the seat. My son loves all the compartments for his toys. They do kind of sit on the understrap but that's how it is meant to be and it doesn't bother him. I think he is an average sized kid. Not small, not big. We just purchased one for my husband's car and are planning on getting two more, one for each car when my younger son turns two in April. I would recommend a younger seat that goes backwards until a child is two. This seat does not go backwards and I think it is important to keep your child backwards until 2.Great car seat for the money
This booster car seat is everything I was looking for. I have an XL 3 year old son and it was time to upgrade his carseat. He moved from a Britax Marathon to this one. The Britax was hard for him to climb in and out of and he was getting too tall for the 5 point harness. This one, he can still use the 5 point harness because its taller, he can climb in and out of easier, he likes the cup holder and it must be comfortable because he falls asleep everytime we go somewhere. I trust the Graco brand and thought it was very easy to install. I also chose this over a regular booster seat because it still uses the latch system when you are using the 5 point harness. I like the fact that it grows with the child and the back comes off for a booster when they are ready for that too.Everything I wanted...
I love that this booster has a 5-point harness up to 65lbs!! I'm ALL about keeping my children in harnesses as long as possible.Safe and durable!
This is the last car seat you will ever buy ! ITs durable and the 3 in 1 seat is great because it will grow with your child... it is abit heavy but who moves car seats ??? Love it and will recommend it to any one !Great car seat
My kids recommended this carseat for Grannie to get. They have one and it was easy to set up and easy to get the kids in and out. Site to store made it more reasonable in price and I would recommend that too.easy to use
I bought this car seat because of the great review, and I am so glad that I did. At first, we were a bit turn off because we thought it wouldnt recline that much, but I was so attracted to it because of the reviews and the way it looks, then when we installed it in the car, it recline just enough for my daughter to be relax and comfortable. She felt asleep on this car seat numerous times, so it definitely comfortable for her. She loves the cup holder since she could easily put her bottle in.

Its a great car seat! I cant think of anything negative about it. Please do not hesitate to buy this car seat...It is awesome!Love it! Love it! Love it!
I love this car seat. It was everything I expected. My 13 month old daughter loves it too. It's very comfortable for her and easy to get her in and out of. It fits wonderfully in my car. It doesn't take up too much room. My husband was able to put the seat in with ease. I also love that this seat will last her until she no longer has to be in a booster seat or anything. Also I love the color of the seat as well since it matches the interior of my car. This was one thing that I learned while researching this product. Certain stores get certain colors of this product. For example the Bravo color is only available at Walmart or gracobaby.com. I thought you could go to just any store tell them which one you wanted and they could order it if they didn't have it in stock. I sure was wrong. Anyway, this is a great seat and I recommend it to everyone.Awesome Car Seat
My children liked this car seat so much after I bought it to have for my grandchildren they bought one of there own.best car seat
Because of the quality and the low price, the protection full of babies, This is re commended.Multi-Use Car Seat, Matrix Bravo
I bought this carseat because my 2 yr old son needed an upgrade from his Graco ComfortSport. This has been the perfect match. He loves this seat, so much anytime we go somewhere he still tells everyone that he has a new seat (we've had 3 weeks now). Installation was easy, however I still had help from a licensed carseat tech (my son's godmother). I would absoultly recommend this seat to another. Also walmart website was the cheapest, even compared to instore.Awsome upgrade!!
bought two of these car seats. one for my 4 yr old and one for my 2 yr old. easy to install but slightly heavy. great quality. only problem i have is that my 2 yr old can't reach the cup holder once he's strapped in. but he will grow so it's not a big deal. i would highly recommend this car seat.worth every penny
Love our new car seat! Excited about the 65lb harness so my older kids can stay in a harness longer (much safer!). It was easy to install and I like how easy it was to adjust the straps and the head rest. My kids love the compartments to hold their cups and things. The only drawbacks have been that the straps and their covers don't seem to be as soft as the other car seats we have had, but not a big enough problem that I would return the car seat as my kids don't seem as bothered by it as I am. It is a great seat!Great Car Seat
Excellent car seat. Child can use this seat until he no longer needs one!Super Seat!
I have a 2012 maxima & this car seat fits perfect in my back seat. The other one we had was too big & took up too much room. We have 2 of these seats. One for my car & one for hubbys truck.Fits great in mid size car
I purchased this car seat for my 3rd child after doing a TON of research. This seat definitely lives up to its good reviews and ratings. I absolutely love it! Baby seems to enjoy it too. When he sleeps in the seat, his head is well supported and he looks comfy. It's easy to put together and install. I was surprised how well-built and sturdy the car seat is. I would recommend it to anyone. I can't wait to convert it and am happy to not have to buy several seats to do what this ONE can.Best car seat I've ever owned!
After my 19 month old son's rearfacing myride wore out. I started the search for a Front facing seat. I didnt want to use the myride because it had a weird recline.
After searching for a few months, Reading reviews, checking it out in the store. and testing one at babiesrus in our car and searching for the best price. We ordered it.
Its a great seat. Very sturdy, I really like the weight of the seat, and the adjustable head rest. I just wish they would have included some information about how the headrest should be postioned. I didnt notice it on the side of the headrest and read the manual 3 times trying to find something about it.
It will be the last seat we will ever need. You cant beat the price. I would definatly recommend this seat to anyone.
I do wish the cup holders would come out. Its the pits to clean!Great Carseat!
We needed a seat for our 3 year old in the grandparents vehicle. I read reviews, and even though we have a britax at home, we went with this graco. We couldn't be happier. It is extremely comfortable ( so he tells us) and he loves the cup holder. We love that he will be in a 5 point harness until he is 65 lbs and then the seat converts to last through 100 lbs. The material seems sturdy and the colors aren't offensive. We will be purchasing another seat like this when it's time to switch at home.Great seat!
Absolutely a wonderful product. It is a little tough to get into car but once it is hooked up and ready to roll its great. My son seems to enjoy being in a big boy seat. I recommend this to all my friends who have babies that are growing out of thier old ones and are the age limit to be front facing!Great product!
We transitioned our daughter to this chair when she turned 1. We had purchased it knowing it was a great chair because we had family that was using the same one. We would recommend it to any one looking for the next car seat after the infant one. Also it's easy to move between our 2 cars and the buckles are easy to work with.Awesome transitional car seat
I'm going on almost 3 years of use with my twins and these car seats are as good as the day we good them. Sturdy and strong. Easy to keep clean. Comfortable as heck. They really enjoy being in these car seats and I feel good that I can provide them with such a sturdy and safe product. The cup holder is a big asset. It's very durable. If you make this purchase you will not be disappointed.This car seat is a work horse
Our daughter outgrew her old car seat in height. We have been looking for a new seat for her that would still allow for the harness buckle. She is 3 1/2 but very tall so she is not ready for just a booster seat. This car seat fits all of her needs. She can stay in the harness buckle and still has plenty of room to grow before converting to a booster seat. As an added plus, our daughter says that this a very comfortable seat. She loves the high head rest and of course the cup holder.Comfortable car seat
We purchased this model for our now 3 year old a year and half ago. We liked it so much we have now purchased it for our 15 month old as well to have a matching set. Easy set up, good looking, safe and easy to get them in and out of. Would recommend.Great product, own another
I'm a mother of a 2yold and a 3yold I have had this carseat for over a year now, it's the best I love the fact that I do not have to change my 3yold to a booster anytime soon, it grows with her...Great Car Seat
It was installed very easy and is very safe and will be used as a booster seat when our grandson gets older. he is very comfortable in it and can hook up the belts by himself making it so much easier for all of us.Agreat and safe child seat. Easy to install.
I wish I got this seat before I transitioned from and baby car seat to a convertible one. Would have saved me some money :-) I have neck and back injuries, So, this seat is heavy for me, but once it is in it's in. If I have to move it and clean it then my husband helps :-) Money is tight for us so the cost I wish was lower. However, my main concern was my child's safety. I also found second one on an online classified site for $35! I'm glad that I have two for each car. Safety First! Try it see if it fits your car, you can always return it.Heavy Car-seat But, Great in every other aspect :)
I bought this carseat for my grandson's first birthday. It is so nice! It is well made and we love the colors. He can sit up high and see out as he rides, he loves it! It will be used for quite a while as he grows..Great product!!Riding In Style
Kids love their new seats (3 and 1/2 yr old twins) since the are starting to outgrow their Britax Roundabouts. My husband said the Nautilis seats were a piece of cake to install in his car. I love that they have the 5 pt harness and have the option to go up to a belt use or a booster seat w/out a back (eventually). Seat is nice and wide for the kids to cross their legs if they want for now and lots of room to grow into them. They love the cupholder and the small storage space under each armrest. Since they are such a hit, we'll be forgoing the Britax Fronteir and ordering two more of the Nautilis for my car!bought two seats....going to buy two more!
My father bought this for my sons 1st birthday and he loves it! as soon as he saw it he got right in it. Its comfy and all around great. Best thing about it I'll never have to buy another seat again and it gives me great peace of mind :)Wonderful
I did a ton of research before I purchased this car seat and I actually couldn't find any reviews on it due to its newness. So I went ahead and purchased it online and had it delivered to the store (which was really nice and easy). As it turned out, this has been the best of 5 carseats that I have purchased! I love it becuase it is simple, yet sturdy. Also, I love the fact that the harness holds up to 65 lbs (they typically only go to 40 lbs) and then it converts to a booster that goes to 100 lbs. I love this car seat and would recommend it to anyone and everyone!Love this carseat!!!
We bought this seat for my 33 month old. At 38 pounds and 39 inches, she was just about to outgrow her convertible seat. We tried a belt positioning booster for about 2 days, and realized it was hard for her to stay just right in the seat belt, especially when she would fall asleep - even though the booster advertised it was for 30+ pounds, it wasn't a good choice for a 2 year old. So, then I began doing some research and it was difficult to find a seat with a higher harness weight (than 40 pounds), that would be a belt positioning booster when she is ready, and that also didn't cost $300.
This seat is the answer!! It is solid, easy to use, and perfect size for now and years to come! The shoulder straps are a little more narrow than my daughter was used to, but they are still comfortable and do a great job holding her in place. I would strongly recommend this seat to anyone who has a large toddler, but is not yet ready to restrain them with the seatbelt alone.
The seat also fits perfect in our '04 chrysler town and country - it's as if it was made for it!!EXCELLENT SEAT
I had a different car seat for my first child and was very happy with it. I just bought the Graco Nautilus for my second child and love it even more! They were the same price. It is very easy to adjust and install...even the everyday loosening and tightening of the straps is easy. It is a little heavy, but if you aren't planning on taking it in and out every day, then it's not an issue. My son looks SO comfortable in it, even when he falls asleep. You will not regret this purchase!You will love it!
Aside from needing my grown children to set this seat into my car, I'm pleased with the sturdy car seat. Currently I'm using it for a two year old. Also have an 18 month old and 6 year old who will use this on visits.Impressive product
I have this carseat for my 3 year old and will be getting another one for my 1 year old.

I love that it lets you use the 5 pt harness for longer than other seats, on top of that I will never have to buy another carseat b/c its the 3 in 1.Great Seat!
I love this car seat!
We have bought 2 other car seats since my son grew out of his infant rear facing car seat and nothing compared to this. Since i have only one child I never really looked into what would grow through the stages with them till they no longer needed the car seat or a booster seat. When my son was 2 my friend bought this car seat and when i saw it and she told me its a 3 in 1 i was sold on it! I wanted a car seat that would be comfortable for my son and that wouldn't make his head fall into his chest when he would fall asleep during the ride. we would often go out of town and i needed something that would do the job. I love that the head rest moves and that the 5 point harness goes up to 65. My son loves his sippy cup holders and the little compartments that he can put his trucks and cars in so he can play. My son is now 3 yrs, 37lbs and 39 inches tall and my son loves his car seat! So do I! :)
It's totally worth the money!!!!The Best car seat
Safety is extremely important, so I went to many stores and played with many models of car seats before I decided on the Nautilus. The frame is just as sturdy as the seats costing twice as much and the features will keep it useful for a long time.Excellent for the Money
Our g.grandson is much happier in his new seat and so are we with using it. It is easy to install and remove, easy to strap him securely. He now faces forward and thinks he is a man of the world.Happy baby
We had to get a new car seat, and since my daughter was getting close to being too tall for her current seat, I wanted something that would last her for a long time.

So far we've really liked this seat. It wasn't that difficult to install, and my daughter told me that she enjoys riding in it. I really like the cup holder on this seat vs. some of the others and the little compartments under the armrests are perfect for carrying the odds and ends my daughter likes to bring.

The straps fit well, and I've not had any trouble getting my daughter in and out. I know that some reviewers have mentioned that it's hard to get their children in the seat with big winter coats on, but everything I've read says that kids are not supposed to ride in seats with a big winter coat on at all. The reasoning being that one cannot get the straps tight enough with the coat on and the child could slip out of the seat in the event of an accident.

We always just put a light jacket under the big coat and take the big coat off in the van. It's worked well for us.

Two things to note:
1) This seat is pretty heavy. It's a load to pack arounds.

2) It doesn't recline very well and my daughter's head falls forward when she falls asleep. She has a little fisher-price neck pillow to help with this.We've Enjoyed This Seat
I love my new Graco Nautilus seat I just got for my 4 year old son. He is small for his age, just 35 pounds so this seat will allow us to keep him harnessed longer than his previous seat (which only goes to 40 lbs) I just don't think he is ready for the responsibility that comes along with staying buckled in a seatbelt w/ a booster. I can not judge the durability as I've only had it a few weeks. The only reason I only rated 4 stars on meets expectations was it is a bit narrower than I expected, still plenty roomy, but wraps around the sides of his torso more than I thought it would. I only wonder if this might be too narrow for a larger child. I plan on getting another for my 2 year old (who is almost the same size as his older brother!) very soon!A great seat for the price...
My 2 year old boy loves this car seat. Suggestion to everyone. If you want to buy a car seat the first thing comes to mind is safety. Whats next. A cup holder. This car seat comes up with a cup/bottle holder that is already attached to the car seat. Dont buy a car seat where you have to manually plug the cup holder to the car seat because those will come off easily. Get the ones that are already permanently installed. Its very easy for my son to reach. He not only uses this as a cup holder but he sometimes places his ipod as well. The seat is comfortable. Easy to assemble and fits well in the car/suv. I would highly recommend this.Perfect Car Seat
Its such a durable easy to clean car seat. The overall look and quality of the seat is well worth the excellent price. I have recommended this seat to my fellow mommy friends and they too have not only bought this product but love it as well. The decision is simple... BUY IT!!Excellent Car Seat!!
Baby was happy to be buckled up in this car seat.Happy Baby
we bought this car seat when my son turned 1. he is 17 months now and we love it. he is comfortable and reclined just enough to never have his head fall forward when he sleeps. the sides of the car seat also keep him from slumping forward, and the cushion keeps him cozy. it was easy to install, except for it is quite heavy to maneuver by yourself. I'm sure its weight helps it to be safe.
the cup holder is really nice because i don't have to hand him his drink any longer. i only wish we could afford another for my husbands car!love it
Well, worth the money. It is very comfortable and easy. You won't have to worry about purchasing a car seat every time your child meets the age or weight limit. Will last for a long time.Great
I have 3 of these seats now (two for my 3 year old twins and one for my 1 year old). I love this car seat! It is amazing! Arrived on time and was perfect! Just what I ordered!Excellant!
I did a lot of research about these before buying it for my small 4 yr old (38 in./33 lbs) and this one got the best reviews by far.....I was relieved when I got it.....very easy to put together and very easy to adjust the straps to fit your child...my evenflo triumph you actually have to unscrew the back to adjust the strap but the graco is great....very sturdy, good padding, and my daughter loves the cup and snack holders (there is a little area on the inside side part for snacks or toys).Great Seat
I have not had this car seat long but had a friend who has the same one and loves it so I purchased it. My daughters car seat had expired and she is still does not weigh enough (3.5 yrs old) to sit in a booster so this seat should be perfect and last her til she is 8 and out of one. I will probably buy this one for my 9 month old when he can face forward. that is the only con to this seat, it would cover ALL basis if it was able to face rear.excellent car seat
This is the third one of these seats we have purchased for our two almost 2 year old granddaughters and we plan to purchase one more. Both of the parents needed car seats for ease in doing the drop off and pick up from day care and since we have the girls sometimes or help with the pick-up we are going to get one for our car. The only thing we don't like is that it is somewhat difficult to get fastened into the car. however, they keep the girls safe so that is what is important. We are getting one of our own so we don't have to do it each time. This car seat replaces the rear-facing Cosco. We didn't know at the time that they could have just had this one to begin with. Maybe with the next one!Great price - Great service
We love this carseat. It was easy to install, we love the cupholder and armrests. Would recommend to a friend.Love this product
Well made, easy to install, securely fit, great design allows for more comfort, a bit heavy. I bought these for my twin sons and one of them is OBSESSED with his car seat. He loves it so much he talks about it non-stop!My sons LOVE them!
This was the best 3 in 1 Carseat I have ever brought I loved it and so did my daugther its perfect if you wanted a carseat that holds your child in place and they are comfortable than you are buying the right carseat it a great carseat and its for a good price.Best Ever
The car seat required some knowledge of how and why to install, but installation was doable. Safety features are built into the product but installation must follow guidelines for optimal effect. Product was attractive and finished. Padding is washable.Car seat met the standards with useful options
LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS SEAT!
my son just loves this seat i call it his race car seat!
its very economical as well, as it converts from a toddler seat and grows with the child as the back raises to accomodate height growth to a booster seat for those under 100#s - totally worth the money!
5-10 min setup tops, everything just snaps in place! my son loved to watch tv sitting in th eday we opened it up and love it!
the one thing that really sold me before i bought this was not only the 3 in 1 versatility of the seat but a review i read stating that a lady and her daughter were in a terrible accident where the paramedics had to pull them from the vehicle and she saidteh rescuers told her this very seat saved her daughters life - i was sold immediatley. LORD forbid anything should ever happen, its always best to be prepared :)pays off in the long run! 3 in 1!!
I bought this car seat for a Christmas gift. I have not used it but my son wanted this specific seat. I am sure he researched different brands and has recommendation from friends with toddlers. I do have experience with ordering products from walmart and have great results with items arriving quickly to my home in perfect shape.Great producti
I love it because my son feels comfortable. Without words.I'm super happy with my new car seat. Great, fantastic !!!!!!The Best Car Seat !!!!!!!!
This car seat is great. My son loves his cup holder and the cubby areas under each arm; he likes to hide his toys there. Its real easy to put together, and I love that the bottom detaches and becomes a booster. Fabric is great. Straps are real easy to adjust, and my son is comfortable sitting in it. My son loves his new car seat.Great Car Seat!
Very easy to install and use. We like the safety features and versatility. Our son loves the cup holder.Works for us!
Very easy to install and use, plus looks really nice. It's the last car seat I will need to buy for my son so I think it is worth every penny.Very satisfied
Seat must be very comfortable because my daughter can't stay awake in the car since I installed it.Good value
This is an awesome car seat and booster. Very comfortable for kids. They dont act cranky when they are in this car seat. Would recommend to all.Awesome car seat and booster. Kids will love it.
Let me start by saying that we LOVE this car seat! My 3-yr-old son outgrew his Britax convertible car seat and transitioned into this one seamlessly! It was exceptionally easy to install and we have enjoyed it from day 1.

There is but one thing that really kind of stinks about the mesh fabric though (on the Bravo model). It stains VERY easily. I rarely let my kids eat in the car, however, they do have drinks from time to time. Even the smallest drop of water will leave a mark! And forget about trying to get these water stains out! No matter how hard you try, it inevitably makes the spot 100x worse... Functionally, the seat is top notch. Aesthetically, however, it looks lousy! I am desperately looking for a way to make it look more presentable...SUPER car seat, except for one thing...
When I was researching car seats I was looking for the best but at the same time thinking "I doubt we will ever be in an accident". I had never been in an accident consider myself a good driver. I know this sounds naive but maybe it was more wishful thinking than anything else. I felt good about purchasing this car seat after reading all of these positive reviews and seeing it rated as one of the best on parenting sites.
One day while I was turning onto a road, a truck on the opposite side of traffic could not break bc his brakes failed. Instead of hitting cars in front of him he crossed over the medium and hit us head-on. My 17 month old was in the car and needless to say boy am I happy this was the car seat I chose. He came out of the accident with just a scratch on his chin from the buckle, other than that he was fine and so was the car seat.
Of course first and foremost I thank God that my child was safe but I also thank Graco because this car seat did its job. I was hesitant to begin with putting him in a forward-facing seat but I am so grateful that he was safe.We were in an accident
The perfect car seat for my sons first front facing seat!!! He loves it and its great for compact cars!! Very durable and excellent for the price!!Love this car seat!!!
I bought this seat for my oldest because he outgrew his old car seat. I like the 5 point harness it keeps him snug in the seat, plus heavy enough to where it doesn't move on his regular seat either. I liked it so much we bought another when my youngest out grew his seat also. My only little complaint about is I do wish they had another slot to move down the crouch strap but my son hasn't Complained about it so far. I feel both my sons are very safe and secure in these seats.very safe sest.
The best carseat ever. It's very durable, sleek, not cheap looking and great price. Everywhere else sells them for $179.99 so your getting a great deal hereGreat for Carseat
great value, very comfortable and easy to setup. note that this is front-facing only so wait till child is at least 12 mo. *and* 20 lbs. before switching to it (or whatever the current recommendations are). setting up is easy. it is a bit bulkier than some of the other models which means less room for passenger(s) in the back but the seat should fit most cars (including smaller sedans). we're very happy with the purchase and so is our little one ;)great car seat
Bought for use with grandkids. Was easy to install. I like the latch attachments. It is more secure than using the vehicle seatbelt. I purchased two. One seat struggles to unfasten when the button is pushed. I may contact the company if the problem remains.easy to use
I have two of them... very safety, comfortable for kids, useful for many kids' stuff, great ... Using one of this products for more than 5 years, still in excellent condition...Excellent
I recently purchased this carseat for my almost three year old. It is just as good if not better than the safety first air seats and this one goes to booster up to 100lbs! Ive read some reviews about it being hard to put together and not knowing how to adjust straps I did it in under 10 minutes. The only hard part was the buckle on bottom between legs and it just takes some strength. Im happy the buckle is hard to unsnap somewhat becauze she has learned to undo them while going down road and she cant with this one. Ill be buying another for my son when he turns 1!Great for the money!
Hubby and I just bought & installed these carseats for our one-year-old daughters. I did a lot of research before choosing this one. We're very impressed with the velvet-y lining in the seat, crotch, and shoulder straps. No more worrying about pitching their skin when buckling them in! There's a cup holder on the right-hand side, as well as a small storage space on the inside of each armrest (for small books, crayons, snacks, etc.). The girls seemed to find it comfortable and were excited to finally be facing forward & see Mommy & Daddy. They currently weigh just over the minimum 20 lb and there's lots of room to grow!Comfy & safe carseat for our 1 yr old twins
Very easy to handle and install. My little girl loves it. She falls a sleep in 15 min of being in the car. It doesn't recline as much as I expected. But she's still comfortable. She's enjoying facing frontward.great for a 14 month
I've always trusted Graco so I knew this was a good buy.Tyler loves his new car seat !
I knew we wanted a Graco toddler seat, as we LOVED our Graco infant seat. When i saw the Nautilus was soon to be released we waited so I could check it out. We drove 50 mins to a Wal-Mart that had one in stock just so I could look at it, and it was SO worth it! WE LOVE IT. It has better padding than his infant carrier seat, a nice big cup holder, and even little "compartments" in the arms that he can stash toys in. The pads have stayed cool, even in my HOT car, and the chest buckle is easy enough to pinch open without too much effort. (That is saying alot.. try some of the ones in your local stores!) I love that it grows with him, and was easy to adjust in height. Installation was much easier than i had feared, it took maybe 10 minutes by myself to install and it gets VERY snug into your seat. We have a Honda Pilot, and the fit is perfect. (and colors match great, too) Now the negative. The great cubbie-harboring arm rests seem to snap loose! I have popped them in several times, and if I bump them "outwards" (like w/ my elbow) they occasionally pop right back out. Not that they fall off, they are attached (can not be totally removed even if you wanted too), but they hang floppy at the side until you pop it back in. Not the end of the world by any means, but kinda annoying if you need to get going. Other than that, I really love this car seat, and would TOTALLY recommend it to another Mom.Great seat, great price!
easy to assemble, very comfortable for daughter, easy to install. love that harness can be used up to 65pounds. cupholder and compartments for daughter are great!great carseat
I love this carseat! I've been looking around for months to buy a new carseat and this one had great reviews everywhere and it was the cheapest at Walmart.com. It's easy to assemble and easy to put in the car. My son is 3 and LOVES his new seat and as long we don't get into accidents and he keeps it clean he'll be using it for it's whole "life span". It is a little hard to get the bottom two prongs to snap into the clip but it's definitely something I can overlook. I'll be buying this seat when my youngest turns 3 also!Love!
This car seat is a nice option for the price and features. I have spent hours scouring stores and the internet for a good option for my almost 3 year old, since her little brother is ready to get out of his infant carrier and take over her rear facing convertible seat.

Things I think make this seat great:

- not too bulky, yet has nice protection- especially around the head and shoulders

- Harness booster, belted booster, and backless booster modes make it versitle and should last for several years- TIRED of buying a million expensive car seats

- Seems very sturdy and comfortable ( my daughter says she is very comfy and enjoys riding in it)

-It doesn't seem or feel cheap- nice fabric, buckle works well, the straps don't constantly get tangled, nice amount of padding on the rear and back areas, the built in cup holder is also nice

-easy to adjust straps and head rest

-Easy recline feature

-WAY more affordable than other brands and seats, without sacraficing the features and comfort

We are very happy with this seat overall. I do wish this seat could be rear-facing, so we would not have to buy a seat in between this and the infant carrier. I do not blame the seat or Graco for that, I think there is a need for more seats that can be rear and forward harness/booster seats from all brands/companies. There isn't much out there and what there is seems VERY bulky, although I am sure safe. Since we already had convertible seats, these work great for us. Definately would recommendGraco Nautilus 3 in 1 seat
We had bought this car seat for our oldest son. When the time came that our younger son outgrew his baby car seat, I looked around and found this bundle deal. Buying the bundle saved us $80 versus buying the seats separately from another store. Shipping was also lightning fast. Highly recommend.Great Car Seat
I love it
Easy to snap togetherLove it
We got this for our very small 3 year old (22 lbs) when her little brother grew out of his infant seat and needed the convertible seat. The Nautilus is great in that it's the only other car seat she'll need. She uses it with the harness now until she's big enough to use it as a booster and I've heard from friends that the hi-back boosters are more comfortable. The only annoying thing is that while you use the harness, you have to take it out of the car to change the position of the seatbelt. We took it to a fire station to have it installed, but it was so simple (using LATCH), I feel confident we can do it on our own. We've only had it for a few weeks, but so far so good!Great Carseat
We bought this to transport our grandsons to preschool. It grows with your child so you don't have to make another purchase. It is not expensive.Graco Nautilus carseat
I really like this car seat for my toddler! It fits great in my car (mid-size sedan) and wasn't too hard to install. My only vice is that it is not as easy to click the harness across the lap, however, it is not a deal breaker and my toddler seems to be very comfortable and secure while she is in the seat.
Overall, the seat is great. Really glad we went this this one!Great Car Seat!!
Most sturdy carseat that doesn't move around I've come across. Very comfy and fits good in the shorter middle seat in the backseat of the truck but is still roomy for my childPerfect carseat
Very good product.Very Good
I purchased two of these seats. One for my three year old and one for my two year old. I wanted seats that I knew would grow with them and not necessitate me purchasing new seats in the future . The boys have gone on a few road trips already and are very comfortable. They especially like that they have cup holders!Two comfy babies
I was kinda nervous about buying a new car seat. I have been eyeing them for months and was finally forced into buying one when I got into a car accident. I found this one and I actually like it. My son looks more comfortable than he did in his other car seat, and it looks like he has PLENTY of room to grow. Best part, when I asked my son if he liked it he said yes and that he was comfortable. Comfort was never mentioned with the old seat.Awesome
I bought this seat since for my 25 lb 2 year old. She seems comfortable in it, and it fits in my car nicely. I bought it based on consumer reports ratings and the price. I also liked that it can last from 20 lbs for 100 lbs.Nice price for a good seat
my sister and i purchased this carseat for our little ones. we got into a wreck with both of our little ones in the back seat. our little ones were completely fine, a little shaken but perfectly fine. we got them inspected and the guy said they don't show any signs of being in a wreck. we were going 60 when we lost control and hit another car twice. i love this carseat!!! Excellent choice!!crash tested litteraly
It has steal bars in the back, lots of ways to adjust, plenty of wiggle room, cupholder and stash cubbies are great. This was the seat I orginally wanted, but decided to by rear facing convertable... so when we needed a 2nd seat for my husbands car, this was the first seat I thought of. Really great, you won't regret your purchase.Love it!
Bought these for my twins, so you already know that just buying one can be costly. Love the fact that is transitions with your child as they grow. Real plus so I know it's a one time cost.
My twins are comfortable in it and that's also a big deal. The straps are easy to maneuver only thing is they tend to twist around. So just always be on top of it.It's great! price and all!
My only comment is that it is a little heavy, so if you have to transfer car seat into different vehicles, it does get a little heavy, which is why I'm thinking of getting another one!Great versatle car seat
baby girl, fits right in this bad boy. I am divorced, so when my daughter is wth me, she pops right in and out. manly user friendlyjoesophia
We purchased this as a second car seat. It isn't the easiest to install, but it fits really well in the car once it's in correctly and leaves more room in the backseat than the first (more expensive) one we purchased. It's very easy to get our big (32-pound, 3-foot-tall) two year old in and out of the seat. I definitely recommend it.Nice seat - fits well in car
This is very easy to put together and easy to use. Very safe for your child. My 2 year old daughter loves it.Very easy to use!
Easy to assemble and secure in my car. Both my 3 year old and 1 year old have one. Great car seat for an affordable price.Easy to assemble
Great value. Very sturdy.Graco car seat
We needed to buy a booster car seat for the long hall for our 3 year old son. He had a convertable car seat but has since outgrown it. We are passing it down to his 1 year old sister. I have the Britax Marathon for our 4 1/4 year old son and was going to buy the same one until I found this Graco car seat. It's less than half the price and just as nice. It has a 5 point harness and cup holder. It also changes to the seat belt configuration as well as a booster only. It will last for our son until he doesn't need a car seat anymore. Very pleased with the overall construction and material of this car seat.Awesome car seat
The car seat was easy to put together and install. Seems very sturdy and durable. Have not used it yet since mine is still little, but it seems like it will do great and feels comfortable to the touch. My 8 yr old wants one too now because it looks cool and was comfortable for her to sit in with just the seat part.Great Car Seat
Perfect carseat to transition from an infant carrier. My son loves his new car seat!Right Fit!
We have two of these car seats for our boys and love them! I feel like they are safe and secure every time that we travel in the car. The padding looks to be very comfortable and durable. I know my boys appreciate the cup holders and cubby holes in the arm rests. We used Britax Roundabouts before graduating to this seat. The LATCH connectors are a bit easier on the Britax, but after some practice these are easy, too. Overall, a great seat that should last us until our boys can use a regular seat belt alone.Excellent Car Seat
Very easy to use and very easy to put in the car! I'm 55 and I use it for my grandchildren! It's awesome. I recommend this product!awesome car seat
My three year old loves it! The fact that it grows with your child makes it a wonderful purchase!Best car seat that I've had!
this car seat is very nice but its a little bit heavycar seat
I bought this online for my 1 year old son. For some reason it is 130 online and 180 in the stores and at Target. I really love this carseat. I have two Radian carseats and really like those too, but this one is very versatile and a great value. My one year old fits in it really well and seems comfortable.Great Value
We love our graco 3 in 1 car seat I purchased it for my 1 year old and he loves that he can now see us and everything around him and it's super comfy he also loves that he can put his sippy cup in the cup holder I recommend it to all we won't need to purchase any other car seat since it grows with him and the price was perfectLOVE IT!!
Awesome seatGreat seat
My son loves the extra padding compared to his old seat. It's easy for him to buckle. I love that he can be harnessed up to 65lbs!Great seat!
This is my second Graco Nautilus, I purchased my first one 2 years ago. There are small differences between the two that I wish had happened with my first one. One simple one is that it comes with the seat belt already looped through the seat and ready to go, the second is the new buckle, which is forty thousand times easier to do and undo than the first one. Great seat, good quality, comfortable and easy to install. We have the LATCH system which is nice but without it is easy to use as well. The only thing I would ding for is actually Walmart. I had this shipped to me and when it arrived it looked like it had been through a war with one side of the box completely torn open which is a little disconcerting as it is supposed to be a safety seat. Other than that, we are very pleased.Updated Graco Nautilus, 2 thumbs up
You don't need any more reviews about this product. It is just simply great.Great Car seat
I love this seat and so does my 2 1/2 year old son. I feel like he is safe and comfortable. It would be nice if the seat reclined back more, but overall great carseat.Great Carseat
Love the versatility of this car seat. 3 options in one! I have to say that it was a pain to put it together but again I schimmed the topic the directions.Great carseat
Researched these car seats extensively, but when we went out to purchase couldn't find a local store with any stock. We were told that since this is a new car seat (just released by Graco this spring) that many stores just got one or two delivered. We are not regular WalMart shoppers, but found the online purchase a success. Purchased 2 car seats and they were delivered to our local store for pickup in about 10 days. Both children (ages 2 and 4) love their new "big kid" car seats. We appreciate that we have safe, comfortable seats that allow for a 5pt harness up to 65lbs. The seats are heavy (won't be fun for air travel) but they fit well, installed easily, in our car. The seats were very easy to put together and the straps and buckles work smoothly. So far, these seats are everything we expected. Price consistent at Walmart and other stores (again new product so no real "deals"), but we think the price is more than fair for the seat quality and the options to use in varying capacities for a number of years.Happy to get it...
Love this product!!! I needed to move my 1 yr old to a bigger rear facing carseat and didn't want to spend the money on another rearfacing convertable like the one my 3 yr old was in. So i bought this seat for the 3 yr old and moved the other one down. Great seat for the price. I only wish the armrests would flip up, but then he wouldn't have the storage spaces. The cup holder is great. The seat fits great in my back seat with the other carseat and doesn't take up much room. Easy in and out.love it
The best car seat I have ever purchased. Will be purchasing another one for my daughter. Well worth the money, my son loves it.son loves it!
it is a great car seat. Just wish it would tip back further when she falls a sleep sometimes her head tip forward. She get so comfortable in it. Great seat.great product
We have this as a secondary seat for our 5 year old (47 lbs). Our 36 lb. 2 1/2 also fits nicely in it. It's nice to see lower cost options for 5 pt harnesses. It is a fantastic seat for children who are past rear facing age. If you are looking to purchase this seat for a child who is under 2 and 30 lbs, keep looking. A child that young and small should continue to rear face until at least 2 yo. However, this seat is wonderful once they are old enough and heavy enough to forward face.Keep younger kiddos rear facing!
My 3 year old just started using this car seat and LOVES it. Prior to this, she was in the Maxi Cosi Convertable, also an amazing car seat but that got handed down to her baby brother :-) I wanted a car seat that reclined, had lots of padding, had a sturdy cup holder and overall felt sturdy and well built. Some car seats feel like plastic from a Honda Civic interior and I wanted Acura MDX interior quality. This car seat fits the bill! It's also versatile enough that it will last till she is out of a car seat and booster.Cozy Comfy VERY sturdy and versatile
I purchased this seat in the Galaxy print to keep my small 5 year old son harnessed after he finally outgrew his older Evenflo Triumph. This seat is by far the easiest to install out of all the seats I have owned for my 4 kids. It took me a whole 30 seconds to get a tight install in my Suburban in the 3rd row no less! Now I'm trying to talk my husband into getting another for my 4 year old son as the Triumph will expire in a year.
I only wish this seat was out when my oldest was younger. He has such a long torso that he didn't fit any seat on the market that we could afford so he ended up in a high back booster at age 3. :( The high harness slots and weight would have kept him harnessed to an appropriate booster age around 5-6 depending on the child's size and maturity level.Great seat!
I bought this for my 3 year old 6 months ago so I could move his sister to his convertable seat. I wanted a seat with a 65 lb harness (staying in a harness as long as possible is the safest) that would convert to a booster. This was the best "bang for my buck" that I found after hours of online research. My son loves his "big boy" seat and I could not be happier with it!! It is easy to install, take out, adjust and, best of all, clean!! I also trust it he is safe since its made by Graco. Out of the 5 carseats I have dealt with, this is by far my favorite!!5 Stars!
Quick ship of item was a surprise. It arrived within 5 days, sooner than promised. Grandson loves his "big boy" car seat. Wish I had bought it sooner. He outgrew his second carseat and he could have gone straight to this one after his baby carrier.Wish I had bought this a year ago.
I purchased two Nautilis seats site unseen. I was worried they may be too big for my truck, I have 3 car seats across one row, I was switching my 2 oldests (3 1/2 and 4 1/2) into the new Gracos (with the full back and head rest)
LOVE THEM!! They actually take up less room than my Marathons did, they were easy to assemble and install... even the one I can't use the latch for, comfy, the kids love the cup holders, nice looking, sturdy, easy to get the kids into, but not too easy that they'll let themselves out. I can't wait until my youngest is big enough so I can buy another. They are foward facing ONLY seats. FANTASTIC purchase and not very expensive. I'm willing to spend a fortune on car seats... and have... so this was a nice switch and I didn't skimp on quality or safety.Perfect!!!
We LOVE this car seat so much we bought one for each car. It will be the 2nd and last car seat we purchase. Our first was the travel system infant car seat with the stroller and we have used this one ever since our son was too big for his infant seat. The cup holder has served as a great place to keep fruit loops and our son buckles in great. It is quick to install and uninstall from any car and we recently took it on vacation and used the rolling travel bag we bought on walmart.com. We LOVE this productThe best car seat around!
This has everything the very expensive ones have and fits my budget, but my children's safety is number 1. I feel incredibly safe my boys are in this car seat. It's tight fitting, doesn't move, and my boys say it's very comfy. Definitely Didn't need to spend 300 dollars to get the safety and standard this one meets. So far so good...very happy with the purchase.Great purchase
We have had this same carseat for my daughter for the past 2 years. Well made, safe, comfortable, can take lining off to wash. Only can use front facing so child has to be old enough to use front facing car seatnice carseat
Out of the box this seat is very easy to setup. It takes about 3 steps and your done. Installing in the car is a snap with the attached child anchor strap. The seat itself seems very comfortable for our son. he thinks he's first class king of the car with his own cupholder. Strpping him in is failry simple. I only wish the straps were longer, especially for winter coats. This seat received a high rating for crash test which is why we purchased it. Overall a great car seat.Easy to setup and very nice
I love this seat. I wish it would have been around when my two were smaller. We moved them out of Britax at four due to height...they were getting too tall. I didn't want to give up the harness yet. All the options make the seat fit perfectly...you can add the extra pad or not, adjust the height and recline. The kids are comfortable...love the cup holder and can stay in this seat forever as it changes to all the different boosters. WE LOVE IT!great seat!
I have 3 year old twins and I just love this seat. I love it so much that I bought 2 more for my husbands truck. It's affordable, attractive, easy to use, and best of all it's comfortable for the kids. You can't go wrong with this seat. And bonus! It harnesses to 65 lbs! I am a big fan of extended harnessing, it's so much safer. LOVE IT!Love it!
We bought this after reading countless reviews and are quite happy with the purchase. The seat is large, so I wouldn't recommend it for a little car, but it is comfy and sturdy for my daughter and she likes the cup holder a lot. She is already 38 lbs. and 40 inches at 3 1/2, so we wanted it for the 65 lb. limit harness. The only thing I'm slightly disappointed with is the difficulty of getting her out of it in our SUV - it is hard to pick her up and lift her over the cupholder arm. The design would have been better if you could move the arm so she could slide out.Good Value - Comfortable Seat
I bought this for my grand daughter 3 weeks ago and she loves it. Her parents love it also and were very happy at the choice I made. They said it was easy enough to set up and thought I had gotten my moneys worth in buying it. We all would totally recommend this car seat.Very good choice
We were looking for a well built seat that would fit in our compact size Mazda5. Worked perfectly and will not have to buy another type for each stage of their childhood!Great seat, versatile, compact!
We love these seats. They are sturdy and my kids are very comfortable in them. We bought 3. They line up side by side in our Ford Expedition. Our kids are 7 (44 lbs) ,6 (48 lbs), and 5 (40 lbs). We were so tired of fighting the seatbelts with the booster seats. Now, we all just jump in and go. The kids can buckle themselves in. We also feel like they are more safe in a 5 point harness. Those booster seats slide all over. Britax seats were over $200. So these are a Great Buy!Great Product
Great product!!Car seat
Everything about it is a plus. My one year old loves it. He sleeps comfortably in it. He looks so small it because its a good size car seat but we will have it for many years so he will definitely grow into it. Its very heavy I'm petite and I struggle carrying it with both hands, other than that I love everything about it.Great car seat
we bought this seat for my 19 mth old son,he is 35 in. & 28lbs ,He fits in the seat well & has room to grow.We really like this carseat alot!!!!!! It is worth the money.the seat is working well
My previous car seats were Britax - Roundabout & Decathalon. When I went to investigate a car seat that would accomodate my 2 1/2 yr old as well as my 4 yrs old girls, I was sold on the Graco Nautilus. I purchased two of them; they were easy to assemble and install in our 04 Honda Odyssey and best of all they didn't break the bank. I did some price comparisons and found the seat at Target for $180, it went on sale and was about $20 less for a short period of time. I checked eBay and they were around $160 to $180 with shipping. I found my best price at Walmart for $144.96 and (since I'm cheap - and always love a reason to go to Walmart) I decided to do "site to store" shipping for free. This way if they didn't work or I didn't like them, I had a physical (shipping free) place to return them. Both my kids LOVE their new seats. I have noticed my 2 yr olds head sometimes slumps down when she falls asleep in her seat (in the 5 point harness position). Most of the time when this happens, I just reposition her head when I am stopped at a traffic light. My 4 yr old LOVES LOVES LOVES her seat. She realized immediately that she could now lean forward while belted in (in the hi-back booster position). I would highly recommend these seats to anyone in the market for a seat that will "go the distance."Great Product
I got this seat because my large 2 year old outgrew his Graco Comfort Sport, but is not yet ready to be in a booster. It is hard to find a car seat with a weight limit over 40 lbs and this was the most economic. I did a lot of research and in addition to this being the best price for what you get, it also got excellent ratings. We received it just a couple of days after ordering it and I was very pleased when I opened it. It is very sturdy, easy to put together, and my 2 year old LOVES it!! We liked it so much, that I ordered another one for my 3 year old, who is almost too big for his Comfort Sport as well (yes, he's smaller than his 2 year old brother!). My favorite thing about this seat is the height adjustment on it and how well made it is. I would definitely recommend this seat.Great Car Seat!!
I previously had a britax roundabout that I moved my son into right before his first birthday. He was a big boy always in the 90 percentile for height and weight. I started noticing about 5 months later his head was starting to peek over the top of the seat. We started looking for a new seat and we decided on this one. I have to say I am overly pleased with it. I love the fact that the booster goes to 100lbs which means I will never need to buy him another seat. It's durable as I've had to wash the cover a few times. The straps are super easy to adjust and the latch system is great. My son loves the cup holder and the arms are hollow like little cubbys so he stashes his toys in them. This has been by far one of the best purchases I've made. Especially for the price.Doesnt get any better
Purchased two of these - one for my car and my husband's. VERY easy to put together out of the box and simple to install. We used the LATCH system and it fit perfect in both our cars. Our son loves his new view and looks like he's riding in style. Doesn't seem to recline very much, but I think that's because they're latched securely in the seat. The one negative was that we tried to buy in store because they were in stock and they were $25 more in store than they were on the site. Luckily they had 97 cent shipping and they arrived SUPER fast! I was considering site to store because it was free, but it quicker to ship to our home. Glad I did because I ordered on a Tuesday night and they arrived Friday.Great car seat!
I bought this car seat for my 9mth old son and he loves it. Easy in and out and overall comfortable.Great car seat!
My baby is 13 month old baby . We have just bought that car seat. My son loves it. It is very convenient.Excellent product
My son and I really like this carseat. He is 19 months, and about 24 pounds. There is room on each side of him, his other seat was snug and he hated it. He loves the little cup holder and arm rests. Almost every time he gets in it he falls asleep. It is a little heavy and bulky, but so are Britax car seats. So all in all, I am very satisfied with this seat and would recommend it to everyone!!Awesome!
I just purchased this car seat for my 3 year old son, who is very tall, and this seat fits him perfectly. He is 40 inches tall and, when sitting in this seat, still has two more harness slots above his shoulders. All of the other car seats that said they went to age 5 or longer were still too short for my long-waisted son. This seat allows him to stay in a harness longer instead of having to go to a booster seat and at a very reasonable price. I have to say that the cup holder is as good as the one in my SUV! Worth every penny I paid!LOVE this car seat!
I did a lot of research on this carseat before purchasing it so I pretty much knew I would love it! I started putting my son in it when he was 12 months old and he fits perfectly in it. I love the fact that he will be able to use it well into elementary school!!! Great buy! :)Love this carseat!!
I am very safety conscious and did a lot of research before purchasing this seat. I, like many others, could not afford the more expensive carseats on the market and didn't see the purpose if it would only last a year or so. My boys are really big for their age and last year I needed a seat for my then 35lb 2 year old. This was one of the only seats that would allow for his size and height and I love the fact that it can eventually be used as a booster! It is very practical and my son loves it. We loved this seat so much we just recently bought another one for our middle son! I feel better knowing they will both be harnessed longer than 40lbs or whatever the limit is for other seats! BUY BUY BUY with confidence.Great Value!!!
Good fit and space. Not the best quality but good enough for your second one.Great car seat
We are very pleased with this car seat.Great
This car seat is the best car seat we have found that doesnt cost a ton of money. It will last a long time! We love the fact that you can keep your child in 5 point harness up to 65 lbs. Only thing is that it is so heavy but we dont plan on switching it in and out of cars so its perfect. Very easy to install and our son loves putting his water cups in the cup holder =)Great car seat, son loves it.
This is a great seat. I bought it for my son, who's 3 and about 30 pounds. It should last until he no longer needs any sort of car seat. My son finds it very comfy as well.Great car seat!
We love this seat! We were looking for a seat that could grow with our 4 year old daugher. I was at a baby's r us and they were having a seat check program outside to make sure car seats were installed right. One of the officers checking the seats said we should really think about trying to keep our kids in a 5 point harness as long as possible. There are only two seats on the market right now that we could find that could handle kids up to at least 65 pounds and stay in the 5 point harness. This Graco Natilus and a Britax seat. I went to look at the Britax and it is very large and didn't seem to be designed with features like this Graco. This Graco seat is great, it has storage on the inside of the arm rest next to the kids legs to keep snacks or sunglasses etc. There is a great cup holder built in the right hand side. The best part is our little girl can grow and stay in a harness until she is probably 8 years old at least (she is only 31 pounds right now, a little on the small side). Safety first! Keep your kids in the harness as long as possible. Seat isn't much larger than the Graco comfort sport we have been using (which our 8 month old now gets) There is a reason that car racers use 5 point harnesses, there the safest seatbelts we can put our kids in.Graco Natilus
would buy again, very safe and easy to useGreat car seat
We love this seat! We bought it when our son was 9 1/2 months old and about 22 lbs. His feet were starting to get bunched up in the rear facing carseat, so it was time to turn him around. I had actually gone to get the Cosco Alpha Omega Elite but when we got there, my husband saw this one and liked it better. When we started comparing features and comfort, this one outweighed the other by far! We sat our son in it on the shelf at the store and this one looked MUCH more comfortable. We don't have any problems with his head falling forward when he's sleeping either. He just looks so snug and comfortable in this one. The cup holdersare a great help as well!! Great, Awesome product.Love this carseat!
We just got this carseat for X-mas this year for our 2 year old son. I couldn't be happier with our decision! It was VERY easy to assemble as well as install. It is heavy, but that's not a problem since we won't be transferring it from different vehicles.

The only reason I gave it 4 instead of 5 stars on durability is that we just bought it. I would highly recommend getting this if you're contemplating it though! My little boy was so whipped after our long day today that he fell asleep on the way home. You can see from the picture that his head didn't fall forward at all and the side cushions on the head rest act as a pillow.2 words: LOVE IT!!!!
This product is GREAT!!! It's a 3-in-1 carseat. You can use it as 5-point harness until he's 65lbs and then convert it into a booster seat and backless booster. This is the best 5-point harness carseat for the price. Right now you can only find it at Walmart Stores or Walmart.com. My son is 2 years 9 months and he loves it. There's plenty of room left for him to grow into. I will keep my son in this car seat until he outgrows it. Please keep your child in a 5-point harness as long as you can. With a 5-point harness carseat this great of a deal, there's no reason why you can't keep you child in a 5-point harness longer.Best 3-in-1 Carseat
I absolutely love this car seat. I looks nice and it is very functional. It was a little frustrating putting it together but once that was done I was able to really look at it. I love that the harness is guided by rollers in the back. The problem with our last car seat was the harness. It was too hard to tighten and let out and there is no problem with this one. I bought the Eddie Bauer High Back Booster seat, the one that converts to a backless booster like this one, but the back does not recline like this one so did not fit my car which is a dodge durango. This one fits perfect. I love it.I love this car seat!
Pros: Excellent car seat with harness for toddlers who are younger than 4 years old, but maxing out the 40lbs/40" specs from a convertible seat. Assembly wasn't too tough. We were able to use Latch belt for initial auto installation (whew!). Great price, even if it was a booster-only seat!!
Cons: Arm rests can be dislodged from base with some not-too-extreme force. Positioning of lower buckle for use with harness can be a tight fit for a tall toddler. One more "larger" position would have been optimal.Graco - Nautilus
I love this child safety seat. It is very nice and seems to be comfortable. This seat was purchased for my Grandson actually we purchased 3 of these so we wouldn't have to move it. It's easy to install as well as easy to use. The added cup holder is a plus for snacks and drinks.USER FRIENDLY
I had this car seat for my 3 1/2 year old son. He loved it! It was involved in a car accident so I had to replace it :(. Anyways I love almost everything about this seat. That being said, I am going to share my problems with this seat. Since the NHTSA and AAP suggest rear facing until a minimum of 2 years old seeing as how it is 532% safer, this seat is NOT a good seat for a child under 2. The wording is also very confusing and many people think that this seat rear faces. It does NOT rear face! There is also quite the head slump issue in this seat when the kiddos sleep. It is not a safety concern once the child has head control though. I had some issues spot cleaning this seat. It doesn't have very forgiving fabric. I has an easy install, cute designs, feels very sturdy. It is a great option if your prince or princess is 2 or over!NOT FOR CHILDREN UNDER 2! FORWARD FACING ONLY!
I was looking everywhere for a reasonably priced carseat that would harness over 40lbs. I finally found this one, and love it!! I really like the material and the cupholder. My son tells me its very softies! which means its comfortable! It also reclines a little so he can take a nice nap on long trips!! Overall I'd recommend this to everyone! Love it!I LOVE this carseat!!! so worth it!
This is the best car seat !!!! My son loves it and he seems to be comfortable in it. This isnt the 1st car seat I choose and I wish I would have seen it first. It is secure and safe and becuase it's made by Graco, I trust it even more. I will never go back to a different car seat.THE BEST CAR SEAT
My 5 yr old son finally outgrew his convertible seat and I've been looking for months for a new seat. I wanted him to continue in a harness for awhile longer and this seat harnesses up to 65lbs. I know that with this seat I won't need to purchase another seat. He can even buckle and unbuckle himself, which he loves! He couldn't do that with his previous seat.Awesome Seat!!
Absolutely would recommend this car seat to every family. Stylish, safety sturdy and easy to use features once your all setup. My two little girls 3 & 4 years old received car seat upgrades this year and I (my girls too) couldn't be more pleased with the Graco-Nautilus Bravo. The features, soft cushion padding for those long trips we do all the time, 5 point harness for safety, sturdy built in cup holder (not those cheap snap on cup holders) for those sippy cups & fast food drinks, adjustable height head support for the growing toddler & the booster transition which saves me another purchase down the road. Walmart had the best price online with site to store. I hope you enjoy this car seat as much as my family.Fantastic Car Seat!
Excellent car seat. You can't beat this price for a seat that uses the harness till 65 lbs and then converts till you don't need a car seat anymore. I love the fabric, and it's streamlined, which I prefer over the puffiness of some more expensive seats, especially in the Georgia heat. Easy to clean. Plenty of cushiness. Baby loves the cup holder, and I love that it's built into the arm, unlike the seats that have detachable cup holders that flop off. The straps move smoothly and don't twist. It could have more features, like easier to adjust strap heights, but I don't mind taking it out twice a year (or less) to change out the straps. Easy to install. We move it from car to car in one minute. This seat is perfect for us.Super seat!
This seat is great for extended harnessing! My 4 year old 42lb son needed a seat that would allow us to keep him harnessed for several more years. This seat is easy to install, well made and easy to adjust. This seat DOES NOT rear face and is not an appropriate restraint for children <1year. Ideally all children should rearface until 2 years of age. This seat meets the growing demand for extended harnessing and we are delighted to be the owners of this seat.I love this seat!!
I did alot of research before buying this seat. For the same safety features this is equivalent to the $200+ Britax and will actually last you longer. I purchased this seat last week when my son turned 2 because car seats generally have a 6-7 year life span and I wanted to get the entire life of the seat out of it for my money. NC Child Safety Law is 8 years or 80lbs whichever comes first. I like that this booster will still seat him up to 100lbs but I especially love the 5pt harness at 65lbs. I work in EMS and folks the longer you keep your child in a 5pt harness system the safer they are in an auto crash. Please please please make use of this seat and it's ability to hold the weight as well as adjust with the height. Anytime the ears are level with the top of the headrest raise it another notch. This seat is very versatile and you will get the best "bang for your buck." Graco outdid themselves with this one! Britax has a ways to go to compare...Worth Every Penny!
I researched for a really long time, waiting for my daughters first birthday to find her a convertible carseat! This seat was easy to put together, really easy to install. My daughter loves it, she is a little small for it, but we just added a pillow around her head to keep her head from tipping over since it doesn't come with any. The greatest part is how easy you can adjust the straps! Putting her in once with a coat and the next without is no longer a problem. It also has two little cubbie holes on the inside of the armrest, great for cheerios! She seems really comfortable in the seat. I would completely recommend this product and it grows with your child!LOVVVEE the Seat!
My husband and I have been shopping around for a safe carseat for our growing daughter. This carseat is styelish and conveient to carry to vehicle to vehicle. I also like that its a 3in1 because it will grow with her and we won't have to purchase another carseat this ones it. I highly reccommend this to anyone in search of a great, safe, easy set up carseat.Wow this carseat's amazing!!!!
So far, so good. My son (5 yrs.) finds it very comfortable and has fallen asleep several times. I wish that I could have found crash data on it, but hope that I never find out first hand!Great Carseat!
I love the cup holder on the end of the arm rest. That's so much better than those that pull out to the side when space in a car is an issue.

I also love the adjustable head rest.

The padded 5 point harness is also wonderful, although sometimes difficult to release to get baby out.

The colors wear and wash well, and even match the interior of our new Silverado.

I love the fact that this seat has a steel enforced base, which leads me to believe it might be safer in an accident than a normal molded plastic seat.Awesome care seat!
This car seat will be used for many years to come for my now 2 1/2 year old. It is very versitile and affordable for the quality of seat. The only change I would make is the arm rests should be more sturdy. The one has popped out once but does snap right back into place. The other change with the armrest is that I would make a second cupholder in the other arm for snacks, why not? Overall, I love it and would buy it again a thousand times over the pricier seats. Love you Graco!!!!!!Excellent Product
This is a great car seat! If your child is longer or heavier than most, they will outgrow their convertible car seat long before they are developmentally ready for a booster seat, even if they meet the height/weight requirements. It's a Graco, so it's safe, easy to put together, and easy to use. I highly recommend it!Graco Nautilus
my son loves his new seat. he is 3 1/2 yrs old and currently 40 # and just outgrew his last seat. We purchased this seat because it has a higher weight harness that goes up to 65 #. My son favorite accessory on this seat is the easy access cup holder. Adjusting the straps are fairly easy as well.a great higher weight harness seat
We purchased this carseat about 3 months ago. I went with this one because my son is tall for his age and will soon be 40 pounds but is only 2 years old. I didn't feel that he was old enough or big enough to be changing over to a booster seat. I could see him also unlocking the seatbelt on a booster. I just didn't feel it was safe. I started doing some research and found this carseat. After reading a ton of reviews I decided to go for it. I'm glad that I did. My son can now be in a 5 point harness for a longer amount of time and I can change it over to a booster seat whenever I want. I get the best of both worlds. Plus he loves his new "big boy seat". It was easy to install and doesn't move at all in our minivan. The cup holder is great, I fill it up with goldfish for long rides and then hand him his sippy cup to put in the holder. I recently had to wash the lining of the car seat and IT WAS EASY. I couldn't believe it. I was putting it off for a week. I would highly recommend this carseat to a friend. The only downside is that it's a little heavy and awkward to carry. But I'll take it. One more thing - you can recline it slightly. I found when he falls asleep in the car, this helped keep his head from falling forward and resting on his chest. Now he leans his head to the side and it stays there.Great Product
Read the reviews and decided to make the purchase. My son loves this car seat, which came as a big surprise since he is very picky about everything. Feels and looks very secure and comfortable, one of the features I like the most is that when my son falls asleep his head is secure and not flopping everywhere. I loved it so much I decided to buy a second one for our second car. Highly recomend this car seat!Awesome carseat
I've been looking for a car seat for my 4 year old. One that would grow with him. Found it! He's thrilled with his car seat. He loves the cup holder, the small toy storage and he says it looks like a race car seat. As a parent, I'm happy with the high safety ratings, the ease of installation and how comfortable my son is on long rides.Just what we were looking for!
I love Graco's products because they offer durable, safe products that are affordable too! They also have great customer service (for the very few times I have called). My son has been in Graco since birth!

That being said.... I love this seat! It is sooooo easy to use and is a wonderful price. It is heavy, but once its in the car that shouldn't be an issue. It is a very solid seat, and I love the versatility of it. My son is 2 1/2 and 35lbs and he can stay in the 5-point harness until 65! That is a great safety thing!

We already own one and I am on the website now to buy another one for our second car. We had been using his convertable (Graco Comfortsport) but with another baby on the way he is passing that one on!

I hope you enjoy yours as much as I do!Buying another
We bought 2 of these. One for each car and we love it. Our son started using it around 11 months.Great Carseat
I purchased this seat when it first came out. We love it and my daughter is very happy with her new seat. My only complaint, so far, is that one of the arm rests keeps popping out. It pops right back in, but I'm not happy with that. I called Graco to inquire about the problem and they said they were not aware of it. They offered to send me a replacement base, but I'm going to try and exchange it first. If you have had this problem with your seat, please call Graco to report it. They need the feedback.Please call
We had an alpha omega elite and my two year old son would sleep for maybe five minutes this graco nautilus he will sleep for a half an hour or longer since he's happier so am I love that it goes up to 65 pounds for the harness and 100 pounds for belt positioning booster now I won't have to buy another car seat for him and it's good for ten years I recommend to anyone with a little one I love all the side protection tooLove the nautilus
My husband and I bought this car seat for our 2 1/2 year old daughter. She really likes the new seat, I wish it would recline when she sleeps, but all in all it's a good buy. I feel that she is snuggled real good in the seat.nice car seat
I bought this for my son after he was done with his pumpkin seat. This procduct has been great so far. It was very easy to install and adjust to him. The fabric is great and easy to clean. I just wish they had something like this when my daughter left her pumpkin seat. It makes things so much simpler and I don't have to worry about what carseat I will be using next. We bought a second seat for my husbands car too.great buy
I love this car seat, we are just using it still with the 5 point restraint, I love that it works until 65 lbs, I couldn't imagine my 3 year old with just a high back booster and the seat belt! This seat is comfy, it was easy to set up and install, and Walmart shipped it to my house for only 97cents! You can't beat that. I am looking forward to using this seat for a long time, and wish I would have bought it a long time ago. Thanks Graco!Very convenient
Before purchasing, we read all the reviews about this product. The most important information was to read the instruction manual first and to scotchgard it as you are putting it together. Which is exactly what we did. We call it the "captain's chair" and it suits are needs now perfectly and provides plenty of room to grow.Captain's Chair
My husband and I were in the market for a carseat that would grow with our child and this one fits the bill. It's sturdy, easy to install and easy to remove if necessary. I would recommend this product for anyone with 2 or more children.Very Secure Carseat
Great car seat, big and sturdy. For $149 well worth it considering it is the last one you will need for your little ones'.Worth it
I recently purchased this carseat for my 1yr old. It is a great seat for the $ spent. It has great cushion, a lot of room for kids to put toys or snacks in, and doesn't take up a ton of space. The only thing I don't like are the arm rests. They pop in and out easily, which can be a pain. Overall I am completely satisfied with the seat.Love It!
I wish I would of purchased this type of seat before I bought the Graco Travel Systems. This car seat is way safer than the other ones I've purchased. Our baby sits facing us & can now look out the windows. He's much happier. Easy to assemble. Ease of use for the buckles too!! I recommend it to EVERY parent with a baby. Great price too!!Awesome 3n1 Multi use car seat
I love this carseat! It was so easy to put together. Easy to install, and easy to get my son in and out of. I took it apart to wash it for the first time today and it was so easy! The cup holder has been a lifesaver since we made a cross country drive with it! My son loves it! His old carseat was clearly not as comfy as this one because he actually enjoys riding in this one. Also there are so many benefits that it harnesses up to 65 pounds! Awesome since I have a BIG toddler. Worth the money because you won't have to buy another carseat!The best carseat!
I bought this seat for the second time for my MIL to use in her car. My daughter loves it and is very comfortable in it. It is very easy to set up and easy to install. It isn't too bulky either.
I would definitely recommend this car seat to other people!great seat
We've had this carseat for a few weeks, and the best part about it is that you can use a 5 pt harness for so long. Compared to the Britax, it is a great deal. The negatives I see are that the chest clip is sometimes difficult to open, and the headrest isn't as comfy for sleeping as I hoped. My daughter's head still slumped forward when she fell asleep. But so far it is just as good as the Evenflo Triumph we had before, with the addition of a cupholder and headrest.Great carseat, but not as comfy as I hoped
The seat has a cup holder bigger than the one I have for my car!!!! Its the Cadillac of car seats.car seat
This is very good product. I am able to sit my daughter very comfortably in this without having too much hassle. I definitely recommend this product to otherVery good product
We have had the Nautilus car seat for 2 weeks now. We purchased it for our 3 1/2 year old. It was recommended by a friend after I had researched it online.
It was a great value for an extended-weight 5 point harness (65 lbs)seat. It appears very sturdy and was easy to install and adjust.
My only negative review is the buckle between her legs. It ends up under her bottom and it difficult to get from under her without removing her from the seat again or lifting her over it.
She loves her new seat!!! We have used Graco car seats before and I am happy so far with the quality of this product. Looking forward to this being the last seat we will need.Excellent seat
I got this car seat for my three year old that wanted to be big like her brother but she wasn't heavy enough for a booster that he was using. I feel she is safer in this seat then the one she was in before and I loved it so much that I got one for her older brother too! It is very easy to install in my 06 Honda mini van. The only thing I wish it had would be two cup holders but it's not a big deal. Great seat!great car seat
Bought this for my 3 year old son. We bought one for my daugther last year and she loves it, so now we have 2 in the minivan. The kids love the cup holders and storage area in the armrest area. Great construction and well made.Great carseat!
We got this car seat because of the great reviews and we love it so far, and so does our son. It's not as huge or obnoxious as the other forward-facing seats, its narrower, so fits well in our VW wagon but has plenty of space to grow. It looks good and seems high quality. The cup holder is an additional plus.Great car seat!
I have been looking for an extended weight 5 point-harness seat for my son who is 3 1/2 and 43 pounds. This seat is one of the least expensive on the market. I had my son sit on in the store before buying it and found that it fit him well. I was happily surprised when it arrived and found it was easy to install. I emphasized to my son that it is his big boy chair and he is very excited each trip to buckle himself up. He also love the drink holder for his drink or cars or candy or stickers or etc. I highly recommend this product for the price, safety features and quality.Great product on a budget
My husband said it was a little hard to install, but we have a truck that doesn't have the safty clip which made it more difficult. Once it was installed it felt more secure than our grandson's rear facing infant car seat. He seems to like going in the truck now that he can see everyone. The fact that this car seat converts all the way to 100 lbs. booster seat making it the last car seat we will need to buy is a great bonus.great product
I am blown away by the Graco Nautilus. I feel it is very safe, has the 5 point harness, side head protection and I get a solid tight install. My 2.5yo loves the cup holder and pockets inside the arm rest. she stores her toys in them. I literally bought 5 of these seats. I have always been a Britax fan- felt they were great quality and the safest seat on the market. i was very biased and was sure i would love the new britax frontier (the nautilus competitor). i researched a lot on them both, still couldn't decide- so i bought them both. in about 2 minutes i decided the frontier was junk in comparisonLOVE LOVE LOVE!
This is a fabulously constructed car seat - beautiful quality, very luxurious and comfortable. I love that it will grow with my child and that we'll be able to use it until he outgrows all seats/boosters/etc. I only don't love the price - this was a gift and I was shocked to find out how much our loved one spent. However when considering the quality of the chair, I do believe it's a fair price. (I just personally would not have spent that much - moms...we gotta be frugal!) ;-)An excellent car seat!
I love the car seat it is perfect. My 2 year old son fits in it good and we love the cup holder so he can put his drink in it. So if you want a safe and strong car seat for child this is the one. Plus you can't beat the price. You get it cheaper when you buy it online compare to spending 180 in stores. Such a great saving. I also got a $10 off future purchase for buying this chair. I plan on buying a second one for my daughter when she gets older.Love it
I bought this seat for my 2 year old daughter and she is so comfy in it. I love that it is built like a tank and that it's the last seat I have to buy ever. It's very nice that the cup holder is built right in the seat and that the side of the carseat by her head comes out really far. I recomend this to anyone who has kids.LOVE IT! LOVE IT!
It's very great quality & my daughter loves it & seems to be pretty comfy for her. Highly recommended.quality & daughter loves!
I love this carseat sooo very much! It was easy to install and is is so easy to get my wriggly little boy in and out of on a daily basis. I have a Jeep Wrangler so not many carseats fit and work well but this one is awesome. The only problem I can find is I didn't buy 2! This carseat puts the carseat in my other vehicle to shame!Excellent Carseat
My 1 year old daughter really loves her car seat. She feels very comfortable to the extent that if she is tired, it does not take long for her to fall asleep in the car seat. It gives us a peace of mind that she seems to like it and has not ever winced or cried when we put her in the car seat. I highly recommend this car seat. We look forward to using it for many years.My daughter loves it
I have owned this car seat for almost 4 months now. I have not yet had a chance to use it as a booster only, yet. I have been very pleased with this car seat so far. It has all the features I was looking for, making it the last car seat I will need to buy. The seat was a breeze to setup and only took about 10 minutes to get it assembled and ready to go. It is easy to move from car to car because of it's simple setup and it is relatively light (for a combo seat). My daughter and I both love the cup holder feature. She loves putting her cup in it and it also makes a great snack holder. My daughter isn't old enough yet to tell me how she feels about it, but she never seems to mind sitting in it, even after long road trips. You can't beat the value and the price! I give this car seat an A+!!! So far I cannot think of any complaints.

I almost forgot to mention that this seat works perfectly with the Go Go Babyz Travelmate. The instructions tell you to put the strap higher, but from experience, if you hit a bump it will push the dolly too high up and the wheels will not touch the ground. Position the strap where the notches are in the back and secure it tightly. If you do it this way, you will have no problems at all going over bumpy terrain and getting on and off of escalators.Superior!
We just can not rave enough about this carseat. We bought it for our car for transporting our grandson. We do long distance traveling and take him on our vacations with us.

It is sturdy, comfortable, and very nice looking. Grandpa says it is the Cadillac of car seats. It has a cup holder, storage compartments in the side arms. He is 21 months old and looks very very comfortable in it even as he takes a nap -- his head does not roll or fall forward. A complete plus. Easy in and easy out.

The price was very reasonable for the quality of this car seat.

We can not say good enough things about this car seat -- just try it -- you'll definitely love it. We looked at several and this was the one for sure.

We figured this would be the last car seat we would ever have to purchase.

Nothing is too good for our grandson or your child.The Best Car Seat we have seen
We've only had this seat for about a month but so far it seems to be working out well. Easy to install and the strap adjustments are easy to operate. Our son is 36" tall and 36 pounds and the seat has plenty of room to grow into. It would be nice if it reclined a little further but it's OK.Nice seat
I bought this carseat for my three year old. It's wonderful very easy to set up and very comfy. Love it because it will grow with himwonderful
I bought this seat over a month ago and it has been great. Easy to set up and use. I Will be able to use till my son is out of it as a booster seat. No other car seats to buy, Easy to clean up if needed. Definitely a plus. I now own 2 of these seats.Overall great product
This product is comfortable for the baby. She is enjoying her seat because it makes her view outside the car more visible. It also puts us at ease because of all the safety feaures. Set up was very easy, took me less than 30 minutes to figure everything and put it in.Awesome Product
Got this from Walmart.com because it was $50 to $75 more everywhere else on-line + huge shipping charges. I have twins so this was a really great deal for 2 carseats. The shipping was on the .97 special. Can't beat that. This is also one of the few carseats with a 5 pt harness for a child over the age of 5 (over 40lbs). If you have twins then you know they can not be trusted to stay in a booster seatbelt seat. The 2 brains work together and they will figure a way out. The 5 point harness is a must.Get it while .97 shipping
I got this for my son when he was a few months old and he is now almost one, and the car seat has been able to grow wiht him every step of the way. The onlu thing is that it is ssooo.. heavy!!!! But I can deal with that cuz it does everything I want it to. Best thing is that I will never have to buy another one ever again, even if I have another baby!!! Trust me, buy it!!!Best Ever!!!
I have had this seat for about 2 weeks now and it has been great! My 20 month old loves her new seat. One of the reasons I decided to get this seat is because of the head supports and the recline function. Now she can sleep in her car seat and her head won't slump forward. Also, this will be the last seat she will ever need. Great buy!Great car seat!
I was really impressed with this car seat when I got it. I have a 3 year old so he still needs the harness but all the other seats' straps were just way to tight on him. I am so glad that I bought this and I would definitely recommend this car seat!Great product!
I did a lot of research before I bought this carseat and for the price this is an excellent seat. I love that it harnesses up to 65lbs; studies continue to show that the longer you harness your child the safer they are.
After your child outgrows the harness it can be a booster up until 100lbs-this can literally be the only car seat you buy from infancy to 100lbs!
I own 2 of these and plan to buy more so that I can have them in each car for each child.Own 2 and buying more
I have many Graco products and love every one of them. I absoutly love that the five point harnes goes up to 65 pounds, will grow with my son, and the car seat/booster is able to be used up to 100 lbs. Most of the carseats max out at 80 lbs.

My son is tall and thin, I like the way this carseat fits him, and this should be the last carseat/booster I'll ever need to buy for him.

I just bought a second one for our second car.Great Product!!!
I just recieved my Nautilus today! This seat is perfect and the price is great! I got the 97 cent shipping to the house and it arrived in 4 days!! This seat is solid as a rock, easy to put together, fairly easy to adjust, super padded, material will clean easily, and it fits my very big 24 month old perfectly with much room to grow! Also the cup holder is in the perfect spot unlike other carseats i've seen. After much research this seat was the best for its value! After I saw that pediatricians not only recommend it to people but also use it for their own children based on safety, I was set on getting it and after recieving it, it definately met all of my expectations!!! Graco really out did themselves on this carseat and making it affordable even more of a plus!!! Thank you Graco!PERFECT! Thank you Graco!
I purchased these carseats for my twin boys. I wanted to only buy one each that would last them through the booster seat. I love them and they are very comfortable. The recline position in great. We went on a road trip for 12 hours and the babies slept through the night without any problems.Wonderful carseat
Very safe and confortableGreat
I bought this for my sister to use when she has my son. She absolutely loves it. It is very nice looking and had all the safety features I was looking for. I will never have to buy her another car seat.Love It
This car seat is very easy to install... Worth the price. I love it and so does my son.awsome!!!!
No visible damage but was told to always replace after being in an accident. My granddaughter was hit broadside but great-grandson had no bruises even, I find Graco Car Seats to be very solidly made, Only one I would buy.Replacement After Accident
This is a great product, my daughter loves this seat, while it is heavy it was really easy to put in my Volvo 960. My daughter fits in it well and loves the fact that it has a cup holder. Haven't had an issues with it so far.Love this seat
looked at this online and then went to the store and got to really look at it before buying. definitly out ranks any other seat. love it, my son loves it. very easy to set up with directions, easy regristration. online is cheaper then store!!love it!!
I looked at numerous car seats, and I picked this one. It is wonderful!! I love the cupholder in the front and the extra storage space. When my daughter drops her pacifier, it usually goes in the cubby-holes and is easy to find.Great Choice
We ran in to an issue with our 3 year old...he hit 40lbs so outgrew the 5 point harness seats we had and they changed the law so that he has to be 4 before switching to a booster instead of the 3 we had planned on when purchasing the seat. This was the ONLY extended harness for up to 65lbs that we could find in our area and though more than we wanted to spend has been a great seat. Our son loves it and says it is comfortable. It was a little tricky to figure out putting it together but once it was together - it was easy to install. Would recommend this to anyone looking for a convertible seat with extended harness.Great seat for larger toddlers
Third car seat for grandchild: Easy to assemble; tether, yes, but seat belt, too. After struggling with other more expensive products, asking ourselves why we didn't find this model first.No complaints
We purchased a seat for each of our cars and both are working out wonderfully! The seats were shipped site-to-store and is a great shopping feature. Delivery and pick-up was very convenient. We have had the seats for about a month and have had no issues. Set up was extremely easy and installation took practically no time at all. We chose Graco after having a Graco infant seat and we are so glad we stayed with the brand. Our 1 year old loves his seat and is very comfortable in it. It is very easy to switch between cars when the grandparents watch him too. Overall we are very pleased and look forward to using it for many years.Great seat
I was a Britax lover and own 3 Roundabouts, but I have been converted with this purchase. I fully intended on buying another Britax for my 3 year-old son until I saw this on Consumer Reports, and just about every parenting magazine, and even on Jon & Kate Plus 8 on TLC. This car seat is built like a Britax - easy to use, easy to install, and easy to move between multiple cars. It's a little heavy, but it's totally worth it as my son will never need another car seat. It's really the only product that can go from the 5 point harness, to a booster with a back, to the backless booster. I also love it because my son can ride in the 5 point harness until 65 pounds. I am so glad I went for this Graco instead of a Britax. I'll be buying another one in 2 years for my second son.Wow!
This seat is the best one we have bought yet. When putting it together I made the mistake of pushing the harness strap through the back and getting my finger stuck in the roller as I tried to push it through.(But I got it out with some baby oil)
It is very easy to install in the car. Both of my children are using it and I am really glad to be able to keep my 4 year old in the seat using the harness strap a little longer (up to 65 lbs). I have not cleaned the seat yet, but I am also glad that I don't have to use a screwdriver like other seats to get off the cover. The strap that goes between the kids legs is a little far back and could maybe be a little longer. It gets stuck under the kids when we try to get them strapped in. The release for the harness is also very easy to use when tightening or loosening. Kids are always comfortable.Best car seat we bought
I love, love, love this seat. It was exactly what I was looking for. Everyone told me it was the best and it is! My almost 3 year old son loves it too. The cup holder and toy holders come in really handy. When he falls asleep his head doesn't droop and it's comfy. My husband installed it easily and it doesn't budge. I feel really safe with my son in it. I love that it harnesses up to 65 lbs. That was my main requirement.Love this seat!
this carseat is awesome!!!! My mom had originally bought an alpha omega one- very uncomfortable!!!! My son's head constantly flopped forward! He LOVES this one, especially the cupholder! He sleeps well in it, it's easy to install and easy to get him in and out. I highly recommend! We're about to buy one for my other child. I'm excited because now they also have a pink, gray and brown to choose from.the best carseat ever!!!!
I originally bought the Graco Comfort Sport and I ended up selling it on Craigslist 2 months later. In the Comfort Sport my daughter was already on the highest setting at 11 months old and there was no way that seat was going to last into her toddler years. Also, the straps were always getting twisted!! We bought this seat and it is AWESOME! It is more expensive upfront, but it will grow with her and is the last seat we ever have to buy. The seat is solid and the straps never twist. It is worth every penny. I love it so much, I bought two!!BEST CAR SEAT EVER!!!
I read reviews on several websites and this seat was the choice on all with Walmart.com having the lowest price by far. I am very pleased with my purchase. We chose ship to home option for only 98 cents! It arrived quickly and in excellent condition. My 2 yr old daughter loves her new big girl seat and it fits perfectly in our car with an infant seat next to it. We recently took a trip to Rhode Island and the seat was great for the airplane. Very easy to get in and out and fit perfectly in the seat even on a smaller plane.Excellent Toddler Seat
I love this carseat...I have 3 kids and I got this product for my youngest...I love how it grows with him...it will save me in te long run...Easy to put together...It's worth the money!Great Carseat
I bought this seat for my 2 year old who is quite tall. She fits great and has so much room. I hope to never have to get her another seat. I installed it in my car, which I normally don't do. It was so easy.

My daughter LOVES her "big girl" seat also. She gets in it all by herself and locks the top clip. She like the cup holder and little storage cubbies for her treasures.

I bought a different booster for my husbands car and will be returning it to the store for another of these today.Love this seat
I feel like my baby is riding protected with this new carseat. It is so comfy and secure and he feels like he's riding in a rocket seat. He has a cup holder for his bottle and everything. I like that it grows as he grows and I will no have to buy anymore carseats. This one is durable and well made; it will last until my child can sit behind a regular seatbelt.My Baby loves his new carseat
I purchased this for my 3.5 year old after he outgrew his Britax. He is 39" and 35 lbs and we kept him rearfacing as long as possible without an issue until now. It's a great forward facing seat and my son feels like a "big boy" in this. We will be purchasing another one for our other car. Worth every penny!Great carseat
I chose to buy this product after seeing that you can keep the child harnessed to 65 lbs. My 3 year old son is already 40 lbs and I am not ready to use a seatbelt with him yet. I also love the fact that it converts to high back booster and then just booster seat for when we are ready for that in the future. The adjustable headrest is great as well. It fits my son perfectly and I feel like he is safe and secure when riding in it. I am expecting again in February and will definitely purchase another car seat like this is still available when we need one. I have no complaints at all!Love it!
I really like these seats. I bought 1 to try and a 2nd when it worked well. Now we have 1 for each 3 1/2 year old boy.
They're used in a pickup truck with only a lap belt in the center seat- not OK for only a booster seat. So the Nautilus filled our needs wonderfully.

My only possible complaint for the future, when they get taller and heavier, is that the crotch-strap doesn't have a 3rd adjustment farther away from the childs' body. It may get to the point that the clasp is under their thighs enough that it's uncomfortable.good seat
I purchased this carseat for my daughter who is tall for her age, I had another car seat that said it went up to 100lbs, well, it was getting to small for her and she only weighs 35 lbs. I knew I needed to invest in another car seat. I love this carseat b/c it does grow with your child. She has so much more room and when she gets older and bigger it will turn into a booster seat. Love it!! No problem with it what so ever!! I love the price and recommend it to any parents for their child/children. It is also very safe and secure!!Wonderful Carseat
I have bought several car seats. This one is one of the best I have seen. It is stronger, built better and has all sorts of extras on it. It has roller peices for the carseat belts, there is tubular steel unstead of cheep metal pieces. It converts like no other car seat. I wish I had bought this the first timeGreat Car seat
Awesome materials, excellent build quality. I went to about 10 different stores to see hundreds of different options. This is hands down my favorite. I'm a 39 year old engineer holding 2 master's degrees, so let me tell you... this is not only structurally sound, but is the best choice out there that I've come across. Love the OXO rubber on the hand-rests, and the cup-holder is fantastic.High Quality, LOVE IT!!!!
We have 4 Britax seats, a Cosco and another Graco seat. This seat is fantastic for the money. Totally satisfied, love the features, design. Very good quality for the price. No complaints about this seat!Great carseat!
1st off, it came 1 day earlier than I was told. It was very easy to put together & also install in my truck. After 1 ride in the carseat, my 2 yr. old daughter fall asleep in it & when she woke up, she said "this seat is comfy!". When I look at my daughter in this seat, I feel like she's in a very safe seat & it's very comfy. I love the fact that it will grow w/ her & I will never have to buy a booster seat.

Only 2 negative things to say about it. 1. the description says that a newborn can go in this seat. I would NEVER stick a newborn in this seat. I would NEVER put this seat rear facing either (I tried just to see). My daughter is 2 1/2 & I would say is the perfect starting age for this seat. She doesn't sleep all that often now in the car but when she does, her head is supported & she sleeps comfortably.
2. Occasionally I have trouble unclipping the chest clip. I think it only happens when I'm in a hurry but it has happened on more than 1 occasion when I'm standing there trying to get the clip unclipped. Majority of the time though, it's very easy to buckle.

Bottom line, I LOVE this carseat & wish that I could get one for my older daughter too (she already has a booster seat). Highly recommend this carseat for any child 2 1/2 & older.Love this carseat!!!
I have a 16 month old and in both trucks we have this car seat and really love it! I have recommend it to all my friends. The fact that its the last car seat youll ever have to buy it the best. It kinda heavy compaired to others but totally worth the money.LOVE THIS SEAT!!!
We have two boys that both exceeded the weight on their carseats, I found these on line after doing a lot of research. This will keep them safely secured for a long time. They really like them, they love the cup holders and the side storage, which wasn't noticeable until we put the chairs together (great place to store small toys). The buckles are a little stiff and sometimes hard to undo. They are heavier then their last seats. The cushions come off easily for quick cleaning.Great Seat
I have a 3 yr oldd that is large for her age and bought this bc the harness could be used for up to 65 pounds! This is perfect VERY easy to change from car to car and adjust easy as the child grows. i have a 6 mth old ans this will be the carseat i buy for him in the spring! i love that it converts also grows with the child so very much worth the price!LOVE THIS CARSEAT!!!
We have had this seat for about 7 months now. At 18 months of age our son was 29lbs and 36 inches tall. His head went over the top of most car seats. We were nervous we were going to be buying a new seat every 12 months.
I got on the graco site and found this seat. WalMart was the only store carrying it at the time in my location. They were actually a test store for it.
We LOVE this seat. Our son loves this seat. We have already had to adjust shoulder straps and the head rest 2x. The seat of it even sits a little deeper than most convertible car seats. His legs don't seem like they are hanging over anymore.
The seat is growing with him as he grows.
It is well worth the money. We have it in both cars! I tell all my friends about this seat!The LAST car seat you will ever buy!
I bought one of these in a girly print last year from BRU for my SUV. This year I'm replacing an outgrow convertible in my hubby's car with a Nautilus.

Its a breeze to install/uninstall from my vehicles and it grows with my daughter.Another Nautilus
Love this car seat! Bought this for my 3 year old and he absolutely loves it. I love how he can stay in a five point harness for much longer than the other car seats on the market. Price is also not too bad either...great deal! Cup holder is an added plus! It is also easy to loosen or tighten the straps quickly.A Great Car Seat
I love it so much that I bought a second one for my younger daughter.Love it!!!
We purchased two of the Graco Nautilus Car Seats for our 2 year old daughter to replace our Graco convertible car seats as she has out grown them (34# and 36" tall). I love that this car seat will grow with her, if only it was avaliable when she out grew her infant seat!! I thought they were very easy to assemble, it took me less than 20 minutes to set them both up. It was also very easy to install them in my vehicles using LATCH. I feel very confident, safe and secure with all of Graco's products. I would highly recommend this product to anyone looking for a new car seat for their little one, assuming their child meets the recommended size/weight for this product as it is NOT a convertible car seat and is intended for older toddlers.Great Car Seat!
This is a safe and sturdy carseat for a good price. I bought 2 and am very pleased with them.A great carseat
The seats are great, and I'm looking forward to not having to buy another.

After a bit of online shopping, I found that Walmart had the best price even with shipping and tax. The seats came very fast. All around very pleased with the product and the service.Very Nice!
I purchased this car seat about two months ago and I absolutely love it. My son fits very well in there and is happy that he can look forward now. I like everything about it! Great color combination.Awesome Car Seat
This car seat has worked out great so far. My 1-year-old seems very comfortable and the straps are easy to adjust so I feel she is quite safe. I spent a lot of time trying to figure out which car seat to buy and I'm very happy with my final choice as it is easy to install, not too bulky, comfortable for my child to sleep in, and grows with her. The only posible drawback I can foresee is that the seat is very heavy and would not be good for travel on an airline. If your not going to be moving this car seat from place to place or car to car, I think it is a great buy.Great so far
I thought that it was a great overall product. My son is 21 months old and loves the storage space and the cup holder.Wonderful
This is an AMAZING seat! I feel that my daughter is safe & completely protected. We got this for her for her 1st birthday, & I love the weight limits, she can use this for MANY years! I HIGHLY RECOMMEND. I love the cup holder & little compartments where we can stash some toys in her reach.. LOVE THIS!LOVE THIS SEAT!! A+++++
I looked for days on websites to get a new chair for my 14 months old boy. I checked the rankings of convertible car seats and this one appeared more than once in the first places, so I bought it. I set it up in 30 minutes and installed in my car in extra 10. Nothing too complicated and everything with clear instructions. One thing I was worried about was the angle of the chair, because I didn't want to see my son with his head hanging to the sides, but you can recline it a little bit to avoid that. One thing I really like is how easy you can adjust the belts just pressing a button and pulling them. So far, my son loves it (and so do I)...so go for it and you won't regret.Great chair
We bought this carseat after lots of research so that our son could use the 5 point harness and be able to grow with it. It is sharp looking, is solid, and works great.Good flexible carseat
I love the material of the seat. It feels very comfortable. The colors are awesome. It requires no assembly in case you are wondering. It is a little heavy but not extremely heavy. I just couldn't figure out how to install it in the car and unfortunately I am not one to read the instructions first. I did finally read the instructions and still couldnt figure out how to install it. I finally figured it out though. The cup holder feature is a plus!!!Good purchase
We have an older F150 and a Prius with the new latch system. The car seat sits perfectly in both, and is easily interchangable. My son loves the cubby holes in the arm rest to store toys and snacks in. The only thing I wish it had is more padding to make the seat more comfortable on long rides for him.Easy to use
This carseat is ABSOLUTLEY wonderful!!!! My daughther just loves being able to see everyone, I really thinks she thinks she's a BIG girl!!! Its REAL HEAVY weight, which is a GREAT thing.... Its super comfy and the best part is that it will be the LAST seat I buy!!!!! 100% satistified!!!!A MUST BUY!!!!!
We had another car seat but was unable to use it because everything was too small for our granddaughter. The seat is simple to instal and she loves it.Fantastic Seat
I absolutely love this car seat. My son seems so comfortable in it. The only problem is he can undo the plastic clip that goes on his chest. I think he's just getting too smart and he's figuring everything out, but other then that it's a wonderful car seat.Great Car Seat
Great car seat!Wonderful
At about age 4, we put our son in an Evenflo Big Kid High Back Booster. He is now 6 and I have recently learned about the importance for harnessing as long as possible and the availability of seats that have higher weight limits for harnessing. I researched several different seats (Radon 80, Britax, etc) and also researched the height / weight charts for boys. I found my son is not likely to be over 65 pounds until he is about 9 years old. He sat in this seat at the store and immediately said it was much more comfortable. He looks nice & cozy. His movement is more limited than with the Evenflo, which I like, and using both LATCH & the seatbelt, I feel safe that this seat isn't going anywhere!Great big kid seat!
This car seat is terrific. I had it assembled in less than 5 minutes and installed in a jiffy! My son loves facing forward and seems really comfortable! It is also much easier to snap the baby in the seat than the seats I have used in the past with my older kids. Love it!Great Seat!
It's the car seat my kids asked for their second child. Because they like it..Grandsons Christmas Ride!
I highly recommend this car seat. It is very comfortable and attractive. The instructions were a little bit overwhelming, but I guess reason why it is a little more involved than other car seats is that it is 3-in-1.Great Car Seat...Great Value
I brought two of these car seats and they were so easy to set up, adjust and install into the car, I love that it reclines and the kids heads don't flop when they sleep.
Once installed they are very sturdy and secure.
Both my kids (2&1) love their new car seats they always put their sippy cups in the cup holder unless they fall asleep.
Best part daddy was impressed with them too and wasn't upset about the price..we all love this product
We've had this car seat for 6 months and love it!
Our daugther is very comfortable, like the gray color (easy to clean) Very sturdy. Very easy to install. The features are nice (cup holder, toy bin & 1-3 in one car seat) the only thing is that I wish it reclined more than it does. Still great buy!Great carseat
My daughter has been using this car seat for 2 years now and I have nothing bad to say about it. It holds up great, easy to use, and easy to install I just bought one for my son. I Highly recommend it to anyone.a great car seat
my child has been using this car seat for almost 9 months now. He loves this car seat. It is worth every penny. He falls asleep in it all the time. It is a bit heavy. The seat is well made & durable & love the big cup holder. My son is tall for his age & I love the fact that I can adjust the head seat.worth every penny
We bought 2 of these carseats for our 5 and 2 yr old. Finally an affordable option for those looking to keep their child in a 5 point harness as long as possible without breaking the bank account! The seat is sturdy and well padded. It fits in very tight in our car..we can't get it to budge. Love the fact that it has a cup holder and small storage on inside of the arms. Only difficulty in setting up was making sure to hear the "click" when arms put in place...but this is minor. Also happy that the top tether works with the high back booster option. Final plus is that the seat will not expire for 6 years. In our opinion, this seat far out performs the competitors which start at $179 (radian 65 - no cup holder) and on up! Thank you Graco!Worth the Money
I looked at several seats in the stores and found this one met my standards and also was very reasonably priced. It was much cheaper on line than at the stores, which is why I purchased it since it also had free at-home shipping. It is very well padded and I like that it is a 3-in-1 so I don't have to purchase another one later on. As far as performance, I hope I never have a wreck to find that out, but I've used the "anchor" method of attaching and it is very stable, so I feel pretty confident that it will work well if anything were to happen. I really like the cup holder and it has come in handy. I do wish that it reclined a little more, but perhaps that is a safety issue.Bravo for the Graco Car Seat
We purchased this car seat for my husband's car as I already had an Evenflo Titan convertible seat in my car. Once it arrived, we decided that this Graco seat would be the main car seat and immediately placed it in my car. It feels so much more sturdy and durable than the Evenflo. And we love the design - the cup holder and storage spaces are awesome. My two year old son seems very comfortable in it and I feel like he has a safe ride.
Another bonus, walmart.com had the best price by far and had free shipping to our house. It arrived in a matter of days and in great shape. The internet price was lower than the price in our local store for the exact same model.Very pleased with this car seat
We purchased 2 of these car seats 1 1/2 years ago for our older toddlers and just purchsed another for our 1 yr old. We really like them. They are solid and don't wiggle in the car with the tether and anchor straps. I like the cup holders and little cubbies in the arm rests where the kids hide trinkets. They are heavy, so moving from car to car is a work out. I rather heavy, solid car seats than a convenient light weight one. The fabric comes off and on easily for washing, and doesn't lose form after washing. I price shopped this product at several other stores. On sale at Walmart.com is the cheapest. I paid $140, vs $170-$199 at other stores and paid 97 cents for shipping. Definately a great buy for the quality of product.awesome car seat
I just bought this carseat and I love it. I bought this carseat for my niece. Although she is four years old, she only weighs 37lbs. I did not feel comfortable putting her in a booster seat. I had bought an Alpha Omega Elite but when I saw that Graco came out with this carseat, I took the Alpha Omega back to the store and got the Graco Nautilus. I like this carseat so much, I'm thinking about buying another one for my daughter.Way to go Graco
I had read the great reviews all over the internet...and I just had to get this seat. It was very hard to get a hold of but finally I got it & I LOVE IT!!! My 2 year old loves this seat. It allows him to be in a booster seat(but very secure!) He of course loves the cup holder. There is nothing bad about this seat!!! Very heavy duty, very attractive, easy to clean!Best of the Best!!!
I bought this car seat for my son with the idea that I would keep it for him until he is old enough and doesn't need a car seat/boosters at all. I love how it converts and adjusts to accommodate his growth.
Today I am on my way to buy the second once of these because last week my car was totaled in an accident with my son in it. It was hit on my son's side but he had not a scratch or a bruise on him. He also was pretty content sitting buckled in it on the curb while we dealt with police, EMTs and tow companies. It is sturdy, comfy and safe! I am not even considering any other options as far as car seats go.
My son loves the cup holder and under armrest storage. Even though it was a bit clumsy I was happy that I had it with me on numerous plain flights, it fit right into the plain seat and he sat buckled in it for 8-9 hr flights. I love that it is all in one car seat and it is very easy to clean. I throw the covers into the washer in the evening, hang dry them over night and it is good to go in the morning.
This is a lot of information but I can't tell you how happy I am with this car seat. It is well worth the money! I've paid $30 dollars more for it when I bought it and I don't regret a dime of that money.Awesome carseat!
I bought two of these for my twin boys, after reading all the reviews. i've only owned it for about 1month. but its great, my sons love it, and it easier for me to sit them down now that their 19months..

def recommend

What can go wrong with Graco products?

they're amazingIts So Cute!
I bought 2 of these seats for my almost 3 yr old twins and I love them!! My twins weigh 26lbs and I love the fact they can be in the 5 point harness until 65lbs. Going from car seat, to high back booster to regular booster...you get your moneys worth in this seat!! The armrests and cupholder are added extras my twins love. These seats are comfortable and provide such a wonderful level of comfort for my twins. The seat has easy adjustable straps and headrest, it is very easy to install.excellent
This car seat is all about safety.. It is well engineered and well made. Great product.Excellent product
I just purchased this seat for my 4 yr old after he outgrew his convertible. I am committed to keeping him harnessed and was concerned with him not wanting to be harnessed as some of his friends are going to booster seats or seatbelts alone (YIKES!). Well, we both LOVE this seat. It fits him great, is comfortable, and easy to adjust. My son brags about his cupholder and headrest (just like Mommy's seat). He will be harnessed in this seat for at least another 2.5-3 yrs, maybe more as he has about 4.5 in of torso growing room left. After that, we'll use it as a booster. Great value in my book. I will be purchasing another one of these in a year when my younger son is 3 as well.

It is important to know that this seat does not rear-face and is only appropriate for older kids. It is not a substitute for a rear-facing convertible seat, but a safer alternative than putting a preschooler into a booster...and not much more expensive than a high-back booster anyway.Great Seat for a Great Price
this makes the 3rd car seat purchased. the 2nd & 3rd were purchased because the 1st one is holding up well under toddler spills, and activity. An excellent product and Walmart had the best price on this particular model.3rd one we bought
My one-year-old loves this car seat. It's like his thrown. He fits in it really well right now and I can see that it has room to grow as well. It doesn't take up a ton of space in the car. We just went on a trip and I had to pack it through the airport and it really wasn't that bad. The only negative is that it doesn't hardly recline at all. But, he can still sleep just fine in it.My Baby LOVES his Thrown!
Easy to install in car and it is truly versatile.For my little man - My grandson
We have bought two of these car seats and love them! Our older child liked her little sister's so much we had to buy one for her. It is such a great seat, we are planning to order two more for my husband's car. We live in Texas and it is HOT, but I have found these seats to be cooler than the one we had before. Also, the cup holder is great and the girls love the storage cubby they can hide a little toy in!cozy with great features
Our child needed a change. His old car seat was apparently hurting his back, so I looked into other options. I found this seat reviewed here before I bought on Walmart.com: http://www.consumersearch.com/booster-seats/graco-nautilus-3-in-1

It has been great so far. Has survived 2 long road trips. My son hasn't complained about back pain one time yet.

I highly recommend it!Great transition seat!
I have a toddler who is about to turn 3 and he is exceptionally tall and thin for his age. He had outgrown his convertible seat (great Combi product but his head was above the side protection areas) and needed the next step. However, being as thin as he is, I just didn't trust that he was ready for a simple seat belt booster restraint. I looked specifically for boosters that inc. a harness system and they are few. When I came across this seat, I was so excited! I read everything I could about this and other options and chose this. I am glad I did. It is exactly what we were looking for, safe, extremely comfortable and adjustable, easy to install and my toddler loves it. He will have to be in the harness for a while, so, I am glad that he enjoys this as a transition until later on. Plus, I feel so much safer about it everytime I place him in it. Great design and well needed!! Thanks Graco for a great product.Glad I did my homework
This is the second of these car seats I have purchased, my sons being 14mths apart. It is sturdy, easy to clean, easy to adjust, and goes from infant to large child booster seat, so you don't have to purchase another seat in the future. I have also travelled internationally with this seat, as children are required to have a car seat on an airplane, it was dropped by airline employees, and inspected at many sites. I am very happy with this product, and in a few months will be travelling internationally again, but with two of them.Everything you need
I bought this for my 5yr.old son so he can stay harnessed to the max. I believe this seat is great for older children. I don't think it is the best seat for children under 3. Also, this seat is a forward-facing seat only and people should not be trying to install it in a rear-facing position. We practice extended rear-facing and harnessing.Great seat for older children.
I bought this car seat after doing my research and my 4 year old son rides in it. He still has plenty of room to grow (the straps can go up 2 more times) and he LOVES the seat.Awesome car seat!
Im a loyal Graco consumer and out of all the products I have, this by far is the BEST!!! It is so easy to use, and my daughter LOVES her new car seat. Its comfy and her head doesn't fall forward when she falls asleep in it. Its easy adjustable straps make the ride much better for my girl. The hieght adjustment is so nice, it only takes a few seconds to get it the right spot. I highly recomend this product to anyone who is in the market for a new car seat. Its the best for your buck!!!Great Buy!!!
Love this car seat. I have the anchor system and it was so simple to secure! My 18month old daughter loves that fact she can see everything and has her own cupholder. Seems to be very comfy and has lots of padding both on the straps for extra comfort and easy to clean material. Would recommend to everyone.Must Have
Comparing this Graco car seat to another we have at a much higher cost, this is comparable in fit and safety for my 18 month old.Great Buy
We've only been using this for afew weeks, but so far we like it. We got it for a small 5 year old and he seems really comfortable in it. He likes the compartments under the armrests and the cup holder is in a great location, but we wish there were two of them. It seems really sturdy and safe. He can fall asleep in it comfortably. The seat belt in it is very easy to use - he can buckle and unbuckle himself (- this may not be so good for some younger kids). Overall we are very happy with this purchase.A good carseat
This car seat is the most amazing seat ever. My inlaws bought us a car seat for my daughter about 9 mos ago..we felt that it wasnt safe enough so started doing research. It is by far the highest rated seat out there. When she is in it I feel so much safer driving and riding around. And my 18 month old loves when we take it out of the car..she loves to play on it! The only thing is it is pricey and heavy! We have to switch the seat out of our vehicles alot and we wanted to buy another but we cant afford one yet. Its so heavy and irritating to move! Other than that, its wonderful!!!Love the Seat!
This is the best car seat you can buy in this price range. You can compare with a britax frontier. Just as good and half the price. I use it with my 4 year old and will be buying another one as soon as my little one outgrows her converitble. Buy this seat you will not be dissapointed.best of the best
I REALLY like this car seat. my 23 months old son is very comfortable in it. it's VERY EASY to set up and install. it looks very strong and stylish. only thing I worry about at the beginning was the buckle ( which is comes from between his legs) looks short. it's little hard to grab it. but after my all research i find out that it supposed to be like that. but still thinking that they need to make it little longer for the bigger kids. overall is just perfect...I love this car seat...
We are retired and live far from our family. We got the car seat for visiting grandchildren. It is adjustable to suit the different size children and follow them as they grow, up to 100 lbs. Consumer Reports magazine gave this model the highest rating.For the Grandkids
I love this car seat, who ever thought of the simple thing to add a cup holder thank you very much. '
The cup holder makes my life alot easier. Looks great, my daughter just turned a year this seat is very comfotable for her. Had a old one at first my sons which was bought in 06 and she could not fall asleep because she had no place to rest her head. Started to look for a new on found this one had great reviews so I bought and I love it and so does she. She can fall asleep and has a place to rest her head because of the sides, not to mention I will not have to by another one. Booster is included.Great Product!!
We just moved our 19 month old over to this car seat so our 8 month old could go in his and this car seat is wonderful. My son loves it and it's durable and comfortable for him.This car seat is great!
I have been searching for a Car seat that could be used with 5 point harness for my 4 year old grandson. The only one I could find was the Britax which was very costly and very big. I was so happy to find this car seat and after reading all the reviews I decided to try it. My grandson loves it, he says it is very comfortable and I love knowing he is safe in the 5 point harness. The only problem is that the arms pop off easily but they go back on just as easily. I would recommend this seat to anyone looking for a safe and economic car seat.Met all expectation
I love this car seat, my lil girl is small for her 14 month old self but she fits perfectly. Very easy to install, gets nice and tight. Material is great, colors also. She just loves being able to see everything! So glad we don't have to buy her another seat ever since this one goes up to a 100 lb booster!Great!
We ended up getting two of these for our kids. They both LOVE them, and so do we! The set up was very quick and easy. The safety rating was a must for us, and the head rest is what sealed the deal- our kids can now sleep without their heads falling down to their chest which looked so incredibly uncomfortable. The strap that goes between their legs to click the belts in place is a bit close as mentioned in other reviews, but it shouldn't be a problem as far as we can tell (unless you have a VERY big kid that you still want to use the 5-point harness on). I would highly recommend this product to anyone!Great Seat!
This is exactly what we were looking for. I wanted my son to stay in a 5 harness car seat for as long as possible. I like how durable it is. This is not a car seat that can be switched from one car to another. It is heavy. Just ask yourself, is my child worth it.My Child Is Worth It !
it was easy to install and its a great seat for my daughter!Love it...
Very well built, solid and easy to install, reclines in case little ones are sleepy, cup holder within their reach so parents do not need to reach back and hand child drink, 5 pt saftey harness up to 65lbs means their safer until their big enough for booster seat (which this product becomes!), easy to clean....very happy...Graco has an excellent reputation for well built/safe products.Very happy!!
This car seat is wonderful!! It is durable and looks like your child is locked in for a space flight! LOL The only problem is...the strap that locks between your child's legs slides up under your child's bottom when you put them in the seat.....then you have to "dig" it out from under them to lock it. It is a minor inconvenience, but I have two little one's, so it gets old putting them in their seats while long travels, or getting in and out of the car while shopping at multiple locations. I don't want to sound too negative, because I LOVE the seat and would strongly recommend it to others!GREAT CAR SEAT!!
Great product! I bought 2 for my girls and love them! They are well made and seem very safe! Cup feature is great! Buy it!Buy it!
This seat was incredibly easy to assemble, I'm sure even easier when you don't have a toddler trying to crawl into it! The best part about the assembly was that you put it together exactly the opposite as your child will grow into it- backless booster to booster to car seat with 5 point harness. Gives you a good understanding of how it grows with your kiddo.
All the seat covers appear to be really simple to get off- which was not the case with our previous Safety1st seat.
I have recommended this car seat to ALL my friends! We even bought a 2nd one for our kiddo that's on the way! And Walmart has the BEST prices! And our daughter (almost 2 years old) still loves going for rides in her "new car seat" as she calls it :o)Best Car Seat EVER!!
My son loved this chair, he enjoy to get seat to the front of car and see everything when we go trought the streets, vary happy whit this chair.Excellent product
We were looking for something to grow with our almost-four-year-old. We had purchased an Eddie Bauer convertible seat -- and the strap for tightening the harness had become frayed and would not tighten properly -- less than 3 months after we bought it. We wanted a harness-type of secure system for as long as possible. Our son is about 40 pounds -- and this seat with the harness restraint will last him another 25 pounds, then can convert to a booster. I feel much more confident knowing that he is as secure as possible for as long as possible. I looked at tons of options and read page after page of reviews. I think this seat is one of the best purchases we have ever made.Excellent purchase -- highly recommend
This is a great carseat. My son loves the cup holder and it was easy for my husband to install. The only thing I don't like about it is that the arm rests make it harder for me get my son in and out of the seat because I have to lift him over them. Other than that it is a great seat and a great value for the money.Great Carseat
I feel very good putting my little girl in this seat. It seems to be made very sterdy and she seems to fit right in it. I would recommend this seat to someone else.Great Seat
The seat is very nice looking, and practical. Our daughter loves sitting in her new big girl seat. She seems to think it's very comfortable as well.great next step seat
I am very impressed with this carseat, it was super easy to install and to switch vechiles, the latch system makes it super simple, it is durable and seems like it will last a long time, I like the cup holder and cubby holes, just wish it reclined more.Excellent car seat
We bought two of these 2 years ago for our kids. My son was getting too big for his car seat and I didn't feel comfortable putting him in a booster. I wanted something that would keep him in the harness longer. We looked at the Britax and after much research decided to go with this seat instead. This is a great seat!! It is a little heavy and big, but it has to be to keep bigger kids in it longer. Both my kids love the cup holders and the little side compartments. It is easy to install in both our vehicles, which are compact cars, so that was a plus. I have had to wash my daughter fabric for her seat numerous times while potty training and it has held up great!! I can't say enough about this car seat and just might be buying another one for my son so I don't have to keep moving his from car to car!! He's 4 1/2 and still enjoys sitting in this seat.LOVE IT!!!
This is our 3rd Graco carseat, we trust this brand. We have been using this carseat for a month now, and our 2 year old likes it just fine. His favorite part is probably the cup holder, but looking back to check on him, he always looks comfortable, and so far he has no problem falling asleep on longer rides.Love Graco
I feel my 9 month old is very comfortable in this seat. It was easy to set up, but not so easy to adjust the harness straps without taking the seat out; or at least I haven't figured it out yet(honestly...I haven't referred to the manual on this issue). Overall I feel that it was a wise and valuable purchase that can be used for many years to come. I must say, Graco makes great, innovative, and inexpensive baby produts for those who want quality and sensibility.Ivy seems to like it.
We really like this car seat. For the money is the best deal out there. It will grow with your child and will last from 20-100lbs. We bought 3 of them. It seems very safe and sturdy and was fairly easy to use. The belts twist a little but I think that would happen with any carseat. Great option for those who trying to watch cost. I feel like it just as good as Britax but about $100-$150 cheaper. It is also much cheaper on the walmart website versus Babies R USI bought 3 of them
With two kids, I have installed several different types of car seats. This is by far the easiest to install/uninstall and adjust. We have owned it for 2 years now. I have had to clean it several times. Very easy to take apart, wash and put back together. Love it. Would buy it again in a heartbeat!LOVE IT!
The car seat was delivered in 2 days though I placed standard shipping. My kid loves this. I could see she feels very comfortable. We wanted to have this as a secondary seat, now this is going to our primary car seat. The recline is good, her head doesn't fall front when she is asleep. The padding to the left and right near er head is perfect.Amazing car seat
After reading some of the reviews about how the five point harness isn't big enough for a bigger kids because the bottom latch was to far back, I was concerned. But once we got the product and I actually got to READ THE DIRECTIONS, I was able to see where you can make adjustments for bigger kids by moving the bottom latch forward! This is a great seat and I can easily see how this harness can last up to 65lbs.These are great car seats!
My daughter told me to get this car seat because it transitions into every phase of the child's age. I have 3 grandchildren all different ages, so this car seat can accommodate each of them. I highly recommend it. It is worth the money on all ends.A great all in one car seat
A little tricky to sit up, easy to use, our little bundle of joy actually enjoys trips to town now. Makes'em feel like a big kid.The carrier
We've only been using the seat for a short time, but my son seems to love it and it fits him well. He weighs 30lbs and is 34 inches tall at 12 months old. The seat was very easy to install and comes with great safety reviews. Ive done my homework. Would recommend this seat to any one. Love the fact that it is 3 seats in one. We will not have to buy another.Great carseat
This carseat is just what i needed. It is a very comfy carseat for my little one and is also what i want safety wise. It fits him just right and will grow with him as he grows. I absolutely love this carseat!!Exactly what i needed
without a doubt the most universal car seat at more than a reasonable price that can grow with your child.
it narrower than other, and it fits in the back seat of a volkswagon beetle nicely.most universal i've seen
i bought this seat for my 3 year old because he outgrew our other convertable seat because he is taller than avg. It was easy to assemble and adjust. The front adjust makes it easy to convert from winter to summer clothing. I have only had it for 2 weeks so i cannot rate the durability. He is comfortable for long road trips in this seat. I only wish that it had the reading/activity lights as we do lots of long road trips. The cup and crayon holders are great for him. The seat does take up a lot of space and probibly would not fit in more narrow vehicals with more than one carseat.great overall seat
Only had the chair for a month or two and so far so good. My dtr was very excited and wouldn't get out of the car for the first couple of weeks. The cup holder is a great size and she loves stashing things in the side compartments.
The chair was easy to put together and I installed it myself without any trouble. It's not going anywhere! Some milk splattered on the material and when I cleaned it there was some residual marks but other than that it is perfect. My dtr is very tiny so this chair will last her as long as she needs a car/booster seat.Great so far!
We have had this car seat for about 3 weeks now and we love it. It was very easy to set up (as long as you follow instructions) and it is very easy to strap our daughter in and get her out. We would highly recommendGreat Car Seat
I love this car seat and so does my son. Once he was too be for Rear facing I ordered this one, so he was still harnessed Forward facing. And then turns into a back booster, then a backless booster! It's all you'll ever need!

!!! Did you know whiching your child to a booster too soon is dangerous? Even switching them forward facing is dangerous too soon too! !!!!I got in it two days! With regular shipping!
I have been researching carseats for a couple months and couldn't decide between a booster type seat or a convertible seat. I am so glad I went with this seat. As with most of the hard working class, I can't afford a carseat that is $300(or more) and upon researching some of these carseats, the pricey ones are made almost the same. My son loves this seat. It was easy to install and he fits great in it. Other people have mentioned the distance between the back and the crotch strap as being an issue. I can see how it could be, but my son is small so therefore we are okay with it. It is heavy so I wouldn't recommend switching this out all the time. I haven't had this very long, so I am not too sure about taking the fabric out for future accidents, but when I was putting it together, it seems to be okay.

I would recommend this seat to everyone! Very good for the price!!Very Good Product!!
I bought this car seat for my son and i absolutly love it and so does he. As soon as i put it together he climbed right in. the cup holder is in the perfect spot so he can reach his cup and put it back he loves being able to put his cup away. it was easy to put together it looks great and it is very durable. and it will last until he has outgrown a car seat and booster so i don't have to go buy another seat. the only problem i have had is getting it apart to clean it. it was difficult getting the back off. if you are thinking about getting this car seat i would say go get it you will love it.I love this car seat
I love this car seat. Great colors to choice from along with being a great price and not sacrificing safety. I really like the fact that she can use this car/booster seat until she no longer needs one. My daughter is very petite and tiny, so I found myself being VERY picky when it came to actually buying one. After a a few months of research I fell in love with this one. It was very easy to put together along with installing it into my tiny little Honda Civic. We plan on buying our second one for my husband's car tonight.LOVE IT!!
This has been a great car seat. I love how long it lasts. My son loves it. The cup holder is nice and he puts his toys and "treasures" in the sides under the arm rests.
The only cons is that it's heavy if you move it in and out of the car, and it takes up a lot of the back seat (you wouldn't be able to fit 3 back there!)
Great quality.We love it!
I was searching for a good car seat that would go the distance and be very safe for my 2yr old. I wanted to keep her in a five point harness for as long as possible. Most of the people I know buy the Britax. After doing some research, and finding a website that rated these car seats... I found that this seat was rated just as good as the Britax. Only, this one is better because you truly will never have to buy another seat again because it turns into a booster that they can use up to 100 lbs. Very easy to use. I love that it wraps around the sides of her head. I would definitely buy it again.get this...don't waste your money on britax
As most parents do, I researched car seats to see which one is best for my twin girls. After looking at reviews and viewing them in the store, I decided on this one. So far it is great. My girls seem to love the comfort and it is easy to get them in and out. I was initally afraid it was going to be too big and bulky, but it turns out to be wonderful. Right now I have a 2 door coupe and both seats fit nicely.

The only negative thing i have to say is that the straps sometimes get twisted, but with taking 2 kids in and out, what seats wouldnt. And sometimes it seems like when tightening the straps, one side is too tight, and the other side is not tight enough. But with a little readjustment, all works well.

I would recommend this seat.Great Buy!
I bought this seat mainly because I have a very big child (he was 42lbs and 42in tall at 2yrs), and he had outgrown his previous convertible seat. I love that it harnesses to 65lbs, which is great for toddlers who are big for their age. We've had it almost a year, and it's definitely held up. It's also nice knowing that it will probably be the last seat we'll need for him, since it converts into a high-back, belt-positioning booster, and then into a backless booster. This is a GREAT seat, especially for the price. It is very heavy, but a great seat overall. We love it!Excellent Seat
I bought these seats for my 4 1/2 year old and 7 year old!! What more can I say other than that we all LOVE them!! Easy to assemble, easy to install, and easy to ride in!!! I have and will continue to recoomened these seats to all of my friends and family :-)LOVE IT!!!
This seat is awesome. My daughter is tall for her age. She grew out of her seat at Thanksgiving. We had a seat that went up to 40 lbs with the harness. She was not even 40 lbs and grew out of it. I have searched for a seat big enough for her. I was just about to give up and put her in a booster seat. I hated that idea I would reather have her in a harness. Again this seat is awesome. I love it and she loves it. Thanks Graco.A AWESOME SEAT
I love this car seat!! I had the Alpha Omega for my son before I bought this car seat. He is a lot more comfortable in this seat and I feel as though he is safer. I didn't have any trouble installing it in the car..... The only thing that may be a problem for some people is if you plan on taking it on an airplane. It is certified, however, it doesn't fit into seats that do not have arm rests that fold up. Other then that this is a great car seat.Great Product
I have two of these carseats for our main car but wanted to get more for spare cars and travel. I saved a lot of money by going through Walmart. Awesome price.Great price
I have had this car seat for over a year now. Very durable and I plan on keeping it for years to come. Great investment.Grows with my child
I love this carseat. It's so easy to use. Very sturdy. My son loves the cup holder that is up high where he can easily access whatever may be in it.. It has little cubbies on each side of the armrest on the inside for snacks, toys, books, ect.. He seems very content in it. Overall, the best carseat on the market!!Great Carseat
I love this car seat. It holds up well, is easy to clean, put together and take apart. I like the cup holder and cubbies on each side of the arm rest for little trinkets and toys. The recline feature is nice too. Would definitely recommend this product!A great product!
We bought this car seat for my very tall three year old and we love it! I wish this car seat existed a few years back, when our first child was born. Our three year old is a very tall child and most of the 27-30" booster seats are almost not high enough to support his head. This car seat fits him just right with room to grow. We love the fact that this car seat is so comfortable, stylish, very well made (with metal bars running the height of the car seat in the back) and grows it with the child. Our son loves riding in this car seat! It fact we loved it so much that after a owning one of these car seats for a year, we bought another one for my husband's car. This car seat took about 10 min to put together and was very easy to install in our cars. I love that you can adjust the harness, tether and side belts with just a push of a button. We did a lot of research, before we decided to purchase this car seat and this model had a lot of positive feedback from people. You will find same positive qualities I just listed, in reviews of the other users of this car seat, but there were a few reviews, where people said this car seat saved their child's life in a car accident. Sold!Love This Car Seat!
I have done extensive research into car seats. I wanted to buy one that would last a long time and be very functional. I was ready to buy a Britax until I saw this seat. This seat does all that. It was easy to set up and install. It met all my criteria for longevity...it will last until my Grandchildren are out of required seats/boosters and the expiration date on the seat is 9 years!!! I bought this to use when I pick up any of my Grandchildren and want to take them with us somewhere special, or if they just want to ride with Grandma...It fits my needs exactly.Great Choice
Most of the set up and installation was easy, but the crotch strap is REALLY hard to get out if you have to move it (the fabris is just a little too thick to get through the opening). Once it is out it is easy to put back in and you probably only have to move it once.Nice
This car seat is wonderful, the fact that it all comes apart for cleaning (even the straps come completely out) is what sold it for me since my 22 month old gets carsick quite often. It is very comfortable, she refuses to get out of the car when it is time! She also naps without her head flopping all over the place as it did in the previous seat.Well worth the money
Great product. Bought this for my almost 4 yr old. She fits the 5 pt harness and shook well into the end of the year. I love that it grows with as she grows.Great Seat
I purchased a different car seat for my Grandson when he outgrew his infant carrier/car seat. He grew out of that one so fast that it still looks brand new. After doing some research, his mother and I quickly agreed on this car seat. I cannot say enough good things about it! Getting him into the smaller one had become a battle and he cried most of the time he was in it, mainly because he was uncomfortable. This car seat has settings that will grow with him until he no longer needs a child's car/booster seat. This multi-mode car seat converts from a comfortable, reclining, high-back, 5 point harness (with a removable insert once he reaches 40lbs) to a backless booster seat up that he will be able to use up to 100lbs. The car seat itself is very well made, sturdy, and only requires the same amount of space as any other car seat would need. My grandson especially likes the armrests like his parents, a cup holder for his sippy cup, and the 'storage' places for his in-the-car toys. We like it because he is much more comfortable (lots of padding) and it will grow with him (up and out) - saving the cost of having to purchase a booster seat in a couple of years. I also purchased the Buckle-Pals Seatbelt Strap Holders that clip onto the sides of his car seat. They are terrific. No more 'fishing' for the harness buckles that he was always sitting on. If you're willing to pay a little more for a good car seat, this is the one to get. I've recommended it to other mothers - and grandmothers - as the best investment in our little one's comfort and safety.The Best Investment
This is a GREAT value for the money and the product is fantastic. Easy to install with LATCH and my daughter is certainly more comfortable in it. Adjustable and much faster to get her in and out of it too. And she also loves the fact the she has a sippy-cup holder!!excellent excellent excellent!!!
I bought this carseat for my son, because I have a third child on the way. My son liked it so much, I bought a second one for my daughter. They both love them. I would recommend this seat for 2 year olds and older, beacuse you can use it for so long.great carseat
The Graco Nautilus 3-in-1 is a terrific seat for a growing child. My daughter is about 40 inches tall but only weighs 32 lbs. I like the fact that the seat can be used up to 100lbs and 65 lbs with the harness. She's safe and feels like a big girl because the seat is higher than a regular carseat.

It was a little tricky to install but if you follow the directions it isn't that bad.

It is also nice to not have to worry about buying a no back booster when she is older, this turns into one.Excellent seat for growing child
We travel a lot and my son is 3 and I wasn't ready for him to be in a regular booster and this is exactly what I wanted. He loves it and there is plenty of room to grow! Another great product by Graco!Great product!
I have 3 of these. 2in one car and 1 in the other. My 5 yrs old and 2 yrs old love them.Great Product
We ordered 4 of these car seats after my car was in an accident and our other car seats had to be replaced.

I LOVE them and so glad we spent the money to get 4 of them.

The kids have mentioned that they are super comfy, love the cupholder, the recline capabilities, and the room to grow features.

Makes me feel so much safer that my 40lb 3 year old is still in a harness!!Superb Carseat
As the mother of a 3 1/2 year old and a 6 month old, we just bought this seat for our oldest son. We researched for a while and are replacing an Edie Bauer. We chose this seat because the harness has a higher weight limit and my son is already past the harness limit in his other seat and we aren't quite ready for him to be just in a seat belt. The seat was very easy for my husband to install and once secured it actualy feels like it is a part of the vehicle, not just a seat tht's strapped in. It doesn't move a bit!!!! I am extremely happy with how sturdy the seat is. I cannot stress enough how solid this seat feels. We used to be really pleased with the Edie Bauer, but now this seat makes that one seem flimsy. I feel relieved to know that if we are in an accident he is in such a strong seat. It was very easy to set up and is very nice looking. My son says it is very comforable and he seems quite relaxed when in it (and he doesn't enjoy being in a car seat). His legs also hang appropriately from this seat, which seemed to be a problem with others. The seat does have a built in cup holder which is much more accessible than the ones on the other seats, but aside from that and two small "compartments" for toys, etc. not many "features". My only negative comment about this seat is that they state it is the "last seat you will ever have to buy"; However, with the new laws that are requiring 8 years/80 pounds ... this seat actually has an expiration date on it. I realize it is because the plastic tends to breakdown over time and may become brittle and not hold up in a crash, but this seat is not to be used after 6 years, so it does not quite meet the 8 year legal limit - which is fine for my 3 year old, but not our little one. Never the less, we are about to purchase 3 more of these seats so that we will have two in each vehicle (one for each child after my second son turns a year old). This seat is well worth the money and we love it!!!!This is the seat to pick!!!
After looking for a three in 1 carseat, I found there really aren't that many. This and the Britax Frontier were the two that seemed most popular. After using Consumer Reports and the National Highway Safety ratings of carseats, I settled on this one. Price was a huge factor, but otherwise, this didn't rate much behind the more expensive Britax. I have two children in Britax Decathalon carseats in my Honda Pilot and the same two children in Graco 3 in 1's in my husband's G6. I'm pleased with both. If you are looking for a cheaper alternative to the Frontier, I think you'll be happy with this. We are!good product
From the moment I took thses out of the box I could feel and see a difference from our previous car seats. They are heavy, wouldn't be the best seats if switching cars a lot. But we keep them in one car. They look comfortable, sturdy, and safe. We have only had them one month but so far glad I made this purchase, it has given us a little more peace of mind.Great, safe, sturdy, so far durable!
So I had an Evenflo carseat that feels so flimsy it is the one that is secured with the seat belt across the chest. Everytime I have my son in the car I am on edge. I looked into the safety of these seats and saw that 5 point harnesses are so much safer. So i started my hunt for a 5 point harness seat for bigger kids (my son is 3). I got my seat in the mail today, got it all set up, and now i feel 200% better!! My son likes the seat he says it is comfortable :) great buy!! Very well worth the peace of mind!LOVE LOVE LOVE
Wounld't hesitate buying this car seat. Fits in my Toyota Camary perfect and my little girl loves it. Great car seat for the money.Great Graco Car Seat
I have the pink for my daughter and black for my son. They both love it, as do I. The cup holder is the best feature ever. Its wonderful that the harness can go up to 65 lbs. and the booster part alone can go up to 100 lbs. This carseat will be expired well before either of my kids get to that point. The only complaint I can think of is that the buckle is so far back, when I put the children in the seat, I always have to dig out the buckle. It seems like it should be a little further out toward the front of the seat. Lots of others have complained about this, so I'm not sure why Graco hasn't fixed this. Otherwise, we all love the seats!Everyone loves it
This car seat is wonderful. My sons loves riding in it. It was easy to put into the car. The quality is extremely nice. I did a lot of shopping around and the seat meets all my high expectations. This seat is offered at Target for twenty dollars more. I feel like we got a great deal with great quality!! This is the seat for everyone!!I Love this car seat!!!
I got this online (had to save up for awhile - and online was $20 cheaper) and LOVE it. It's easy to set up, and I love that it will follow my son from now (just turned 1) til he's out of booster seats. The only thing that's not so great is the weight. I don't have a car, so he rides in different cars - so it's not easy to transfer (no handles either). But overall it's sturdy and I'm very pleased with it.Love it
Just picked up my online order for this carseat! I am so impressed with the ease of getting this convertable carseat set up. My little boy is 19 months and this should last him until he is 10 years old. He loves the little drink holder that is on the arm rest and it has extra cusion for the smaller toddlers. I feel like this seat totally surrounds him for safety and yet is so comfortable for him. It has the 5 point harness rated up to 65 lbs, I want my baby ultra protected as long as possible, what a great feature. Overall definitely would recommend!Great Value for Safety
WHEN I SEEN THIS I HAD TO HAVE IT. INSTALLATION WAS EASY ALTHOUGH I HAD A QUESTION REGARDING THE LATCH BELT AND CONTACTED GRACO AND THEY RESPONDED QUICKLY AND WERE VERY HELPFUL. IT SEEMS TO BE COMFY FOR MY ALMOST 2.5 YEAR OLD. MY ALMOST 5 YEAR OLD WANTS ONE NOW! I DO WISH MAYBE THE FABRIC WAS A LITTLE MORE PLUSH AND THE EXTRA/REMOVABALE CUSHION SEEMED WORTHLESS TO ME. LUV THE CUBBY AND CUP HOLDER. I ESP. LUV THAT IT IS SO EASY TO TIGHTEN I HAD A VERY EXSPENSIVE SEAT BEFORE THAT WAS ALWAYS SO HARD TO TIGHTEN MY DAUGHTER IN. I HAVE READ OTHER REVIEWS AND PEOPLE HAVE TO MAKE SURE THEY ARE USING THIS FOR THE APROPRIATE AGED CHILD!!!LUV IT
easy to install. daughter loves it. seems comfortable. rated safe. all around win.Love it!
this is a very good carseat. great price for a seat that harnesses to 65 lbs. very easy to use.Great Seat
I absolutely, without a doubt, love this car seat. My 4 y/o who is 45 in. tall and about 43lbs fits in this seat with a lot of room to spare. He sleeps comfortably in the seat and does not complain about anything on car rides. I don't like the fact that the cup holder isn't removable, but that is minor compared to the features of this seat. I love the high slots it has so that my son can stay in the harness for longer. I love that it's a great seat at a great price. It was hard trying to find it since it's not readily available, but once it became available online I got it right away. I love it and would buy it again if I had to.A Must have for tall children
I literally love this carseat! My 3 year old is a rather big boy 41 lbs 41 inches tall. And in this car seat he has plenty room to grow. Loves being able to stash his stuff in the little side compartments and is comfortable. I love it because i can it is protecting my son. It's very heavy like 25 lbs when it's buckled up right it dont wobble around like some do. I can honestly say I'm beyond glad I spent the extra money for this seat and I recommend it to anyone!Love!!!
I searched and searched for an affordable booster with a harness that went up to 65 pounds and here it is! My son is 2 1/2 and had to give up his britax to his baby brother so we decided to get something that he could use until he is our of a carseat. The quality and features of this carseat exceeded my expectations and I am very happy with my purchase. I would highly recommend this item. I ordered it online as I could not find one locally. It took forever but it was well worth it!Love it! Better thank I expected!
This car seat is great I was looking for something that would grow with my tall lean child and this is it. It allows me to keep my son in a 5 pt harness up to 65 lbs as well and keep him safer. I LOVE this CARSEAT.Never buy another car seat again
We bought this seat to use in our daughters grandparents car. We have been rather impressed by the features and design of the seat. The adjustable seat moves smooth, the cushiond straps make twisting almost impossible, our daughter loves the cup holder. We also own 2 Britax seats for our cars and this seat is comparable to them. And it is wonderful to spend $150.00 for 1 seat and years of use than it is to have to buy 3 seats over a few years. Highly recommend this product.A great car seat, booster
I have a 3 year old daughter who is coming up on 40lbs and have been searching for a new car seat for a few months now. Needless to say I found it! My daughter fits very comfortably in this seat,and she loves it too. I like the five point harness that is good up to 65lbs, the adjustable head rest and the fact that it can be used as a high back or backless booster all the way up to 100lbs! And I'm very happy that this is the last seat I'll need to buy. Takes only minutes to assemble and all for 149.00! a great buy. Only 1 minor inconvieniance, the arm rests and cup holder are a little tall to lift your child over but they'll be climbing in on their own soon anyways. Excellent product.excellent
As a Mother of two toddlers my requirement for a car seat are: safety, ease of use, price, reliability, size, color and longevity (not in any order). This car seat covers all basis.
I love the fact that it is a 3 in 1 and will last me until my kids are out of a car seat altogether. I need 4 car seats (2 in each car) and therefore price is a big factor as I cannot afford 4 Britax (even on clearance). It was super easy to install. I only wish Graco will bring out the tan colored one for my car (not currently on the market).Great buy
This is a great carseat! I love the fact that it is a 5 point harness and that my daughter will fit in that until she is 65 lbs. I also love that it then converts to a belt postioning booster. This should be the last carseat that we ever have to purchase for her. It was very easy to install in my Dodge Grand Caravan. I did find the fastening of the harness straps a bit tricky but I think that is just because we are not use to them. I love this seat and strongly recommend it to anyone looking for a carseat for and older child who still needs to be fastened in with harness straps.Great Carseat for the Price
This is very good design incorporating forward facing and booster seats. It does give enhanced head and leg support. My baby likes it a lot.

I like if it had reclining feature like a similar Graco forward facing child seat.A very ergonomic product
The Graco Nautilus has an amazing harness that I know keeps my son Caleb safe while in my car, not to mention how good it seats him so that he can also enjoy the ride and view. Great cubby holes for toys, pacifiers, etc. It is just all around a really great car seat. I would recommend it to anyone!Our Graco NAUTILUS(Bravo)
This is a great car seat. My son absolutely loves it. Even when it's not in the car he just enjoys sitting in it to watch t.v. or read a book. Was a little confusing at first to install but once we got it right it's a breeze to use now. Would definitely recommend this product.Awsome product!
My daughter-in-law and son researched this car seat and found it to have excellent reviews, I purchased it for them online, It is everything they thought it would be.. Their son will never need another car seat.My Grandson loves it
This product is heavy, but I wanted something heavy duty to protect my kids. I bought one for each of my two sons. It was the only car seat that I could find with a five point harness all the way up to 65 lbs. Converting it to a booster or high back booster is easy also. I think this is a must have for parents who want the best protection for their kids. It is a bit difficult to switch the seat into other cars, but in my opinion a little work is worth keeping my kids safe.Very safe
I recently purchased this car seat because my son was much too long for the others & still too small (weight wise) for a booster seat. This seems to be the best fit & will continue to grow with him! As we've only had it a few weeks (and we've need to adjust his seat for his height twice!) I'm quite pleased with the purchase. As for durability and ease of use, I can not be completely honest because it has not been long enough to see if it will keep up with our hectic schedule, but it secures my son greatly and that's what it's all about anyway...keeping little man (or woman) safe!Last Car Seat - we shall see!
I have two kids and two nieces...needless to say we've tried a carseat or two. This one hands down is the best one yet! And the price is way lower than it should be for such a wonderful seat. This is going to be my #1 recommendation to all expectant mothers! I put it together and installed it while my husband was out of town, so if I could do it and do it right it is 100% a keeper. Way to go Graco, you hit the mark on this one.The best seat ever!
My daughter-in-law need a car seat for my grandson and she did most of the research, however prior to making any commitment, I read what this product had to offer, what convinced me is that this product grows with your child and in spite of the price, I still think it was great value for the dollar. It's a great investment for what really matter and that's the safety of your child and in my case, my grandson.Baby Safety First
We bought this for our 2 yr old who weighs 30#. He fits amazingly well in it and it is so much more comfy than the one we had previously. Easy to set up and we love how easy it is to loosen and tighten the straps (which was nearly impossible with the one we had before). We ended up liking it so much we bought the exact same one for our other car. My favorite feature is being able to have the 5 point harness on it up to 65#. We plan to use this restraint for as long as possible since it is the safest method.Excellent value
This is our 2nd Nautilus. We bought the other about 6 years ago for our eldest son and it's great. The new one is basically the same although the expiration is out further--which is good since it's already 2 years old. Bought this year, 2015, but it's manufactured date is May 2013.2nd Nautilus
I LOVE this Carseat! My son fits perfectly in it! He's 2 1/2 years old, and he's had this seat for about a year and a half now, and he absolutely loves it! I have NO complaints about it what so ever! I also have a 10 month old daughter that im going to purchase this same carseat for in the daisy print when she's ready to upgrade to a convertible carseat =) I DEFINITELY recommend this seat to anyone looking to purchase a convertible seat. Safety is my #1 concern with my children, and it is so SAFE!!LOOOOVVVVEEE IT!!!
My 2yr old son seems very pleased with this car seat. He falls asleep in it quite frequently, so it must be comfortable. I love that it has a cup holder. I just wish there were cup holders on both arms of the seat. It looks nice and sporty and feels very solid.Very Happy
This exact same carseat (just in a different color) is sold at other stores for about $20-40 more.. Highly recommend!! I love that it has the cup holder and side cubbies that you can put toys in or sunglasses. My 2 2/1 year old daughter had an accident in the seat and everything came off with no problem for washing. Only complaint I have is that I wish Graco would make another notch for the strap in between the legs to go out further but I've read all the reviews and it seems to be a going theme with all carseat manufacturers which makes me think it has something to do with a safety issue and the straps having the ability to be too loose. Just speculation but those are my assumptions. It doesn't pinch my daughters legs and she doesn't have to sit on the strap (like some other reviewers on Amazon have mentioned) but I'll be interested to see how long we can go in the 5 point harness before we have to convert due to these issues..Happy about Cheaper Price
My daughter is very tall for her age so she is too young for a booster, but to tall for a normal harness seat. This product fits her wonderfully with plenty of growing room, I have already told all of my friends about itI love this seat
We bought this car seat for my son in January and we love it. He's a big child for his age (just turned 3 and is 3'2" and weighs 75 lbs). The harness fits even though he's big and he loves it, I guess it's nice to fit in a regular car seat with out the harness being so tight. And I love that a reclines a bit so his head doesn't have to be flopping everywhere. At first we did have a minor problem with the buckle, it was getting stuck at times, but I called GRACO and they immediately sent me a new harness and buckle. It was well worth the money and will definitely be buying another for our younger son when he outgrows his car seat. The only problem that is a bit heavy to move from car to car but I guess for safety reasons it's better.Perfect for a Bigger than Normal Tot
Great car seat. One month into it, so far so good. Easy to put together. Ordered online for store pick up, was straight forward. Walmart should consider having the pick up at the front of the storeGreat car seat
I new it was the right purchase when my son giggled all the way down the driveway!!! Easy to install (latch system), love that it will be the only seat we have to purchase until he outgrows his booster.Wonderful Carseat
After reviewing many 3in1 carseats. This one was by far the best one, in options, dollar value and safety.Great car seat
I absolutely love this carseat! It's very durable, easy to clean, quality is great, awesome features and my children seem to be very safe in it! We take a lot of road trips, so I wanted to make sure that my girls were safe and cozy for the ride. They love to ride in their new seats, even for 14 hour road trips! I love this carseat so much that I have bought one for all three of my children. This is a MUST BUY!Love It!
We just purchased 3 of these wonderful carseats. We love them. They are so easy to put together and to install in the car. All 3 of my kids love them. Infact when we first got them they all sat and watched tv in them. My little one is wanting one as well. We have traveled and they love the cupholder. And they looked very comfortable sleeping in them. And they love the little storage area to hide things in.awesome car seat for the price
This carseat is great so far! My son was growing out of his infant seat faster than my daughter was growing into a booster seat, so this is perfect!What We Needed
I love this product because my baby looks so comfortable sitting on this seat. It's 3 in 1 so you can keep using this seat until he's maybe 6~7 years old. I love the color and the cup holder, too.Practical
my little granddaughter travels happy and very comfortable on his throne :)Fantastic!
I got this for my small almost 4yr old and he loves it. I love the fact that he can stay in the harness till 65lbs. I also love the price. I have 2 of the britex regent for my older children but the price on them are very high. I would recomment this seat to anyone for the comfort, price and able to have the child in a 5pt. harness then move them to a booster seat. This seat is also very easy to strap in, mine is not moving even 1/2in.A great seat
I actually have 2 of these car seats. My son just LOVE IT! The first one I got as a gift from my parents. My husband love it first. Then my son. We drove across country from PA to Nebraska with my parents. They had another type of car seat. All the way there, my son did nothing but scream. So I decided to go to Walmart and pick up another one just like this for their car. Our trip home, he was calm and watched his DVD's. BEST RIDE EVER! I love the fact that it is 3 in 1 and it supports his head at all times. Best seat you will ever buy!LOVE IT!!
We have four different car seats and this one is by far the best. The easiest to install securely using the car seat hooks to the anchors in the car. The straps are easy to adjust and easy to clip.Best Car Seat
I really like the age and weight range of this car seat. My 15 mth old granddaughter sits up higher with this car seat. Loves looking out the windows. But only buy it online. $20 cheaper in my area and ships to your house for free. I definitely recommend this carseat. My son and daughter are also buying one for their cars too.Great Car Seat
I bought this for my 3 1/2 year old son. I absolutely love it. He naps comfortably in it. It was easy to install. There is plenty of room for him to grow in it. It has a cup holder that actually works and he can store his cars in the cubby's under the armrest. It is very easy to adjust the straps. I have 4 kids and I have gone through several car seats/boosters and this is by far my favorite!Absolutely love it!
Everything about this seat is awsome. My son loves it, I love that it will be able to harness him up to 65 lbs. and he has plenty of room to grow height-wise as well. It really is the last seat you need once your child is forward facing.fantastic carseat
Great product. Wish that they had this around sooner. Love the fact that it has a 5-point harness up to 60lbs. Truly a car seat that you can use from age 1 to 9 years. Easy set-up and installation. Great overall price and quality that is unquestioned. Only wish it were easier to buy, seems like a hot item.Best Car-Seat Ever made!
This is the greatest value. I bought this car seat and two days later I was rear-ended by someone pretty hard. My daughter was just fine. This car seat is not only safe and reliable but it's easy to use and install. A GREAT VALUE!!! I bought the exact smae one the day after the accident. (you can't use it again once it's in a accident)Best Money I ever spent
This is by far the best car seat I have ever bought! I have owned three car seats and this is the first one that I have completely put together and installed by myself! I am going to buy another one when my baby gets older. I love it!!!The Best Car Seat I Ever Bought
This car seat has been well worth the money. Our son was in between a booster and a harness car seat. This was a perfect buy because now we don't have to buy another seat for him. This seat will grow with him until he's ready to be out of a seat. It was so easy to set up and install. He really likes it and is much more comfortable. We definetly recommend this seat.Well worth the money
I love this seat! It looks so nice with the colors and its look, and it works the exact same as my baby seat did, so it's not hard to get used to it. My son looks so comfortable in it! And the cup holder is perfect for his sippy cup! I love Graco, and this seat is the best in the collection in my opinion!Great Buy
Very easy to assemble, storage for small toys and candy, water cup holder makes the wee ones want to drink! This seat has a solid feel about it. My daughter loves it and it should last her for many years. It has just survived about 5 flights and over 10,000 miles of air travel. Recommend the JL Childress - Ultimate Padded Car Seat Travel Bag also from Walmart.Great Value, Exceeds Expectations
This is a great carseat. I have only been using it for 3 weeks with my 1 year old, but so far I have been extremely satisifed. It is very easy to get the child in and out and the buckles are easy to manage. I would recommend this product.Love this item!!
I LOVE this seat. We bought it for my 2 1/2 year old and just love it! He seems really comfortable in it and the cup holder is great. I would HIGHLY recommend this seat!Great Seat
I've now had my car seat for a little over 2 months. We bought another car seat after we got a new vehicle and would need another seat...
and i can honeslty say, i wish i would've never bought the first one i did...there isn't anything wrong with it and we payed pretty close in price as this car seat...
i just LOVE LOVE LOVE this one...
its very compact for the features that it does. i love the built in cup holder (my other one is a detachable one) i love how easy it is to loosen/tighten the belt once its on. i love the colors. i love that it will be the last car seat i will have to buy for my vehicle. i love the affordability. and i love it that my son loves it!!!Doesn't get any better!
Even though I have 3 kids I spent hours shopping the stores looking at tons of car seats. I was never fully satisfied with my others. I was suprised to find so many cheaply made, some didn't even have foam behind the cloth cover. This one is superman tough. Has great cloth padding cover, but also padding and foam behind the cover. Cloth pad protection for the shoulders and between the legs so no rub from the straps or burn from the fasteners after baking all day in the sun, both of which I have had problems with before. There are lots of prints to choose from, even cute girly ones. This has everything you need in a car seat and can use up to 100 lbs.Great Product
I purchased this car seat for my 1 year old son. So far I have been very pleased with the car seat. It is very cushy, looks good, and seems to be very safe. The car seat is a little heavy, but it seems very stable. If you have a small car I would not reccomend this. I have a honda odessy and fits perfect in the seat. Overall I love the look and the quality of the seat.Graco Car Seat....
I purchased this product for my one year old because it was time to switch from the rear-facing seat. I read all the reviews before I made my decision and this one had the best reviews. This carseat was really easy to assemble and put in the car. My daughter likes the cupholder and the little places to stash toys. I like that the straps are adjustable without taking the seat out. Whenever she wears a bulky coat, I don't have to "straightjacket" her in, I can adjust the straps for more room. When she gets taller, I'll have to take it out and move the staps up but they adjust for what she wears and that's cool.A Great Carseat!
Easy to assemble out of the box. Plenty of lateral support. Stylish and ergonomic piece. Very happy with this seat.Quality item at a fair price
I think this product is great and my grand daughter loves it and so do I. My daughter also loves it to she is the one that purchased it and it is easy to put together and easy to strap her in the seat an we love the part that it is a 3 in 1 so we can use it when she gets older to and dont have to go out and buy another one cause these are not cheap to keep buying.Graco
I have a 50lb, 2 1/2 year old. He had totally outgrown his car seat that suppose to be up to 100 lbs. This car seat is perfect for him, and I love that the 5 point safety harness can be worn up to 65lbs. My big boy now rides like a king. And he loves it!!Super!!
This is a great car seat. It is well made, there for it is a little heavy. My son loves it cause it sits him up higher than his other car seat and he loves the cup holder. It is an exceptional car seat and worth the money. It will last any child a long time due to the options.GREAT!!!!
We bought this carseat to compliment one we received as a gift (so we would not have to switch the one we had already between cars). We are using it in the forward facing mode, and found it easy to install. The seat is nicely made, very well padded, and a little more compact in the cupholder area compared to the one we already had. We are very satisfied with the purchase and would recommend it to anyone looking for the next step in carseats.Great carseat
We were looking for a high quality seat to replace our infant carrier (Graco SafeSeat). It was relatively easy to install and use because it was similiar to the SafeSeat we had been using. We liked the padding of this seat, hopefully to make our daughter as comfortable as possible on long trips to see family. The conversion of this seat as she grows will definately make it cheaper than others when you consider you dont have to buy another seat for many years. I love the color-hides juice spills well. This was definately the best product we could find in our area. We are highly satisfied with this purchase.Staying with Graco...
Weve only had this carseat for about a week now, but so far, so good. It doesnt come fully put together, but it was very easy to do, not difficult at all. This is our second carseat, for my husband's truck. The seat we primarily use is a Britax (in my car).
Looking back, I wish I wouldnt have wasted money on convertible carseats. I would have gotten a graco saferide seat (goes to 30 lbs) then straight to this one. Forget all that facing a big seat backwards. This seat reclines, but very little, that is something to consider if your child sleeps a lot in the car.Happy with this carseat.
I love this seat and more importantly my 2 1/2 year old daughter does too! We have had it for around a year and it fits snug as a bug in the back seat of my Mustang. I had read a review where it didn't fit in an Accord and I would think the back seat in an Accord would be larger than that of my car so I'm not sure what happened there...but if you have a small car, don't be afraid to purchase this seat.Fits in a Mustang!
I LOVE this car seat! very roomy,secure and washes easily We'll be buying one for my daughter as well.Great Carseat!!
Very sturdy and safe.
Very versatile.
She loves to ride in it.Carseat
We purchased two of these for our twin boys that just turned one. These seat seem to have everything you need. They will grow with the boys as they get older.
As I was assebling the seats, I took note of how well they were built. They had foam in the right places. The seat covers easily come off for cleaning.
All in all I say this is a great product.Good design and versatil
We purchased this carseat to replace the seat that was in my husband's car during an accident. (DS not in car and DH just fine)
The car is a Saturn Sedan without LATCH. The seat easily installed in the rear seat with the seatbelt. Before I installed the seat in the Saturn I also tried the seat in my Honda Pilot with the LATCH system. It is heaven! I found it very easy to secure the seat so that it does not move in either vehicle.
Come fall I will replace his Britax Decathlon with the Nautilus in the Honda.Great everyday carseat
This car seat is great! When I put my little one in there I know that he is secure and protected. The 65lb harness is excellent and I plan on using it until he is 65lbs. My son loves this car seat he gets in with no problem, plays in it and falls asleep when he's all done. The car seat is a bit heavy but hey I like a good work out!Worth the weight
I love this seat, it was a bit difficult to get in but well worth the struggle. My son was thrilled with the cup holder.Great seat
I love this car seat. Honestly when you factor in how many seats you go threw this is a huge money saver. My son thinks its really awesome. The little cubbies on the sides and the built in cup holder are total life savers for not falling off. He's 3 1/2 and said it is was more comfortable than his other seat. He loves to get in and get buckled. It has very good ratings also. I am so happy with this product that I am buying a second one in pink for our baby on the way....once she is big enough of course.LOVE IT!!
I bought this for my granddaughter and she much prefers this one to the other one that we use. She does not try to get out of this carseat and does not complain when we put her in it.Good Value Product
I purchased this for my 3 y.o. I have a Britax that her little sister took over. I was looking for something that can be used for a long time. It harnesses to 65 lbs. Then, the harness can be taken off, or the back removed, until 100 lbs. It also has an adjustable headpiece. It was very easy to install, although it is quite heavy. However, the multiple uses makes it an excellent value you just can't pass up. I highly recommend it.Awesome!
This is a very nice durable seat. My daugther absolutely loves it and can easily reach the cup holder. According to the picture, the seat is suppose to have a handle at the top but it does NOT. The seat is heavy and has to be removed frequently from my car becuase I carpool to work during the week and my carpoolers are a little on the heavy side. Therefore, I'm a little dissapointed that the handle isn't at the top, but most seats don't have this feature anyway. I really like that it's a three in one seat. BTW...my daugther's head does not fall forward every time (when she does sleep in the car) and I keep a shirt or blanket in the car just in case.Good seat - not acurate picture
I bought this seat for my Grandson, Caleb. His parents report that it is outstanding and will last longer than it takes for Caleb to grow out of it. It will be usable for a long time though, because it converts to a seat for those past toddler stage. Highly recommended!Excellent Value
Finally.....a car seat that has everything I was looking for. As a loyal Graco customer and after searching for months for the right car seat for my boys, this is the ONE! Not only does it have the much sought after 5-point harness but can be converted into a backless booster when the boys are ready. Compared to the much pricier brands such as Britax and Recaro, this seat has it ALL. A good looking seat, functional, and most importantly, the safety features I've been searching for-such as the 5-point harness which is labeled to hold children up to 65 lbs. a must-have in my household. The seat has an adjustable (up and down) headrest which is amply padded as well as armrests that have an integrated cup holder as well as side pockets to hold all those important toys to keep little hands occupied in the car ride. The seat comes in a longer narrow box and it requires little assembly but took my husband and I no more than 10 minutes to snap all the pieces together. Once the first one was up and running, the other one took us 2 minutes. The seatbelts seem to be a bit heavier-duty which was my major complaint previously about these seats, but time will tell. The buckle has a new release button which assists in preventing the little ones from pressing themselves. So far, I'm impressed with all the features except for the fact that the armrests just snap into place and if leaned on, will just pop out of place, but easily pops back - it's just a bit inconvenient to have to remember not to lean on them while reaching across the seat to say, the other child. Graco is calling it "the last car seat you'll need to buy." Suffice it to say, this seat is a winner!Finally!
Can't say enough good things about this seat! Slightly difficult to put together, but WELL worth it! The most inexpensive seat I found with the 65lb harness! Fabulous features- a cupholder, easy to use buckles my son can do himself, hidden cubby holes in the armrests- GENIUS!!! Very comfortable for my 4 year old son. I will be buying more of these seats as my children outgrow there other seats. Wish this had been available when my kids outgrew their infant seats so I wouldn't have wasted money on much less impressive seats that now have to be replaced!!!
BUY THIS SEAT! YOU'LL LOVE IT!!!LOVE IT!  BEST SEAT EVER!!!
This is the seat I will recommend to all the other toddler moms out there. It was simple to put together & is very sturdy & safe! My 23 month old loves the little hidden cubbies in each armrest and the cupholder is big enough to hold wider based cups. I love the idea that I never have to spend $ on another seat. Ever! The only thing I would change is to make the armrests flip up for easier entry. But he's getting big enough to start climbing in himself soon anyway... Definately the best seat on the market!!Love it, Love it, Love it!!!
Awesome car seat, very safe, easy to install, my child is happy when he trave, please buy it.Awesome
I bought this car seat for my son and I couldn't be happier. It's compact so it fits nicely in my car and it was super easy to install. It's durable and it meets all my needs and expectations. I bought a different car seat for my husband and I am considering replacing it with this one.

I highly recommend this car seat!Great Car Seat!
This product was easy to put together but it is heavy. I like that I do not need to buy another car seat because it will grow with my son. By the time that the seat and the booster expires, my son will be able to use the vehicle's seat belt.This will be your last car seat/booster
I absolutely love this carseat. It has so many features and is extremely durable! I looked at so many and finally decided on this one. I made the right choice!Love this carseat!
I purchased this carseat after my son was beginning to outgrow his other convertable carseat. I really wish we had found this one first & just went straight from his infant carrier to this because we LOVE this carseat! I really like how it grows with your child. It is heavy but very easy to install once you get it in. I also love how easily the padding comes off & on if it needs to be washed. My mother-in-law bought one for her car & I just recommended it to my sister. The only thing I wish it did was the arms would fold up in order to get in the car easier. But that is a minor issue & my son is now old enough to hop in it himself anyway.Great carseat!
When our 1-year-old son FINALLY hit 20 pounds, we looked for a seat that would accommodate him for the long haul - literally and figuratively! This seat does it all. It's fairly light for as large as it is. It also has the recline feature, which is great for when he falls asleep on a long drive. The only things I'd change about this seat is that I'd add another small compartment for storing "stuff," though what's there is adequate for now, and I'd lighten the color of the fabric - black and graphite get SO hot!
Anyone who is looking for a seat that will serve a multitude of purposes (from 20 lbs in a harness to 100 lbs and a seat belt) will LOVE this one! It's terrific, the price was absolutely right, and we couldn't be happier!Awesome Booster!
We bought this for our 3yo who does not meet the requirements for a booster. This is great and we love that it is the last seat we will ever buy. We bought 2 more for our 13 month old twins.Love this seat!
We got this for our almost 4 yr old when she got too tall for her convertable seat. We first tried a booster seat only to find we couldn't use it with a lap belt in our older model truck, so we returned it and got this one. We really needed it to be something that could go in all the vehicles we own and this was the best choice by far. YES, it works with a lap belt, it's easy to install, and adjust. The weight limits are clearly marked so if it gets put into someones' car that doesn't know the latest car seat things to look out for, it clearly spells it out for them. It's very comfortable for our Princess-and-the-pea daughter we have and even has cubbys for all the gear she insists is necessary to roll out of the driveway with.
We will definitely be getting this for our #2 Princess-and-the-pea when she gets too big for her baby car seat.The last car seat you will need.
THE ITEM IS WELL WORTH THE COST. I FEEL MONEY IS NO OPTION OR SHOULD I SAY COST WHEN IT COMES TO SAFETY OF MY GRANDSON.EXCELLENT
Only negative to this great seat is the weight - it weighs a ton! We LOVE everything else about it!!!!Awesome Car Seat!
Chest clips can be difficult to engage / disengage, otherwise a great seat.Great seat, except chest clips.
I bought this for my 4-year-old son who is too wiggly for a booster but has outgrown his convertible seat. The Nautilus is very sturdy, easy to install, and comfortable for my son to ride in on long trips. He loves the "secret" compartments for his toys and the cup holder. I'm grateful I can keep him harnessed a bit longer and this will convert to a booster when he's ready. This is a great seat that's worth the money!As good as they say!
I love this carseat. My daughter has been using this carseat for almost a month. She seems really comfortable. It is very roomy & easy to put together. We are getting another for our other car.HOORAY!
For those of you who have a convertible (car not car seat) with a lap belt only and you have an older toddler who you would like to keep in a 5 point harness a little longer (my son is 3 yrs 8 mo, 38 lbs and 43" tall) this is a great alternative. My other car seat is a Britax Marathon which he has just about outgrown and although this worked fine in the soft top, he sat a little to high for my comfort. The Graco is lower and provides some side protection that the Marathon did not.This works in an 89 Mustang convertible
We got this seat about 2 weeks ago. It has installed snuggly and with ease in the front seat of a Ford Ranger....and in the backseat of my husband's Ford F150.
My almost 3 year old LOVES it! She calls it her "big girl seat". She especially loves the attached cupholder and the 2 little storage cubby holes...she stores small toys in there.
It is easy to put together (does require some assembly). It seems durable...but we have only had it for 2 weeks...so only time will tell with that.
Overall....we love this seat and think it will last many many years!Seems like a great seat!
After weeks of research on different car seats I decided to go with this one. I purchased two of them and I absolutely love them!!!! The kids love them to. I have a 4 and 3 year old and I love the fact that I can still keep them in the 5 point harness for quite a while yet. This car seat seems very sturdy and safe and it was very easy to install.Awesome Car Seat
I heard a lot of great things about this seat from friends. We love it and are going to buy another one for our baby.great seat
Excelent producto, i recomend it, my son is very happyGreat product
I got this booster/car seat for my 3 1/2 year old son that is 40 pounds. I didnt want to risk putting him in a booster seat w/o the straps. He could easily get out of that type of seat when he was mad and didnt want to be in the car...so this chair was perfect. It grows with him. He will use the straps till he is 65 pounds, several more years, then he can use the "big kid booster" up until he is 100 pounds!All you need booster seat
I LOVE this new carseat! It is amazing-- awesome fit, amazing features (harness up to 65lbs!) and really high quality construction. I shopped a lot of different brands (Britax, etc.) before deciding on this. My only regret is that I didn't get it FIRST (when my now 3 year old turned 1!) I feel so good knowing my wiggly 3 year old will be harnessed, instead of "just" secured with the car's seat belt.Awesome quality and fit!
I wish it came assembled, but it wasn't that bad. It's easy to install, it isn't too bulky, and it's a breeze fastening my 18 month old son into it. He's too tall already for the convertible car seats, but I feel like he won't out-grow this one :)

We already owned one, this is the 2nd one we purchased. We love it so much, we got this one for Grandma's car!Love it!
Wish they had this sooner. When my daughter grew out of her car seat my only option was a Compass, which I love. The only thing it didn't have though was the 5 point harness. I wasn't quite ready for her to go to a regular seat belt with her Compass. With my son now grown out of his car seat, the Graco Nautilus allows you to use the 5 point harness up to 65 lbs. I have a large tot, so he needs to remain in the harness a bit longer. It will be a usable car seat until he no longer needs a booster. This is very economical since it allows you to use it for so long with out purchasing several car seats as the child grows. He loves it too!!An excellent choice!!
I have a six year old and a 1yr old. One of the things that I dreaded about having another baby was dealing with carseats. I broke a sweat everytime I had to install one of my daughter's car seats. When I bought this one I thought we were going to have a hard time but it is super easy to install I was done in a couple of minutes. I also like it because when my son falls asleep his head is supported. They are hard to find around where I live. I finally broke down and ordered our second one online for our other car. It is very much worth the money. Also, even though my daughter has her own booster I got her to sit in this one one day and she fits perfect in it and she is a big 6 yr old (70lbs.)easiest to install car seat ever
When I first saw this product, I knew I had to have it. I waited some till more ppl had it so I could read reviews and be sure. WOW, Graco really outdid themselved this time. Just about every baby product I've ever owned was Graco (infant seat, strollers, high chairs, feeding booster seats, potty chairs, pack-n-plays) and I've LOVED every single one so I knew I wouldn't be dissapointed in this one.
We love the high harnessed weight of this (65 lbs), the adjustable head rest (although when sleeping, my son's head still slumps forward some) and the fact that this will be a belt positioning booster in the future...no more seats to buy. My son loves his cup holder (that every cup we've tried so far fits in) and the 2 cubbies for his toys and sunglasses).
I was worried about assembly since I heard stories but I had this snapped together in about 5 minutes. This will be easy for anyone if you just read the manual first. Installation in my '07 Chrylser Town & Country in the middle row captain's chair was just as easy, this seat isn't moving AT ALL. The arm rests haven't budged at all either.
This was bought for my almost 3 yr old who at last measure was 34lbs, 39" with a torso height of 14 3/4", and what a PERFECT fit this seat is. I was waiting till his birthday to get it but I got it on sale here for $127 with FREE shipping with site to store, what a GREAT idea that was.
Overall, I'm THRILLED with the seat and recommended it every chance I get.Graco Outdid themselves!
After many days of research for my 20lbs. 14mos. old, I ended up with the Graco because of several reasons:
#1 being safety and I think Graco has a good line of safe products from the infant car seats on up.
#2 price because after looking at other more expensive brands up to more than $300, this is the best value for money
#3 ease of use and long lasting, this was a cinch to install being that our Honda Pilot has LATCH connectors, and belive me, according to the baby safty website, the middle is the safest location and it only took me 10mins to install but I took longer to make all the adjustments such as tightening the install belts and adjusting the 5 point harness.
#4 which may be the 2nd important is the baby test, my little girl who can not last longer than 30mins in a rear facing seat has fallen asleep in this seat which is a big surprise, the fabric is soft and decent cushion and I think it is easy to take off to wash too.
The only thing that I would suggest is to Scotchguard the fabric before install, it will help keeping the dirt off longer. May be a better recline position and the sticky rubberized armrest is a magnet for greasy fingers and crumbs. I also wish the headrest sides can adjust to hug the baby's head better in case of a crash.
Other than that, I would highly recommend.excellent seat
This seat is really easy to install. I love that it has a cup holder as well as two storage "cubby" holes under each arm rest. I put an extra pacifier and toys in the storage space. It saves room and mess! My son can reach them to play with very easily. Very easy to get him in and out of the car seat. He seems to love it and so do we. I wouldn't want any other car seat!Excellent Buy, Highly Recommended!!!
I purchased this car seat for my 32 month old son. He absolutely loves it. His favorite part is the built in cup holder. I love that is has the wrap around head rest for safety. Also that the back comes off to make a standard booster seat for when he is older------I will never have to buy another seat for him- Yay for mommy!Love it!
We chose this car seat based on it's safety reviews. We've owned many Graco car seats and they've all been very high quality. Our son is 4 and 40 lb. but we were not ready for him to be out of a 5 point harness. This goes to 65 lb. which means he'll be safer for longer. We love it! He calls it his race car seat because of the colors. It's durable, easy to put together and install and the cup holder in the arm rest is a great feature. We liked it so much we bought the pink one for our 2 year old daughter!Love it!
Graco made excellent car seat.....thanks to my wife becoz she did lot of research on car seats and finally end up with this. I can say only one thing if you purchase this one thats it, you do not want rethink about car seat.One for all ages
I researched online, consumer reports and asked many other moms which carseat they recommended and many mentioned the Britax Regent and the Graco Nautilus. The Britax is double the price of the Graco and has the same features. Offers the same 5 pt. harness needed to protect children and prevent them from ejecting in case of a crash. I am very very happy to have my 2yr old in this car seat It gives me peace of mind to know he's in one of the safest car seats available and he will use it with the 5 pt harness up until he weighs 65 lbs to keep him safe in the car. Then he can simply use the booster seat until he weighs 100 lbs. This is a great car seat and I recommend everyone to buy this one after your baby no longer fits in the infant car seat. No need for a 'transitional' up-to-40 lbs carseat.You'll only need this carseat.
I liked the car seat so much I own two.Great Car Seat
We love the price, the safety, the ease of use! This is a great seat for a older Toddler. I would not put a very little one in this seat as in is a big seat. We have our 4 year old 50lb and 49" tall son in this. He was in a Britax Boulavard but we passed that to his one year old sister when she outgrew her infant seat. We hands down will not put our son in a booster without being 5point harnessed. This was a great choice without spending the BRITAX price for a Regent. He loves it and the cubbies. It is also so much easier to move from car to car than the Boulavard is. We have never used Latch on this because he is so heavy. We use the seatbelt and the Teether strap to secure the the car. We really like it!This is a GREAT carseat :-)
I am so happy I took the time to shop around and look at different car seats. This has exceeded all expectations I had. I own a 2-door Honda Civic and it fits perfectly in it. My son ALWAYS has a smile on his face because he feels like such a big boy, facing forward. He also loves the cup holder.
I am a first time mother and I made mistakes by thinking the more money it is, the better the product. That is not the case.!
This car seat is incredible and has an unbeatable price.THE BEST CAR SEAT!!
Great,quality,safe car seat. The price can't be beat and the shipping was very quick. I bought the same chair for my 2 year old and I love it. It does take up a lot of room in the back especially if you have 2 little ones. I wish this seat would come with no cup holders that's would be a great space saver. But this product is a great oneGreat
I got this for my daughter because I wanted to buy 1 seat and not have to buy 2 more later on...this one is great. I read the reviews and looked at more expensive ones...this one is great because of all the great support and padding...it's way easy to install has a recline feature and a cupholder...you don't know how important a cup holder is until you don't have one let me tell ya and the majority of expesive car seats DON'T have them. The price is great and I'm buying a second one for my parents car!BEST CARSEAT!
Great product, easy to assemble and install. This seat is very versatile as it claims. We feel this is the last car seat we will need to buy. Kids love the cup holder and I love less mess in my car :). Price was very reasonable, I have recommended it to friends and family.Great Product
This car seat meets all my expectations and the manner in which it supports the child's head is far better than the earlier models of this same car seat.
I have an older granddaughter and her car seat does not support her head when and if she falls asleep while riding in the car. I wish more car seats had a means to support the child's head while they sleep and ride.
This model cup holder is much improved.
The instructions for setting up the seat were confusing to me and I had to have my son-in-law give me a hand.Graco Nautilus 3-1 car seat
I love this car seat and better yet my grandson loves it. I have been looking for a car seat that is comfortable for him and also safe. This seat is both. Now when he falls asleep in the car his head is no longer "bobbing" back and forth. I love the fact that he can use this until he's 100lbs. My grandson loves the cup holder. Now he thinks every time we go somewhere he needs to bring his cup, lol. I would recommend this seat to any and everyone!.Love this Car Seat!!
Excellent booster seat! Just purchased a second one for my #2 toddler.Would buy again and again and again...
Of the three car seats we have had to buy so far for our daughter, this is the best one. It is very easy to get her in and out of compared to the Britax Blvd we have in my wife's car and we don't have to fight her as much to get her in it. Our daughter seems to be very comfortable in the Nautilus. The only thing I didn't like was the pictures on how to secure it in the vehicle in the owner's manual. I thought they were misleading and not very easy to understand, but that may have just been me. I would recommend this seat to other parents.Great Car Seat
I love this car seat! I bought two of them for my 3 and 4 year old children, and couldn't ask for a better car seat!

I was a little concerned with some of the reviews saying that the straps weren't long enough, until I realized that the people writing those reviews said they weren't long enough if the child has their winter jacket on- which they aren't supposed to wear in a car seat since the jacket can compress and make the straps more loose than when the child was buckled in.

My son is tall for his age at 4, and will still have tons of room to grow in it!Awesome Car seat!
Love this seat so much we ordered a second one. It's great that the 5 point harness goes to 65 pounds. My child is only 3 and I wasn't ready to move her to a shoulder harness which is the next step with most other 5 point harness seats. She can also get herself into this seat on her own - bonus!Awesome Seat
My 3 year old DS grew out of his convertible seat, so the search started for a new chair. I like this seat because it will essentially be the last seat that he will need. It was easy to put together and he loves it!!Great value!
i ordered 3 of these for my boys. walmart shipped them quickly and i couldnt wait to open them and use them.
they go together very easily,they are heavy but they fit 3 across and i feel so much safer with my boys riding in these .
my 4 year old loves it cause he can see out the window now and it looks like a big boy seat.
cleaning it is easy i use a damp cloth and just wipe it clean.
would definately recommend to anyone looking for a safe affordable seat.love this seat!!!!!
I had wanted this car seat for the longest for my son. But the draw back it had was it was not rear facing. I was so looking forward to buying it when my little one turned one.

This seat is not too big. Fits great in the car & my baby looks comfy & seems to like it. Especially now that he is finally forward facing. It was easy to install with no problems. I like the built in cup holder instead of having the pull out types. This seat also had good reviews which I base my decisions on when it comes to buying sertain things for the kids.
The price on here could not be beat .

The only complaint I have is that in the picture the seat looks a little lighter than the actual product once it arrived. But in a way I am glad because it will get it's share of spills. I learned that with my 1st child especially when itr's a seat that you will be using for some time.Love this seat!!!
We purchased this car seat for our 4 year old son because of the safety ratings. He loves it - very comfortable and he likes using the built-in cup holder and the cubby holes in the seat for his stuff. With the store pickup option and WalMart's great price, we were able to get it the same day!Comfortable and Functional!
This carseat is fantastic, and I am so pleased with my purchase. I actually bought two, one for each car, and they are great. Easy to assemble, easy to adjust, looks great, and super easy to use. Also the built in cup holder is very nice. They material is very nice also.LOVE THIS SEAT!
We bought this carseat when my son outgrew his infant carseat. We have had great luck with Graco products (crib, carseat, stroller, pack n play, etc.) so after reading the reviews, this purchase was a no-brainer! This carseat is very sturdy and seems very comfortable for our little guy. I really like that this carseat will grow with him, as it turns into a booster seat and will accommodate him until he weighs 100 pounds! My husband really likes that it's able to recline so his head doesn't fall forward when he falls asleep :) This carseat uses the LATCH anchors rather than a seatbelt which seems safer, but it is harder to move from one car to another. The only complaint I have about this seat is that the shoulder harnesses get twisted very often; I find myself fixing this at least once a week. Overall, I feel very confident that this is a very safe carseat and would highly recommend it.Sturdy and comfortable
I did a lot of research online and talked to a lot of friends and family members about their likes and dislikes about their front facing seats and narrowed it down to this one. My daughter just turned 1 and is 22lbs, she had out grown her infant seat and after checking with our dr and the car seat installers I was given the A-OK to change the seat over, my girlfriend also put her daughter in the same seat at one and 20lbs. My daughter loves this seat! She is so happy being forward facing and even though we had it installed for us it was easy to learn how to do if I ever need to move it. It is so easy to put her in and out and the head/neck support allows her to sleep and not slouch forward. The cup holder is great for her water or a little toy. If your looking for a "big girl/boy seat" look no more! Oh and the best part.. I priced this seat everywhere and found that Walmart offered it for more than $40 less (even with shipping costs) than Babies-r-us or Target!!!AWESOME! and a steal at that!
I bought this seat a year ago and am back to buy another one for our other car. I searched high and low for a seat that could accomodate my BIG boy. At 2 1/2 my son was 35 lbs which is close to the maximum weight limit for most harness car seats. I researched online and found this seat. A 3in1 seat that my son could stay in until 65 lbs AND that converts to a booster seat after that? I had to give it a shot and I am glad that I did. My son loves this seat and especailly likes the little cubby holes on the side. He usually stashes his cars in here. My son is now 3 1/2 and weighs 40 lbs. I have no question that the harnesses will fit him until 65 lbs. He is pretty tall and the adjustable headrest on the seat is great. This seat is normally used in our Toyota Camry and I can get it in and out of the back seat very easily. The downsides to this seat? Well there are a couple, but they simply don't outweight the pros and the safety this seat provides. But I will list them here so you can decide for yourself. The seat is heavy. You'll have to use a little muscle if you have to transfer between cars or leave it at the sitters each day. Also, the seat does have an incline, but I've found that it is very minimal and my son's head falls forward when he falls asleep in the car. I usually just tuck something underneath his head to solve that problem. Hope this information helps you in your car seat hunt.Great seat at an even better price!!
Product is sturdy, seems easy to clean (very important), was easy to set up and can grow with my son until he does not need a car seat anymore. So, this was the last car seat I will be buying and it had to do the job well and last. I bought this because I was impressed with this seat after a friend bought one. This same seat costs almost $50 more from everyone else. Its not the cheapest seat but its not the most expensive one either. The less expensive seats seemed not as sturdy and lacked the cup holder feature which really comes in handy for bottles and sippy cups. But the more expensive models had the same features but just cost more.

In my opinion this was the best bang for the buck.

Recommend removing the extra seat pad unless your child is tiny.Great seat!
I helped my sister buy a new seat for her daughter when she was 2. She will be 4 in October and still loves her seat. There was a short time when her seat had gotten dirty so she was using a back up booster (no harness) and was thrilled when I got her seat all washed and re installed. She is able to climb in her self and buckle/unbuckle as well. She would not be able to buckle herself into a booster with a seat belt. Yes it is heavy but that is because it has a steel frame and not just plastic. Make sure you are aware that the directions say that at and above a certain weight limit you canNOT use the latch and have to use the seatbelt to install it.Graco Nautilus
Not sure if the ease of setup is easy or not because I haven't used this seat yet.

As far as the safety I am greatly confident. I watch the show Jon and Kate Plus 8 and had noticed they have the same car seats for all their children. At this point of seeing it on T.V. I was already going to make this purchase, but seeing that they had it made me go ahead and get it more. Kate on the show is very picky so I know if this seat was good for her kids then it was a good seat for my child. Another great thing when purchasing this seat was the ratings.

I like the cup holder feature and the stylish look to it. I am not sure how nice it will be for a long ride since some people said it did not recline that much in which is doesn't since I had checked that out, but with some neck rests added onto the straps I am sure sleeping in it on a long trip will be fine.

GREAT BUY...and GREAT PRICE FOR SUCH AN AWESOME SEAT!GREAT BUY and GREAT PRICE FOR SUCH AN AWESOME SEAT
we bought this seat for my 2 1/2 year old. who is now 3 1/2. It is still in excellent condition. It is fairly easy to loosen. We just lift the piece that locks the belt on the front, hold it, and pull the restraints out. Works like a charm. Some car seats are so difficult to loosen and tighten. Not this one. My son loves it. And does not mind being "restrained" in this seat. It was a little difficult to put together and know for sure that you got it right. But we went over it a few times to make sure. And it's lasted this long. My son also loves the little holders on the inside. He puts his car toys in it. And knows exactly where they are when he needs them. This is a great car seat.a great seat
I purchased this carseat for my son when he was ready to change over from the backward facing seat to the "big boy" seat. I was so impressed with how well it was made and how secure it fit in my car that I purchased another one for my 3 year old. LOVE this carseat and the price was very good for the quality of the merchandise.A very secure purchase
Love this seat! love the fact that my child can stay in a 5 point harness untill 65lbs. the seat is a big large and would not take it on an airplane trip that is the only down fall. i am going to buy another one for my other toddler as soon as she is over 40lbs. Very easy to set up and my daughter loves it.awesome carseat
I just had this seat few days and I must say, it's the most practical seat I've had. It is really easy to setup, I mean unless this is your absolute 1st then you might take time to get it going. Otherwise it's a piece of cake. My son is so comfortable in it. He's going to turn 3 in February, other convertible seat we've had (Evenflo Triumph DLX) was good but although he's not even close to 40lbs, we were unable to buckle him in properly. This seat is going to last a long time for sure. I strongly recommend it, you won't need any other seat... ever again.The most practical seat I've used so far
Super easy to put in. My husband usually has to do it because I don't have the strength to tighten the latch belt, and with this one even I can do it. If she falls asleep her head doesn't bob forward, but stays back. The attached cup holder is perfect and the steel frame make mer feel she is extra safe. She is VERY tall and she still has several notches to go and I will never have to buy her another car sear. I plan on buying one for my infant when he is ready.Love It!!!
I absolutely would recommend you buy this car seat. It is the last one you will ever need! I bought this one for myself, and his Grammy was jealous! So then I bought her one too! Huge value for the money. The set up was easy! Very attractive car seat as well! All of the other convertable car seats looked like they were from the 80's! Your baby will look so "in style" in his/her little seat! Style means a lot to this mother of one! Nothing but the best for my little one!!!!LOVE IT
Graco is the same brand we used for our intial car seat carrier that went up to 22lbs. We purchased this seat after his 1st Birthday. These prices are better than what the brand offers on it's site as well as better than on babys r us site. We will not have to buy another seat ever. Only drawback is that his head bobs forward. I believe you can purchase strap pads or something to help with this. Overall Very Satisfied(I have been courting this carseat for more than a month in my walmart.com shopping cart!) LOVE the COLORS! Great for a Boy and Less Cleaning!Best Functionality Best Product
We were really excited to see this product for less than babies r us! We really liked the cupholder as part of the armrest vs sticking out of the side.
This looks like we can use it for a very long time, ie baby toddler and booster for later. It is slender enough so that the big kids around her aren't smooshed into the door!! Very ergonomic for the price.nice cupholder
I love my purchase..bought this product for my 2 yr old son..he likes his car seat...only thing I dnt like is that its really hard to buckle...you have to have strength....overall great and safe....great
Our grandson loves riding in this carseat. It fits him great and the cup holder is perfect for his sippy cup.Great Carseat
I bought this seat for my 4 year old son to replace his expiring convertible seat. He loves this seat and is very comfortable in it. We take several long car trips per year and he never complains about being in his seat. He loves the cubby holes and the cup holders!

My favorite features of the seat are the ease of installation, the padding on the staps, including the buckle strap, and the fact that it can be used as a high back booster and then a backless booster in the future. My son is now getting ready to turn 5 in a couple of weeks and is not yet 40lbs so he still has quite some time until he reaches the harnessed weight limit of the seat. Harnessing for as long as possible, to the weight and height limit of the seat, is the safest way for children to ride in a vehicle.

Just as a caution to parents, this seat is a forward facing ONLY seat. Your child should stay rear facing for as long as possible, to the limits of their convertible seat (usually 30-35lbs) because it's the safest position for all children, not just infants! Also, read the manual that comes with your seat and take advantage of free child seat inspections in your area. They are invaluable!Great seat, great value
Not only is this one of the best car seats on the market but WalMart made buying it online very easy and the shipping to the intended recipent was not only inexpensive but also arrived quickly.

Thank You WalMart.First Rate Car Seat
This seat may be more expensive than some seats out there, but it is very much worth it. It offers the nice look and comfort of a Britax without spending $300! Ordered online from Walmart, got it SUPER fast even with $.97 shipping. Was able to open boxes, put together and get into car by myself. The manual was easy to read and the whole process went smoothly. My girls love it. The cup holder and little cubbies on the side offer them places to put toys and drinks and snacks. The straps are easy to use, my 3rd old is able to snap everything together by herself. When tightened the straps are just where they should be, they don't rub against the neck or squish legs. The seat is so adjustable I can see us using them for years to come. My oldest daughter is quite tall and the strap adjustments and ability to move up the head rest is going to allow her to stay in a 5-point harness so much longer. Only complaint I could possibly make is the headrest goes up so high I can't see out my back window...and that is a small price to pay for their safety! And the fact that it changes into a backless booster is way cool as well!LOVE IT!
we bought this for our oldest (who is about to be 3). she absolutely loves it. her favorite part is that she can buckle herself in all by herself. this seat is exactly what we were looking for. she was riding in another convertible carseat, but she was getting a little to tall for it, plus we are about to move our youngest daughter into the other one. i highly recommend this seat!!big girl seat
I purchased this carseat 5 days ago and had it shipped to my office. I just recieved it and I went install in, it was a snap! I purchased because of all the great reviews. I didnt touch the instructions because installation is the same as every other car seat in the world. I used both the should strap seat belt and the latch system in my small SUV and that sucker isn't moving!!! I cant wait to get off work to put my 16 month old 26lb little boy in it! It is so comfy looking, I know he will love it. Thanks for writing reviews, it helps other when looking to buy!!!Amazing seat!
This was a wonderful product. From the ease of ordering online, to the virtually nonexistent shipping fee, the expedient shipping time, low price, and great value. I've appreciated the superior quality of this product and it's usefulness in fitting our family's needs.Great product
Every Graco item I've owned has been awesome (excluding the Duo Glide double stroller- it squeaked since day one- very annoying). I had a Graco infant snug ride car seat for my second child that was better than the infant seat I used with my first child, so Graco was the only brand I even considered once my son was too big for his convertible car seat (Evenflo Titan- good, but only up to 40 lbs.). I was concerned about putting my 3 year old in a booster seat that had no 5 point harness, he hadn't reached the 40 lbs. weight limit on his Titan, but his shoulders were past the highest shoulder belt hole (he's very tall for 3 years old..), so it was no longer safe. I still hadn't got him a booster because having no 5 point harness worried me even more than the fact he was a little too tall for the one he already had. Graco introduced this seat in the nick of time, I bought one as soon as I knew it was available and I only paid the 97 cent shipping (awesome!) and I got it within a week and assembled it (you have to loop the straps obviously...) and installed it into may car in about 10 minutes flat. It has a rock solid installation in my mini van, and my son loves his "big boy" booster. My daughter will be getting the daisy pink nautilus once she's too big for her Titan (I had them both in a Titan) in about 5 or 6 months. The head rest is the best part (other than the 5 point harness until 65 lbs.), it fits around his head perfectly, I feel if we were ever in an accident he would be in the safest seat on the market. I highly recommend this seat! Thanks Graco!Graco has done it again!
This was an amazing car seat we reviewed prices and others reviews on every car seat out there and this is the one we chose it had some reviews like babies heads flopping but we figured we'd try it worst case return it if we werent satisfied. We Used it for our 8 month old and he loved it slept comfortably in it and his head didnt flop at all, and for this great price i cant complain...The memory foam is very comfy too!Best Value!
This car seat is just what I was looking for. My daughter loves it, and I love it. I feel so safe knowing that she is riding in it. I wish all of my children were using this carseat.Exactly what I wanted
I would recommend this car seat for a child. it is what I expected Really nicecar seat
I have a 7 year old and a 4 year old. They both have the Nautilus Booster. I have always been carseat conscience. When they reached the 40lb mark (in their old carseats) and the 5-point harness no longer would keep them safe, I started to worry. It is difficult to find a product that meets all that the Nautilus offers: 65lb 5-point harness, built in cup holders, LATCH, 3-in-1, and on and on . I was so thankful that Graco had an affordable product that was safe, comfortable and durable that could grow with my children. They especially love the cup holder and "secret" cubbies to keep their little toys and treasures in. I love it because it keeps them safe and comfortable! :) I hope that you enjoy and love it too.A great valued product!
I'm a Britax Marathon user...but needed 2 extra carseats for our kids in our 2nd vehicle...tired of switching them around. Britax is too much to buy 2 extra ones so I got these based on other reviews. I thought it was sorta difficult to set up....but now that I got the hang of it...it's easier. Seems durable and my kids seem comfortable in them....the kids are 2 1/2 and 13 months! I can't seem to get the bottom seat cover off...the cover comes off in sections....I don't know if it's just really hard to get off or it just doesn't come off. And I don't like the elastic things that come through it to keep the seat cover on. I like the Britax where it just wraps around and stays on. But..for as much as we'll use these..I shouldn't have to wash them too much. Happy with them though!Like it
This is hands down the best car seat i have ever bought!.
Fit easily in my small SUV and civic. Very sturdy, and well made.
easy to set up!
So hard to find 65 pound weight limit for a five point harness!!
I love, love, love this seat!The Best!!
After searching and searching for the right car seat, I decided on this one. I am so happy with it and Walmart.com had the lowest price I could find for the Nautilus. (Even cheaper than the store). The only drawback is that it is a bit heavy and bulky to carry around if need be, but I mainly keep it in one vehicle, so that really doesn't matter to me.

I love it and so does my daughter.What I was hoping for
I have had the car seat for a month now and I love it! It was really easy to put together, it installed in my car easily and my child loves to sit in it. I love how tight I can get the harness strap. I had my police friend come and look at it and he said it was a great car seat! I am very happy!Better than I could have asked for
I bought two of these one for my 3 year old, one for my 2 year old. They're "chunky" seats but in my jeep they both fit fine! They are very comfortable and you can visually tell how safe they are. Everything adjusts to kids size! I'm mostly happy to find a seat that my children can use up until they won't need a cars eat anymore. Trust me, the price fits the product. Worth every cent.Great seats!
I researched this car seat with Consumer Reports to ensure I was getting the best product for my kids. This booster seat was rated very highly, so from there I looked for the best price possible. Walmart had not only the lowest price, but also free/fast shipping (via Fedex) to my home. I am very happy with my shopping experience and feel secure that my kids will be very safe in my car.

PS. The instructions were pretty simple after re-reading them four times and car installation was a snap as I have the anchor/tether system in my MDX. And it's super heavy, watch your back!great deal
I needed a new car seat for my son who is 3 years old. He isn't old enough yet to move to the next stage so I still needed the true car seat. I looked at many different ones and found this to be one that can transition with him. He absolutely loves the carseat. My previous one was the Britax Marathon which is great but this one seems so much roomier. My little boy loves the cup holder & getting in this car seat. Definitely recommend!!! 5 stars!!!Awesome Carseat
we've only had this for a month or 2, but our 9 month old son loves it! He can fall asleep in it and his head doesn't bobble around too much. We have another rear facing seat but he hates those, so my gf has to switch the seat out from car to car, which is also very easy.(seats not too heavy)You can adjust the straps from a lever in the front, which is also alot easier than those rear facing seats AND ITS GOT A CUP HOLDER!.... get it.So far, SO good
I purchased this seat for my son when he turned two, and he loves it. It must be comfortable, because he almost always falls asleep in the car as soon as he gets in. It also offers alot of support for his head compared to most seats. He can finally sleep without his head flopping all over the place. Buy it while it lasts.Excellant, & comfy seat!!!!
This is a great product. You really get your money's worth out of this carseat. My son is 3 1/2 and he thinks he is the coolest kid because of the easy to reach cup holder, not to mention the two little cubbies where he can store his little toys and reach them himself. Those are both a plus for me also. This carseat seems to be really sturdy and comfortable (awake or napping). The only con to this carseat would be weight. It is not an ideal carseat to move from vehicle to vehicle. VERY HEAVY for a carseat. But great to leave in same vehicle. LOVE IT and so does my son!!:)A Gret Product
I researched carseats for a month before choosing this one. I am so happy this is the one I picked. My son seems very comfortable and more importantly, he seems safe. If I absolutely had to have a complaint, it would be that it's kind of heavy. It's definitely not the kind of carseat you want to transfer from vehicle to vehicle on a daily basis. Other than that, it's fantastic. You can't beat a 3-in-1 for this kind of price.Great product for the money
I ordered two of these car seats based on a recommendation. My son had outgrown his harness in the other car seat. I didn't feel that he was ready to sit in a booster seat with just a seatbelt. He will be turning four this month. I like that the harness goes to 65 lbs. It gives us more options. We received this car seat and my son was happy that it had a cup holder made into seat. He loves it. I love the features and it seems like it is made very good.Son Loves this carseat
I did a lot of research before purchasing this seat. My son (currently age 5) has a long torso, but is thin, so he has always outgrown carseats by height before he was anywhere close to the weight limit. (The child is too tall for the carseat when their head is within one inch of the top of the carseat shell.) This seat has one of the highest top harness slot heights of any seat on the market. I also like that it harnesses to 65 pounds (with the petite nature of my son, he should be able to remain harnessed for several more years).

This seat does not rear face, therefore it is not suitable for children age 2 or younger, who should remain rear facing as long as possible to protect their delicate head, neck and spine.

A prior review mentioned that the straps on this seat did not accommodate a bulky winter coat. This is not a flaw - they're not supposed to accommodate a bulky winter coat because it is very dangerous to wear winter coats under carseat straps - this can allow a child to slip through the straps and be ejected from the seat. The straps on this seat are plenty long enough to accommodate a child when used properly. Once in the car, the coat should be remove and after the child is secured in this seat, they may then be covered with blankets or their coat can be put on backwards over their arms.

This is a great seat that will allow the child to remain harnessed and safe for longer than most carseats and the price is very reasonable. Love the built in cupholder and the little secret cubbies in the armrests. Love the EPS foam for head protection and the very sturdy, durable feel of this seat.Excellent carseat!
This seat looks just as good as the picture. It was very easy to set up. I think it only took my husband five minutes to latch it in. And my daughter just loves it.Great Product!!!
I have had my oldest (6 years) in this car seat since he was about 4 1/2 years old. I love that it has the 5pt harness. He loves it as well. He can buckle and unbuckle himself into and out of this seat easily. He loves the little cubby holes within the inside of the seat. He likes the drink holder too.

It's beyond easy to install as well!

We also have our 2 year old in one. He sits very comfortably and likes the seat as well.Love this car seat
We bought two car seats (1 for each car), mainly because of the great reviews on multiple websites. This car seat has not let us down. I've had to take it out and put it back in a couple of times and was able to do so with no problems. Our son loves it, and we have smaller cars, so no issues there. The only problem, if you really put the seat in really secure to your car, then it doesn't really recline (can't because the seat is there).Great car seat
I purchased this seat as a backup seat for our two-door vehicle. My 3-year-old son still sits rear-facing for optimum safety in our four-door car, but a seat will not fit rear-facing (at least not a seat that will accommodate a 3-year-old) in the two-door car, so this looked like a nice option for forward-facing and I have heard great things about it.

I loved the seat from the moment I took it out of the box and put it together. It is a sturdy seat (aside from the armrests which feel a tad loose to me). I love that it harnesses to 65 lbs and has a shell that can be increased in height to accommodate a growing child (many child safety seats are not tall enough-the child outgrows the seat by height long before weight). I also love the red roller bar in the back that allows the harness to be tightened with buttery smoothness. The only thing that would make this seat perfect would be a non-thread harness. The seat installed rock solid with a lap belt and tether.

I wish Graco would make a version of this seat for rear-facing (I realize they have the My Ride that rear faces to 40 lbs, but that seat is not tall enough for my son at this point).

We will not be using booster mode for quite awhile, but it's a nice feature for an older child.Great Seat for the Money
I got this car seat last April for my 18 month old baby, and so far I love it as well as he does. Not only that is easy to install is also easy to clean and very safe. I would very much recomended to any one who is safety concern.Great buy
As lame as it is I'm so excited to have these car seats. So far I haven't found any seats that hold up to the wear and tear of kids. But this car seat is sturdy, nice, comfortable for the girls and fits nicely in my small suv. A lot roomier than the convertibles I had before. Easy to install. I paid $1 for shipping and they arrived the next day. Faster than ordering them with site to store. I definitely think the extra features and safety are worth the price.AWESOME CAR SEAT
After looking at a million different sites to find the right seat for my son after his 1st birthday, we kept seeing this particular model with extremely high ratings. I even texted a friend who said she had gotten this same one and loved it. So we went to a local store to test it out in person. We were so impressed with the durability, comfort level and overall quality of this car seat. Not only is it sturdy, but it has just the right amount of features! No unnecessary things hanging off of it or getting int he way. I absolutely love it. We bought two of these, one for each car, and I couldn't be happier. He is safely strapped in and I feel good knowing that he's in a a quality car seat. The fabric is easy to clean and if you secure it just right, this seat doesn't move once latched in! The price can't be beat and you really do get your money's worth with how long this car seat lasts with it's multi-use.

I'd very highly recommend this car seat to any parent looking for a new seat once their child is 1 and can face forward - remember, this is NOT a rear facing car seat.Great Product - Highly Recommended!
We were using a hand-me-down carseat for our almost 2 year old granddaughter...it had seen better days, and she did not "yike"(like) it. So, Nonna got her a new one, and she thinks she is so big. The other one was Graco and still functional, but the new one sits up higher and has a cup holder...WOW! She yikes it!!!She loves it
I'll just start out by saying that I LOVE this car seat. I had bought a Cosco Scenera convertible seat for my daughter, originally, because she got to be a year old and grew out of her infant seat. I did not like that seat at all. My sister has two of these seats for her boys, and I put my daughter in one while I took a ride with her somewhere, and I loved the seat automatically. So when I could, I bought this seat, and immediately, I felt better knowing that my daughter was safer in this seat than the other one, and I absolutely love the fact that this seat will grow with her and I won't have to buy another one. I would most definitely recommend this seat to any parent! :)Awesome car seat!
I already have one of these carseats and I am about to purchase another for my husband's truck. It is great and my son loves the cup holder. We go to the beach a lot and ofcourse there is always sand in it. Just the other day, I took it apart outside and sprayed it down with the water hose and wash the interior lining in the washing machine. The carseat and the lining looks brand new! BUT...My friends and I think you almost need a Harvard Degree to put it back together when you take it apart to wash it. But other than that...I LOVE IT!!A GREAT PRODUCT
I have owned this car seat for about a year. It is definitely sturdy, and I love that it is a 65lb harness so my son can have this seat as long as he requires one and it turns into a booster which is great too. The material always comes clean when I wash it and my son is only 2 so he is good at making it dirty. It is pretty big and heavy but it fits awesome in the seat it doesn't move at all and I have a tiny little 2 door. I plan on buying the pink one for my daughter. Hope this helps. =)Best Car Seat Ever!!!
Had one for the past year and just purchased a second. Needed another because we had another baby. I've checked them all out - by far the best. Wal Mart is the cheapest place for this product. Having it shipped to your house is actually cheaper then buying it in the store - atleast in NJ.Excellent
Very pleased with purchase. I had already done a lot of research on car seats and knew this was the model I wanted. It installs great in my car and my son loves the cup holder and side pockets for his "stuff". I'm happy to know that this will be the last car seat I'll buy.Great seat
I really enjoy my car seat and so does my 17mth old little boy. His other car seat was involved in a car accident so I bought this one b/c I love that it turns into a booster w/ and w/o a back. My son absolutely loves his seat especially the cup holder which is great for his cups and/or snacks. I was scared to purchase this seat originally b/c I read other reviews saying that the crotch strap was too tight and uncomfortable. My boy fits in his chair just fine and even as he grows it will grow with him. If I had to repurchase a car seat I would buy this one again.works for me
I was looking for a carseat that wouldn't break my bank. This seat fit the bill. My son loves it, and always is ready to go for a ride. He even seems to be able to sleep comfortably in it without his head bobbing around like crazy. I put it in my honda and it fits like a charm, even leaving enough room for a booster seat for big brother and big sister sits in the middle, only a little squished, not too bad. I plan on getting another one in a different color for daddys truck. Thanks Graco!Love this carseat!
We researched a lot of car seats before deciding on this one. We even went to Babies-R-Us and sat our one year old son in the different seats to see how well he fit!

Our son does not sleep in the car, so he loves the fact that he is sitting up (rather than reclined) and is able to look forward and look out of the windows! I noticed other reviews with pictures of children sleeping in it though and they still looked comfortable. It is roomy and seems very comfortable.

Adjusting the straps could not be any easier! That is a wonderful feature!!

I assembled the car seat with a one year old crawling all over me and it was so easy. I also thought it was super easy to put in the car.

Walmart sold this product online for about $50 cheaper than Babies-R-Us!!!Love it!
Great car seat, easy to use, my girl is 28 lbs, this goes from car seat to booster, up to 100 lbs, so this should be 2nd and last car seat I need to buy.Graco - Nautilus 3-in-1
Our grand daughter loves her new seat. And, afterall, she is the AUTHORITY. Had to read the instructions several times to understand what I was supposed to be doing, but am very happy with the product and the delivery was very fast. The mere fact it can handle children up to 100 pounds is a real PLUS !Grand daughter approved
we like it & will recommend it to our friends...
ASTIG!!! : )Nice product
This is the best car seat out there compare to the high end brand like Britax, which cost around $300+. It's very nice looking, sturdy, comfortable, and durable. The best investment I've ever made for my son's safety.AWESOMELY PERFECT =)
I researched lots and lots of car seats and this is the one I ended up purchasing. I love it! And so does my daughter! It was a little more money than some other ones, but it will grow with her as she gets bigger. We don't have a lot of room for tons of clutter so it's nice for it to all be in one. The price was the best at Walmart than any where else I searched. I love the durable cup holder. My daughter is one and I'm sure she'll love the cubby holes when she gets older. She hated her other seat and cried when she got in it, but hasn't since she's been sitting in this one. WE LOVE IT!LOVE THIS!
Bought this for grandson. I checked reviews on this & also was a best seller.Very pleased with this carseat.Graco Nautilus Car seat
This product is awesome! I am thrilled to have it. The mere fact that I can keep my 27-mth old son in a 5-pt harness until he is 65 lbs just makes me giddy! I know he is safer and that puts me at ease. The pad can be removed, but nice because it is water proof type and helps especially during the potty training period without having to take all apart and clean - do admit it takes up a lot of the "strap" but once he is fully potty trained it will be put away for safe keeping. My son finds it very "comfy". It is a bit hard to get into since the sides do not fold down/in but if you want you can pull them for easier get in for those w/smaller cars and then just re-snap in place. I also like the center snap area. Has a piece of material so you are sure not to pinch tiny legs in any way. The top of the head rests moves up and down w/the size of the child and it is so easy to do; one handed, if you want.

Thus far very pleased w/this product.

I do wish ALL CAR BOOSTERS would be this way (5-pt harness until 65 lbs). They need to start thinking safety 1st for our children (Just because a child is old/big doesn't mean they are mature enough to have just shoulder strap on; many children unlock seatbelts while parents are driving and do not understand why it is so bad, so I find this car booster the best option)

.. As a parent I want my son to be best protected while in a vehicle and I find having him in a 5-pt harness until 65 lbs the way to goSAFETY, SAFETY, SAFETY
we had to replace our two car seats when we were in a car accident. i had heard such great reviews about this seat and was interested in the extended 5-point harness. i bought one for my 3 1/2 year old and loved it so much that i got one for my 2 year old too! i haven't found anything i don't like about it! the kids love the cup holders and little compartments for their sunglasses, snacks and small toys. after being in an accident in which my children were completely fine, i knew i wanted to keep them in the 5-point harness as long as possible, and the kids have lots of room to grow in this seat!high quality seat for great price!
I purchased this seat because my 2 year old was to small for a booster seat. With him only weighing 25 lbs. I needed a seat that would last. He fits so perfectly in the seat! We loved it so much we bought our oldest son one too! I am hoping that in the future they make a style for little girls so I can buy my 3 month old daughter one.Great Product!
This is a great seat. I got it for my 3 year old when he outgrew his old seat and love it. He is very comfortable in it and loves it too. He likes that the armrests have a place to put toys and things. It was very easy to install and set up. We drove out of state last week to visit some family. We were in the car for 10 hours and my little guy didn't complain about being in his seat at all. With his old seat it would be a fight to get him back in the car after just a couple hours of driving, with this one he was happy to get back into his seat. I'm very happy with it.A great seat
I LOVE this car seat! My 3 year old grew out of his other convertible seat and this one has higher limits and fits so nicely in every car we've put it in!! Definately looking forward to buying my daughter one soon!!!AWESOME!!
This seat is very comfortable for our 3 year old and will easily grow with him until he no longer needs a car seat/booster. It was easy to put together and install.Great seat!
I bought this seat about 3 weeks ago. I am very pleased with it. Set up was easy, its fits nicely in my van. I was alittle suprised at the size I thought it would be a bit bigger. My daughter fits in it comfortable, with plenty of room to grow (she is a 5 years old) Defianantly worth the money!!!Great seat
Love it and so does my little girl. The last car seat you will ever need to buy since it converts.The Last Car Seat You Will Ever Have To Buy
This product was so easy to set-up and my daughter loves it! Normally I would wait for my husband to put things together but I braved the task and it was much easier than I expected. My daughter sits much more comfortably now and is therefore much more pleasant when I have a day full of errands to run. Often times she just goes to sleep since her new seat fits her like a glove. I also love that I don't need to buy any more car seats or booster seats for her. I love the cup holder as well!EXCELLENT ACROSS THE BOARD
This has been our fifth car seat. I wish I had it from the beginning. I love how it covers all the different stages so you do not have to keep buy different seats as your child grows. And the bonus is that my 19 month old loves sitting in it. It was very easy to install and fits great in my vehicle. The only downfall is the plain color option. I have a little girl, so it would have been great to have different color or pattern options.Great Product!
This carseat is soooo much easier to install between LATCH accessible cars (which I hate to change for safety concerns). My husband was thrilled with the ease of installation. Drew loves the little compartments to stock his toys and the drink holder. I still want to convince my husband to get a second one so there are no changes and for when we have another...in case it isn't around. I don't think it will take much convincing. The fact that it is so diverse in accepting a multitude of weights in a variety of ways to use it is spectacular!love it!
Excellent product and great price. Purchased two for the price of a comparable Britax. Very easy to assemble and install, and our kid loves it.Graco 3-in-1 car seat
I bought this seat for my 3 year old daughter to use after she outgrew the rear-facing limits of her current convertible seat. We love the seat and are very happy with the fact that it will keep her harnessed safely for several years.
I would recommend this seat to anyone who has a child outgrowing the rear-facing limits of their seat! As the American Academy of Pediatrics, SafeKids Worldwide and good child passenger safety technicians recommend, children should be rear-facing as long as possible (30, 33 or 35 lbs depending on the model of seat), and then harnessed as long as possible. The Graco Nautilus will last most children until 6 or 7 in the 5-pt harness, and then converts to a great high-back booster!Great seat!
I just got this car seat today and my son LOVES IT!!!! It took me about 1/2 an hour to get it adjusted to the correct fit for my son, but other than that it was PERFECT!!!! Easy to install in my car with the LATCH system. It is the only car seat I will need, other than an additional one for my other car, as it fits kids up to 100 pounds!!!!!
Great value!!!!! Look no further, you have found the right seat!!!!!!GREAT CAR SEAT
I bought this car seat for my 26 month old and it is fantastic. She originally had a Graco comfort sport which was okay but recently I've felt the padding could be better and that she could use some extra protection around her head. I put this carseat in my car in the parking lot actually because the box wouldn't fit in my trunk and she insisted on sitting in her new carseat. She rode all the way home saying "I dont want that seat" pointing at her old one. The features on it are really nice, lots of padding, protection and shoulder covers etc. It also adjusts so many different ways that they are sure to be comfortable while being protected and safe. I was recently in two car wrecks, the only two of my life and both the other drivers fault. It scared me that no matter how in control I am of my own driving, you can't control somebody else and on both occasions there was nothing I could have done to avoid them hitting me. Her old carseat did a great job and protected her but I feel this one has a lot more extras. The price was a little higher but overall a great deal, especially because it goes up to 100 pounds. She is 2 and her belts are on the lowest setting so she has plenty of room to grow in it and 100 pounds is a pretty long ways away!Fabulous
My daughter outgrew her Britax Boulevard, so as a Britax fan, I was going to purchase the Frontier. I saw the Nautilus at Walmart for a great price, so I thought I would give it a try. I am not disappointed! It is very user friendly, stylish, and has great safety ratings. I have since purchased two, one for each car. My daughter is 40lbs, 43" tall and fits quite comfortably in the Graco, with plenty of space to grow. One of our cars is considered a "mini" and the car seat fits just fine in the back. As a mom concerned about safety, and affordability, I think the Nautilus is a great pic.Safe & User Friendly
I believe this car seat is a great value for it's price. My child loves the car seat.We like it.
Needed to purchase the best car seat I could afford for my 2 yr old granddaughter for frequent drives in my car. Was apprehensive about setup, but it was very easy to set up and lock in place. It fits nicely in my small sedan. The cup holder is a huge hit! She feels very special that I bought a car seat that has a holder just for her sippy cup! It's very comfortable for her and the wraparound pad covering the lock between her legs keeps it from hurting her when she's wearing a dress or shorts. This car seat has extremely safe features - extra padding and it's very very sturdy. This was a solid investment in the safety of my most precious cargo!Perfect for Granddaughter!
I really like this car seat. It was pretty easy to set up and install in my car. My daughter fits in it well. I can see that it will adjut fairly easily as she grows. She is only 14 months old, so we should be able to use this for a really long time. I like the cupholder and the storage areas. I think she will get a lot of use out of those as she gets older. The only thing I wish it had was arm straps that didn't have to be re-threaded to be raised. Some car seats have the shoulde harnesses on a sliding mechanism so they don't have to be undone and rethreaded (which is an annoying hassle). Other than that, I am really happy with this seat.Great booster
My one year old son loves this seat! I love that it will harness up to 65lbs and booster up to 100 lbs. It will last a long time, so it's definitely worth the money. We're getting a second one so we'll have one in both vehicles.EXCELLENT SEAT!!!!
I purchased this car seat for my twins. I have been waiting for them to turn a year old so I could buy this seat. I love that fact that I will not have to buy another car seat for them! I also love the fact that the cup holder is in front of them so I can put three carseat in my car for a future baby!! I read all the reviews for all the car seats and I believe this is the best car seat. You can use it from 20 pounds to 100 pounds, how great is that! And what car seat can you buy that does all of that for this price! This is a must have car seat!Must have car seat!!
love this car seat. finally 1 car seat that does it all (after the child is 1 year old that is.) cubby holes are a very good idea. cup holder in great position. we have three children under the age of three and right now the 4 1/2 and 3 year old love them. highly recommend this and we had britax before!wonderful product!
I have always favored Britax products and was thrilled when I saw this booster which can hold 65 lbs in a 5pt harness. It is very secure and solid and at a much more reasonable price point than the Britax frontier!Fabulous booster - great price!
My son loves his new car seat. It is easy to get him in and out of. He loves the cup holder. My older boys are able to help buckle him in and out-- very easy to adjust.Easy instal. Very easy to get my son in and out of
I bought this for my grandson. I did a lot of research on all car seats and this is the one i chose to buy. I like the seat belt harness and its easy to adjust. He is 20 months old i feel he is safe and secure in it and he will grow into it with all the added features in the car seat. The price is well worth it. I recommend the car seat.Great Buy
This was a very good choice for a main car seat. The buckles were a little stiff at first, but are no longer an issue. It was easy to install, and more importantly, easy to buckle our son into. It reclines, has a cup holder and even has inside pockets. It is quite a bit nicer than the others we looked at in the same price range. I would definitely recommend this car seat.Good car seat choice!
My son loved his new car seat because he feels like a big boy. The quality is excelent much better those graco infant carriers. It was a money well spent.better than expected
Love this so far, and you definitely can't beat WalMart's price. It's very durable, easy to install, and will grow with my child (love the fact it converts to booster, etc). Before this I had the Snugride 32, unique in that it will hold your child until 32 pounds (I think most others are 25). With these two carseats, you won't ever need another.great car seat
My 2 year old is 40 inches tall and this car seat fits her great. And not only is it a harness carseat but it converts into a booster with a back and then just a booster with no back. It grows with the child!!Great for taller children
I now own 4 Graco Nautilus carseats. Two for my car and two for my husbands. My 20 lb 1 year old fits great in it as does my 45 lb 3 year old! We love the cup holder, cubby hole and the color. This is the only seat you need from 20-100 lbs!!!
We highly recommend it.BEST Carseat Ever
This is the best carseat, my son loves it. He looks so safe & comfortable in it. This carseat was around $158 when we purchased it for our son but it's been worth every penny & he's only used it for alittle over a year. We love the fact that it will grow with our son & this is the only carseat we'll ever have to buy for him for my car. He has 2 other brands one for my husbands truck & another for my parents vehicle but they don't even compare to this one. I wish we had invested in 2 more of these for the other 2 vehicles. He falls asleep if we're in the car for more than a few minutes, it's very easy to adjust as he grows & fits him great. I feel like he's as safe as he could ever be in this carseat. I throughly reseach ever major purchase like this & this one had the best reviews & now we know why! Don't waste your money on other brand carseats or on a carseat you just have to replace for each stage your child goes thru this is the perfect carseat from age 1 thru the end of booster seat yrs.Best Carseat
I can't recommend this seat enough. It has all the luxuries of the other "extended rear facing" carseats. I love that we didn't drop another $100+ plus on another 5 point harness (that accomodates a heavier child). Great price, very comfortable, and most of all - my beautiful baby boys are safe!ERF  your children!
This is one of the best carseats I have ever bought. Its alittle pricey, but well worth it. The only thing I would like to point out is that my son is 2 and weighs 38lbs and is 40 inches tall and when he wears his winter coat I have to adjust the straps to the longest that they can go so that he can fit. This just makes me wonder if the seat can really handle up to 65lbs. Other than that this has been a great carseat.Great Carseat!
I chose this seat based on how high the strap slots go. It was highly recommended by friends and had a lot of positive reviews. My only disappointment is that the straps do not seem long enough. My daughter is 2 and I was hoping to use the seat with the 5 point harness for at least 2 more years. I'm concerned that as I move the straps to the higher slots, they won't be long enough to provide the slack needed to get her arms under them. Otherwise, it is a great product. It was easy to install. It is easy to adjust. Other reviews complained about the difficulty of unbuckling, but I appreciate the design because my daughter tries to unbuckle herself as we drive. She is not able to, so that is worth a little more effort on my part, in my opinion.good seat
I bought this car seat for my daughter and I love this one. She fits really well in it, its a good size not huge but pretty big. I feel safe with her in it. And she seems to like it. She had a different cheaper brand car seat before this one and it was not as big or as comfy as this one is. Plus it sits higher so she can see out the window better which she really likes. Shes 21 months and is pretty tall for her age and she fits perfect in it, with room to grow. I highly recommend this one, its Graco and I always love Graco brand things.Another great graco product
My son loves his car seat.An excellent carseat!!!
This is the second Graco-Nautilus seat we've bought (one for each car) for our 2 1/2 year old. We've been through a number of carseats with two children, and Graco is the only brand we've found with user-friendly buckles. Nothing is worse than an impatient toddler and a carseat buckle that doesn't latch and unlatch well. This seat is well-designed and a bargain for the money. Highly recommended.Great value for a safe carseat.
I bought this for my 3 year old son. It wasn't difficult to put together, and easy to install. Like that it converts to a booster seat. It's also comfortable and has a nice cup holder. My son really likes his new seat.Luv the seat
This is a great seat!! Love it. Upgraded from a Graco convertible seat, because my son was getting to big for it.

This seat has the 5 pt harness all the way up to 65lbs! That's great. The backless booster can go up to 100lbs, so this is definitely the last seat we'll ever have to buy for him.

There's a really nice cup holder built in, so we don't have to worry about it falling off like it did on the convertible seat.

Lots of padding and my son says it's very comfortable. When he falls asleep, he can lay his head on either side of the seat and it's like a built in pillow!Graco Booster Seat
This seat is very strong, beautiful and easy installation.Very good Product
We already own a seat like this one and purchased this as a second seat for the grandparents' car. We bought the first seat when our son was 2 and it has worked very well for us. It is very comfortable, easy to adjust the straps, and accommodates his height. He has always been in the 95th percentile for his height and we had a hard time finding a seat that was tall enough and safe for him. I found this safe and affordable seat after much researching. I especially like that the harness can be used for such a long time and that it turns into a booster. Also, it fits well in our small car, a VW Rabbit. We will eventually use this seat for our second son as well. I hope to use these seats until my boys don't need to use one anymore!!great for taller children
My Husband, Son (18 months) and I love the Graco Car Seat. I think that it's great to have the 3-in 1 Multi-Use Car Seat. Really in the end you save money buying this! My Son can put a Toy on the side and, snacks and Drink in the cup holder. He really loves to see the other side now...he can see Daddy drive. It's a great BUY!Great Car Seat!
we bought this car seat for our 3 year old, he is very small (28 lbs) and felt that he is just to small to put into a booster seat even though he is too tall for his graco comfort sport. we wanted to keep him in a 5 point harness as long as possible. he loves this seat! it has storage compartments for him to put his toys in, and a great cup holder that never falls off unlike all the other ones i've seen. he will fit in this seat until he is absolutely out of a booster and all. i think this is an awesome seat! i wished they had it when he was one year old and i would have never bought the comfort sport. great buy and he seems very comfy!awesome seat!
It seems to be very comfortable and I love that it will get a lot of use. Very easy to make adjustments and use.Love it and little one does too!
Neded a new car seat after an auto accident. No question it would be the Graco Nautilus.It's the best!
I purchased this seat for my 32lb. four-year-old AFTER I purchased a high back and backless booster for our vehicles. The third seat was the charm! My little guy would not correctly wear the seatbelt in either of his boosters, so I wanted to find a seat that had the 5pt harness AND would grow with him. I was hesitant to spend the extra money on this seat, but after using it for a few weeks I went on the website and ordered another. The Nautilus is very sturdy (and heavy!), easy to use with the LATCH system, and handy. My son LOVES his water bottle holder because it's the perfect size (unlike his last booster) and he also loves stashing his little toys in the side pockets. I was worried that he would think this was a "baby" seat, but he loves it and would rather ride in this seat over grandma's car seat. I like the small victories.... and the Nautilus has given me a few!

*I should add that I first purchased this IN the store and it was $179.50. I came home and saw it online for $155.50 with $0.99 shipping OR free site-to-store shipping. I had the seat shipped to my house and returned the other to the store to save $20 + !!Worth the money!
First of all, after hearing about the new Graco Nautilus 3-in-1 and seeing the videos online I could not believe how affordable it was! It's under $150 here at walmart. Both of my sisters-in-law recently purchased the Britax car seats for their 1 to 2 year olds. I know they are popular but I don't love the way the Britax car seats look, they are so bulky and really expensive. $300 or more. Anyway, after getting my Nautilus I was in love. It's very sleek, expensive looking and my daughter is extremely comfortable! It is SO sturdy and spacious. It fits in the seat as if it is a part of the car... It's extremely well built and it cleans up beautifully. Best of all, there's no delicate fabric that get's stained or gets lent on it. I am very happy. We are about to purchase another one and so are both grandmothers.it's wonderful
This is a great seat since it will convert to all required stages as our son grows. I have not found it anywhere else for a lower price.Great Seat!
Great grandson had out grown his first car seat, so I went online and did a lot of research on car seats, and this seat had alot of reviews, and very good feedback. My grand daughter has only been using it a little over a month, but so far is very pleased with it.Priced right, great product
I could not recommend a better carseat for a toddler. I purchased this back in December of 2012. I bought a 2013 Nissan Altima and was worried about having my children in a car instead of an SUV. I was just in an accident and totaled my car out a few days ago when a truck smashed into my car. This car seat saved my son's life. He walked away with nothing as I was pinned in the car and could not get out. It might be a little higher in price than other carseats, but it is the only one I would recommend. The carseat did not budge at all and I was told that if it was a cheaper carseat I would have purchased, my son would not be here today.Bought one for my 4 year old
I bought this car seat for my 1 year old son and he looked so comfortable in it that I bought a second one for my 2 year old son when we were out of town. This car seat fits in the car better and does not wiggle around at all. My son was able to practically tip over his other car seat. It is also easy to get they boys buckled in quickly. Very, very happy with this product.Love it!
I was looking at a few different carseats months before I had to actually get one for my son. I decided on this one because it will become beltpositioning and a backless booster as well as the 5point harness part which I am currently using. I love it! I love the color the durability of the fabric. It is a little heavy to carry from car to car so it just stays in one car. and it becomes really secure when you latch it in. The fastening is way easier than the infant carseat I first had and I love how there is a cup holder so I can just put my son's water or juice right there with him so he can get it all by himself. and his head doesn't slump over. There are 3 recline positions and I love the tightening system this has where you just pull the strap at the bottom to make the 5 point harness tight. I would recommend this to anyone!love it.
Installation was easy , and our 1yr old absolutely loves her big girl car seat. Very comfortable and easy to clean. We will never have to buy another car seat.perfect new car seat
Easy to put together and put in the car. Enjoy it so far!!!Easy to assemble
I have purchased this item for both of my children, and I absolutely love it. I was recently in a vehicle accident, my children were not with me, but the seats did not move an inch, when everything else in my Yukon did. The insurance company is provided me with funds to purchase two (2) new car seat (since the others were involved in the accident - safety precautions), and without a doubt I am purchasing this one AGAIN. I don't want to take a chance and purchase a different one, when this one has been so great. HIGHLY, HIGHLY RECOMMEND.HIGHLY RECOMMEND
Best price I've seen for this model anywhere. We have had one of these for a while and it was so great we decided to invest in a second for our other car. It's a nice comfortable fit and provides both the seatbelt option and the 5-point harness option. It adjusts very easily with seatbelt-only usage. With the 5-point system, it requires a bit more time to rethread the belts. The only annoyance is adjusting the bottom buckle. It's an odd place to have to reach and more difficult to adjust. Otherwise it's great. We use the LATCH system to install in the cars. My son stores his toys in the compartments below the armrests and also has his own cupholder for drinks.Great Value!
Great car seat. I bought this for my 13 months old son and he loves this car seat.
Best in Quality and great comfort.

and...
No one can beat walmart in price.Best Car seat in market under 200 range
We bought this seat after an accident, my then 3 year old was in a car seat for her weight and it didn't have a height limit. The straps were under her shoulders causing the buckle from the harness to hit her in the throat! This seat the straps can go up so far I don't foresee that being a problem, plus I never have to buy another seat. So naturally when my youngest turned 1 we purchased a second one. Even though they are heavy to lift they don't take up much room, and they seem to be comfortable. They recline back so the kids can sleep in them easy, and they both love the side pockets for their belongings. It is worth the money not only is it a good quality brand, but you wont have to buy anymore car seats.We love it so much we bought 2!
It has a nice cushion all through, so it gives my little one a comfortable journey. I love the cup holder and the nook under either hand rest. Love this car seat!!Easy installation and very comfortable for my kid
The look in my daughters eyes and the smile on her face when she took her first trip in this car seat was priceless. we love this product!!Love this car seat
Great seat, best I have had with my 4 kids. Easy to move to different cars. It has been installed in a backseat of a Honda Civic, 3rd row of a Suburban, 2nd row captain chair in a Suburban, and a Lexus RX 300 all with great ease and tight! The seat is heavy but don't see how you can get around that with the longevity of this seat!Very easy to adjust and install in different cars!
This carseat is awesome and is totally perfect for my son.(e.g. A very helpful product)
I wanted a car-seat that would make my almost 5 yr old happy and comfortable and that he could undo by himself it works out great now he has a car-seat in our car and his papa's car only down side to it is that it is kinda heavy but over all it is wonderful.4 yr old very happy
My sister and I had girls 5 months apart so needless to say we do everything the same. Even buying car seats. We both have this seat and love them our 2 year olds are very comfortable in them and love the cup holders. I am getting ready to purchase another one for my little girl who will be turning 1 this summer. These are great seats and so worth the money. Handy Tip: don't buy a super cheap car seat because you will hate it. Spend a few extra dollars and you and your children will be much happier. :) Great seat!Great
This was a gift for a 10 month old baby. I wanted to get something that would grow with him. They said he really likes it they feel safe when he is in it.Car seat to grow into
We have a Brittax now car seat, needed to update to booster and use the Brittax for newest grandchild. For the money we are very satisfied. My daughter and son-in-law have it, and so does the paternal grandparents. Assembly was easy and so was the insutlations.Great for price!
I own four of these carseats b/c they are so awesome and a wonderful price. Walmart is the cheapest place for this carseat. My kids love the cup holder and there are cubby holes on the inside of the armrest for them to hide sunglasses or little toys. Easy to remove and clean the cover. Easily adjustable and super safe. This carseat gets great reviews for safety on other websites. You can use either a car seatbelt to hold in place or the latch system. I have both types of vehicles. Two are held in with seatbelts and the other two are held in with latch. The only complaint I have is the dark color gets hot in the summer, but once the air is on they cool down fast. Also, the black will start to fade after a few years, but not noticable until you take the cover off to wash. My 3 year old can buckle herself in, but can not unbuckle b/c the buckles are too tight for her little hands. Overall, excellent purchase!!Wonderful Carseat
I reached several products for months. And this was the only product that I could fing that was a multi purpose product. Not only that it made better than anything I have ever found. Its durable and since my child is a small framed child I needed something that would protect her just incase of an accident. I wasnt gonna take the chance on buy something cheaper. This product is reasonable priced because any other site was over 200.00. I love the cup holder and all the additional things it has. I would tell anyone about this product.. ThanksCARSEAT
This car seat is amazing! I have a 4 1/2 year old & 1 year old. I bought this for my older son, and now that my younger son has turned 1 and hit the 20lb requirement, I am buying the same car seat for him also. I LOVE that the 5-point harness, which is VERY important for child safety, reaches up to 65 lbs. The seat ALSO holds a child up to 100lbs, so my children will be in this car seat until they are no longer in safety seats. This will be the last car seat I ever need to buy for my children, so the value is AMAZING!!!I LOVE THIS CARSEAT!
Very nice comfy my son is almost 2 & he loves it! Just keep in mind this is a very heavy seat so I wouldn't recommend it to someone with weak arms lolLove it!
This car seat is a must if you are on a budget. After the backwards facing carseat, this is the only other carseat you will ever have to buy (up to 100 lbs) - extremely cost efficient.Best value in car seats
We love this seat and so does our daughter. The seat seems very comfortable and safe. It also looks like it was built to last. We are very pleased. The only minor complaint I have is that the instructions to put this thing together were not very well organized. No big deal because it didn't have too many parts to assemble. I would recommend this seat to anyone.Great seat
I liked the seat so much when my wife got one foe her car that I purchased two for my car then two for the in-laws.

It sits well in the back seat and has great protection. It from an infant to child and then to a booster seat. No need to buy 3 seats.

One improvment that they can make would be in the LATCH system. The evenflo seat has a ratchet LATCH system which is easier to install. The reason I chose this seat over the evenflo is the way it converts to the booster.Nice product, easy to assemble, very secure
We got this so our son could stay in a car seat longer and then graduate to a booster with the same seat. This one is nice and tall!Great car seat for many stages
Our 2-year-old loves this seat! She really likes the side storage cubbies and the cup holder. I also like that it comes with harness strap covers already and has a protective guard behind the latch to keep our little one from getting pinched. Very pleased with the purchase and it will last us, since it goes up to a 100 pound booster!Graco Nautilus
I love the flexiblility of this car seat in that it grows with your child. Well worth the money!!! I have just bought one for my 1yr old, and my 5 year old is still using hers!Great product, great price
This is a great car seat for my growing twin grandsons. Features a cup holder and is very easy to use and accommodate! My husband loves that it adapts to the FJ as well as the Prius and gives it 5 thumbs up!awesome
Hi there ! if you are looking for the perfect car seat THIS IS IT ! I love its easy to set-up ,not so easy to take off:-( It is nice and roomy for my 2 year boy. I like that he can reach the cup holder for him to place his sippy cup in (nubby)What I like the best is that the padding is in 3 sections ,1 for the head rest 2 for the back 3 for his buttom. I end-up taking the button part of atleast every other week to wash. Ill be buying my second one for the grandparent this weekend.Love this car seat
It's a very sturdy carseat and my son LOVES the cupholder! He stores his pacifier, snacks, little cars, etc. there when he doesn't have a cup to put there.Nautilus 3-in-1 carseat
My son is 15 months old now, we bought two of these car seats back in Jan. when my son turned 1. We absolutely love these seats and my son loves them too. I would recomend these seat to everyone.Love this seat!!
This is really one of the best car seats in the market. I feel confident sitting my little one in. Also considering the price, this is a best buy.Great Product Amazing Price
I wanted a car seat that is going to be able to grow with my child, but didn't want to pay over $250 bucks for it... then I came across this one... so budget friendly, but such great feel and support, overall great in everything. My son loves this seats.. he sits higher and feels so good in it...LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS!
We picked up a second one after our daughter demanded that both of her car seats have cup holders (how did we survive as kids without a single cup holder?). Easy to install, stays tight against the seat and child, and fits compact rear seats.great car seat
If you are looking for a 5 pt harness for your toddle, this seat is great- goes up to 65 lbs for a front harness, most only go to 40.... It is MUCH cheaper than the BRITAX, and its just such a nice car seat:) I have a tiny volvo, and its a bit big, but a great seat overall:)Great Seat:)
I bought this carseat for my daughter and truly think it is one of the best ones I have looked at. It's well cushioned and very comfortable for her, and you can't beat the price. The ad is true, this is the last carseat your child will need! I couldn't be more pleased and recommend it to everyone I know.Wonderful carseat!
Nice transition for older toddler sits lower to accommodate longer legs.
Comfortable for child.Car seat nice transition for older toddler
I'm in LOVE with this carseat! It's extremely safe and easy to use. Even includes a cupholder! I LOVE IT!BEST CARSEAT EVER BOUGHT!
GREAT car seat, my daughter is really tiny for a 1 1/2yr old but she loves her new car seat, she can now see everything that is going on, it is kinda heavy but to me thats a plus because it wont easly move if I make sharp turns or were to get into an accident, overall amazing car seat.Great Car Seat
I love, love, love this car seat. I am a stickler when I buy seats and research for months before actually making a purchase. This seat was bought for my 2 1/2 year old son and I couldn't be happier. This seat is sturdy and comfortable and holds up well with all of the spills and messes a 2 year old can make! Yes, it is a heavy seat but it's steel reinforced which makes me happy. Installation was very easy. I used the latch system in my car ('05 Equinox) and this seat installs in less than ten minutes and does not budge at all. I can literally brace myself on the edge of the car and use my full weight pulling on the seat and there is not ANY slippage. We have also installed this seat in my husbands '99 Z71 with the lap/shoulder belt and have managed to get a super tight installation. True, it is more difficult when having to use the locking clip but I strongly suggest purchasing a Mighty Tight seat belt ratchet which pulls any extra slack from the seat belt. The only thing I would change about the seat is the fact that you have to re thread the straps by hand and that it is a forward facing seat only. I would love to see this as a convertible car seat especially since the harness is up to 65 pounds. If that was the case I would never buy any other brand of car seat again. This seat is an amazing find for the price, features and length of use! Nice job on this one Graco!Amazing Seat!
It took me a long time to decide on a car seat. I read reviews, a lot of articles on choosing a car seat, compared features, prices, etc. I purchased this one for his features and due to it's multi-use, it will be a long time before my 14 month out grows this. Another reason I choose this seat was due to high number of reviews on this item. This is a awesome car seat. After I got it out of the box, I was really impressed and excited. I drive a 08' Ford Focus, which doesn't have a whole lot of room in the back seat, and this seat fits just great. Our daughter is due to be born in 2 months, and when she's old enough, we will get her one of her own.Love it!
After looking into so many brands/styles of car seats. I'm very happy with this one I bought and I'm buying another one for the grandparents to have.Great car seat-I'm buying another!
Best car seat I've bought so far!!!! Love it . I truly recommend it to anyone looking out for there precious treasure.Not only does it look great it is very safe !!!
Easy to assemble & install. Does everything it claims to do. 18 month old fits cozy & comfy. Typical Graco quality, designed to keep child safe. Cup holder & storage compartments a huge hit with little one.exactly as expected
We just got the Graco Nautilus and love it. I only wish they had this out three years ago when my little one out-grew her infant seat. Walmart had the best price anywhere and you can not beat the 97 cent shipping.Great Car Seat
Really heavy will last I feel.Great Product
Easy to use. Good price. Grows as child does.great buy!
This seat we recently chosen for my husband's car. My daughter is almost 2 and loves it. Hubby had no trouble installing it or taking seating off to wash it due to a "potty accident". Highly recommend.Great seat!
I love this carseat almost as much as my son does. This seat is easy to get in and out of the car yet safe for him to ride in. I feel like this makes riding in the car much easier. I love this carseat.Super Carseat
Love it3 in 1 car seat
I received the car seat two days after it was ordered (well before the 7-9 day estimate). This car seat is very versatile and appears very sturdy. It should last until the child no longer needs a car seat.Great product, rapid delivery
Very sturdy and well made seat. I bought a seat from Costco thinking that I was getting a good deal but didn't realize how easy a car seat should be until I bought this one from Walmart on-line. Very easy to install and straps don't get tangled or turned around unlike the Costco seat. The price was the best I could find anywhere and would highly Recommend to anyone looking for a forward facing seat. Also likes the fact that my child is larger than most his age and I can use the five point seat belt until he is 65lbs.Awesome seat for toddler!
My baby girl loves her new seat, and we all love it. Highly recommend.Great for my 1 yr old girl.
I bought it for my son when he turned 2.5 yrs old. He loves it. I have to buy another one for my car so I can give mine to Grandma. You won't regret it, and if you do you can simply just return it to your local walmart. I grantee you'll and your baby will love it.Great Baby Chair
I bought this item a month ago and it's simply awesome. My son is very comfortable with this seat.Great Car Seat
This was the first seat after our newborn seat and we/baby love it.baby loves it
I buy it about 3 weeks ago, because my son has one years old and he needed a bigger car seat. I'm so happy to buy it because my son is comfortable and safe inside. His head is covert... I recommend Graco car seat for everybody.Very good and very safe, the best.
Very easy to put together and to use.Great Car Seat
Great car seat for our 1 year old. We have the same one for our 5 year old (she now sits in the booster). So far the buckle on this seat has been operating smoothly. We had problems with the buckle sticking on the older version but the new buckles haven't given us a problem. Perfect seat for our growing child!Great all-in-one car seat!
I now own 2 of these car seats & plan on purchasing another one on payday. I just put my 1 yr old in this car seat & my 4 yr old is also in the same seat. Love love love it such a great price tooLove this car seat
I bought this car seat because it has a fantastic safety rating. I also found out it was really easy to put together and install!Easy to assemble and use!
Carseat is great! love it! Baby loves it too!!!Best front face car seat ever! We love it!
I purchased this product through the website. I saw the product in the store but they were out!! So I decided to do site to store shipping thinking it would be fast. It took 3 and a half weeks!!! Well when the car seat finally arrived I knew it was well worth waiting for!! It is durable, comfortable!! and sporty looking...when my two year old saw it he said wow!!! funny I know. GREAT CARSEAT RECCOMEND TO EVERYONE!!! Easy Assembly and Harness is easy to use doesn't get stuck like others one's we've used.Great Buy!!
I bought this toddler car seat for my 3 year old niece. I wasn't ready to have her in just a booster seat yet. I'm very into safety and like that she can continue to be buckled in with the harness system for a while longer. She has nice comfy Britax carseats in her parents and grandparents cars but says mine is her favorite. She doesn't complain when on trips and her head stays comfortable when she falls asleep. She loves the storage pockets on the arm rests and that she has her own cup holder. I love that this carseat will be the last one I have to buy for her and I will be able to use it for my other nieces and nephews as well.Great seat
We had purchased the Britax (299.99) for our daughter once she outgrew the car carrier. Once we turned it to face forward, she was getting too tall too quickly to fit in it, even thought she was 33 inches tall and 25 pounds. Then, we came across the Graco 3-in-1. It is perfect! If we would have seen this before purchasing the Britax, we would have bought this the first time around.
We have since purchased a second Graco 3-in-1 for our son as he'll be one in August. The Graco 3-in-1 will be the last carseat you'll ever need, once your little one faces forward! A definite pleaser in our house! This is just as safe as Britax and uses the latch system in the car, has the 5-point harness system, converts to the seat belt and lastly the booster seat! Perfect for any family or vehicle (we have it installed on a VW Jetta)!Last Carseat You'll Need!
Both my boys have these seats now! Love them. No complaints.Awesome car seat
I love knowing that I can use this car seat for many years and not have
to worry about buying another one as my son ages. The seat wasn't hard
to put into the car. The only thing I didn't like was the fact that the
date at the bottom of the seat says 2014, which would not give me a
full ten years use out of the seat.Great Multiuse Car Seat
I love this seat and it is such a great price. I almost bought the Britax Regent until this became available. I use this for my 4 1/2 year old son - he loves it too. The ONLY thing I would change is the location of the "between the legs" buckle.....you can adjust how close/far away it is from child but it seems just a little too close for a bigger kid. I always have to grab it from under my son's bottom when he gets in. Would be better to have it available in 3 settings - but that is something I will deal with for such a safe carseat! Very easy assembly. I recommend this to everyone.LOVE IT!
I am a major researcher, and the research has been done for you--this is the seat to buy! I wish this seat had been around when I bought my sons first "bigger"carseat. It is so great to be able to keep the safety of a 5 point restraint instead of just using a booster with a seat belt. Though this is a little pricey, it is worth the extra money for the safety. I also have the same seat in the "Babies R Us" version--the fabric is a little nicer/plusher on the trim of that one, but this one was $20 less. At the time of writing this the only other seat with this high of weight limit with the 5 point harness is the Britax and it's HUGE--this is much more compact, but still very roomy.Stop your search--the one to buy!
I did a lot of research before I finally bought this car seat. My daughter was 6 months old when we purchased it and I wish there would have been a sseat like this when my older two were babies.

The only thing I don't like is the flap that always has to be moved out of the way when I strap her in. I used to be bothered by her position when she fell asleep in the seat as her head would fall forward but now she keeps it back.

I like that it can be used as a booster so I don't have to worry about buying another seat later on. If we have another baby in the next year or so, I will be buying another one of these seats. That's how much I love it.Love this car seat!
This is the coolest car seat ever! It was very easy to assemble and install. My Son fits in the perfect. I feel safe with him in it and would recommend it to anyone.Great car seat for long term use
I like the cup holder and compartment for toys.Great car seat for my granddaughter.
I am a mother of 5 and i have purchased many of car seats thought the years. As far as a convertible car seat goes, this one is the best. I love how it has the added head protection and the steel frame. It makes the seat heavy, but i know if I'm involved in a wreck my child is protected. Most of the convertible seats are very light and flimsy. They seem like theirs would be no protection for a child in one of those. Also Graco makes this, so i know is a great produce. Very GREAT price, i like that i'm not just paying lots of $ just for a brand. Graco has been around for years and theirs a reason!!Best convertible car seat EVER!!
I really love everything about this car seat, the colour, the padding, safety measures and the fact that my baby can use it till she is 100lb. It is one of the best around. My 11mth old who is taller for her age also feels comfortable in it compared with the car seats that come with most travel systems like the one she was using before I purchased this one...which usually toss her head forward if she happens to be sleeping and the driver applies a break. she now sings when riding in the car and can relax her head when she is asleep.
most other stores do not carry this product in the same colour as walmart. I'm recommending this to all parents. Thanks walmart!Exceptional!!!
This product far surpassed our expectations. It's easy to install in my Sienna, easy to get our son in without a fuss. He seems comfortable and happy. I would definitely recomend this car seat to everyone! The only thing I would improve on this product is the fabric. My son eats in the car and sometimes jams his leaky sippy cup down next to him instead of in the handy cup holder. It leaves dirty looking marks. I hope when I get it into the wash it will come out nice, but I don't have much time for that since we use it everyday.Love it!
We had a Britax infant seat, and I looked at those for our daughter's next seat too. They're more expensive, and don't have the features that this seat has. This seat is highly rated for safety, and has a cup holder and a hidey-hole for her toys. I really like the buckle, as it's a lot easier to use than most. You slide the buckle down, rather than push in, so if you've got long nails or painful hands, you can still unbuckle the seat easily, without giving up safety.great seat
LOVE this car seat! My 2 year old loves it too! The best thing about this car seat is the pockets that it has on each side to store toys and pacifiers etc. The even better thing about it is it's comfortable, and seems very safe! I highly recommend it!Perfect car seat for Toddler
I purchased for my grandson. Very easy to assemble and install in my car. Sturdy construction. Straps fit over his heavy winter coat.Easy to assemble, sturdy
This is a near-perfect carseat for our growing grandkids, ages 2 and 3. It has a very solid feel and is heavier than most others we reviewed. The height features are easily adjustable. It did cost a little more than I wanted to invest, but it is structurally built strong. The one negative is - I wish it had more of a RECLINED angle adjustment. There are 3 reclined positions, very slight angles, so when they do fall asleep their heads just want to droop down. That I don't like. But, when they are awake and riding along they fit good and seem very comfortable in it.Graco Nautilus 3-in-1 Car Seat
After doing much research I bought this for my 2 1/2 year old daughter. She seems to like it so far...is comfy for her and she likes the fact that it's a big girl seat with a cup/snack holder. I'm happy that I ended up buying this one, I love it so far, and I like the fact that I won't have to buy her a booster seat in a couple years. The only negative thing I'd say about this is that I found the buckle hard to do and sometimes I have to fumble with it for a couple minutes (the bottom metal pieces that have to "click" in, not the plastic chest piece).Am happy with this so far
Love this car seat. It is very easy to install, has a comfortable seat, and will grow with my granddaughter.Great car seat!
I have a 3 year old who is very big for his age and this car seat is perfect for him. You can use the harness until 65 pounds and the seat itself is very roomy. Also, the design is good, it seems very comfortable unlike the last one we had which pushed him to far forward in the seat. I'm extremely happy with this choice and would recommend it to others.Excellent car seat!
I was very worry about putting my 4 years old daughter to the side of the back seat. But after got check from the safety offical from the Police (for free) , they told me its OK for her to be on the side. We bought this car seat and my daughter love it , she likes her cup holder and enjoy looking out the window. She look very comfortable when she's sleeping. Thank you Wal-Mart, I love side to store and the wonderful price you have on line.Really goooood !!!
My baby loves his car seat. He doesn't cry anymore and it is so much easier to put him in and out of this car seat unlike all the others. I recommend it to everyone.Great for a chubby baby
Well-built and will meet the needs of my 2 year old until he is large enough to wear a seatbelt only.Only carseat I will need
This is a great product. Very worth the money. User friendly and sturdy. Comfortable for the child.Great Product
Our daughter recently started using this front facing car seat. Easy to put this together and our daughter is much more comfortable now. Ship to store was able to get this in store before time.Definitely recommended!!
ExcellentVery Good
My four year old needed a booster and I was just going to get a belt positioning booster but decided it would be safer to harness for as long as possible. I'm so happy with this seat that I'm going to buy another for our 2 year old. It is easy to adjust and I don't have a problem with the straps twisting.Great seat
This product came on time and was fairly easy for these grandparents to assemble and install. It will suit our granddaughter until she is 100 pounds as it goes from car seat to booster seat and has a nifty cup holder she loves.Excellent "over the years" car seat
I have been looking for months for a carseat that could be used for tall children that keeps them in a 5 point harness. My daughter is almost 3 and at 39 inches tall she is getting too big for most carseats. She only weights 34 lbs. so not really big enough for a shoulder strap booster. This carseat has solved the problem.

Pros: Lots and lots of growing room.

Very heavy durable construction.

Fits in the back seat of our older extended cab pickup as well as our minivan.

Seat is low enough that my daughter can easily get in and out without being lifted.

Great price!

Cons:
Doesn't have much of a recline which may be an issue for people that frequently have their children sleeping in the seat.

Does require assembly.

It is quite heavy so you may want to buy more than one if you frequently have to switch cars. I do not think they weight more than the larger Britax carseats though. This is more of an observation than a con. The seat has to be heavy to perform safely.Finally Found What I Have Been Looking For!
I haven't had this car seat for very long so as far as longevity goes, I can't really say yet. I read so many reviews and really liked what I read. I got this for my 2 1/2 year old and he was immediately thrilled with his new car seat. Installation was very, very easy as was the initial set up of the car seat(pre-installation). This seems like an extremely durable seat and it is solid! The harness is easily adjustable to accomodate your child's height. The head rest is very easy to adjust as well. I feel very good about having my son in this car seat. He looks comfortable, but even more important, he looks secure! I intend to buy a second when my youngest (6 months old) turns 1 year old and weighs 20 lbs.Great so far!
High seating. Good have a cup holder. Have many layers cleaning will be tough. It's very heavyHeavy
Great car seat wish I would have purchased sooner.Great car seat
I bought this car seat for my 2 1/2 old son. He was unbuckling his old car seat. He could unbuckle the chest harness and the seat beat that attach to the van. On this new car seat he can't unbuckle the chest harness, but he still car reach the car seat belt.
Also the width of the car seat is great, he is 38 lbs and there is alot of room for him to grow. And the car seat cover is easy to clean up smashed fish crackers.a great car seat
I really am pleased with this carseat. I had Graco products for his first carseat, and wanted to continue to use them. I reviewed many different brands of carseats and compared them (features, people's reviews, price, uses, etc). I decided upon the Graco Nautilus because it was affordable and I won't need to buy another carseat because it converts all the way to a backless booster! The cup holder is very easy for my kiddo to get to which is nice. Also, installation took me just a few minutes. I would recommend this carseat to ANYONE!Wonderful Carseat!
Easy to assemble, we have two now. Very comfortable.reliable and durable
The seat came apart and all pads came off easily.
I washed them all and the car seat went back together so much easier than anticipated .
Awesome car seat. I would definitely buy it again.Super easy wash
Although this seat is fairly heavy, I think it is really well made, and I feel like my 3yo daughter is very safe in it. I also like the fact that when she is bigger, I can convert it to a booster seat.really like this seat
Wonderful product. Sturdy and well-made. 3-year-old very comfortable riding in it. Looks good too. Only thing I don't like is that the armrests can pop off when bumped too hard. Not a big deal, and has really only happened once, but thought I'd mention it. Other than that I give this carseat an "A" and plan to buy a 2nd one for my younger child.Very happy w/purchase. Planning to buy a 2nd one!
This carseat is very sturdy and I feel my baby is safe and protected in it. The backwards facing carseat I had was not very sturdy at all and would move around when I turned the car. That may have been my fault because I may not have had it installed correctly but this one does not budge. It is vey secure and I feel my daughter is very safe in it.Very Sturdy!!!
I love my Graco Nautilus toddler car seat. It's comfortable for my grandson and has side air bags which makes it safe for him. The harness is easy to open and close and very secure as well. No complaints and I would recommend it.Great toddler seat
My parents bought this carseat for our daughter and we have been eternally grateful: not only for paying for it but because it's such a great product. Car seats in general are hard to put in and take out so that's the only reason it didn't get 5 stars there. We are looking into getting another seat for my husbands Jeep Cherokee and I see no other reason to buy anything but this carseat and have TWO of them! Spend a little bit more and be confident that your child will be safe and secure in this carseat! We love it, and so does our most precious cargo!Only the Best for my Baby!
My grandson just loves the fact that he can now see everything. My daughter loves it because it is easy to get big man in and out of it.Big fun for big little man.
You'll never need another car seat. I read all the reviews before purchasing this for my granddaughter and was impressed by the entire system. Some of the reviews mentioned that the buckle was nestled underneath and hard to reach, but we've never had this problem and the crotch strap/buckle is adjustable. I also have long nails so I was a bit worried that I wouldn't be able to unlatch but not a problem at all. My granddaughter (almost 2) loves it as it has a cup holder and storage on either side to put her small toys.Great Buy!
This our second seat of this style we have bought for our second car. Our son loves it and so do we!Great Seat!
I love this carseat, My twins had hit the 40 lb limit on the 5 pt harness on other seats and the fact that this one will hold them till 65 lbs is great.
the seat itself is well made and I have no issues with it, the features are great. I highly recommend this seat!!!Super
Great purchase. Our three year old has had one for two years and we just purchased a second for our year old. Easy to install, easy to clean, and the three year old loves the compartments on the side.Great Buy!
Very safe and sturdy. My 17 month loves getting in it and long car rides are no problem.Perfect!
I really do like this car seat. The seat cushion is very soft. The seat appears to be very sturdy. I really like the design of the car seat. My grandson is 21 lbs and he fits nicely in it. He went to sleep in it the very first time I took him for a short ride in it. My suggestion is that if anyone buys this car seat is to read the entire instruction manual before installing the seat.I really like it
I bought this because I have a very tall 2 year old and other seat backs were becoming to short for him. The top of the seat extends and will last him for quite a while. A definite plus is that the harness goes up to 65lbs. One hard part is that changing the crotch strap so it's longer is a little hard, but you can get it with enough work.

This price was the cheapest I found (even from Amazon.com) plus with site-to-store shipping it's even a better deal.Great Product
My daughter just turned three, and has been using this seat since she turned one. It is FANTASTIC!! She is 100% safe- we use the seatbelt and the anchors to attach her seat and it doesn't move an inch. I love the 5-point harness- she is very secure in this seat, but also comfortable. It is roomy, easy to keep clean, comfortable, and can grow with her. She LOVES the cupholder an cubby hole :) My son just turned one, and we are going to get him the same seat. I cannot imagine putting my child in anything else.
Great product that gives me piece of mind when my kids are in the car.

It is a little more difficult to adjust and put together than some seats, but that is because it is 3 seats in one. I wouldn't let that stop you, if you are considering buying this car seat.Fantastic Car Seat!!
Car seat is exactly what I expected and wanted for my 3yr. old. Easy to put together, but had a little trouble installing it in my car. I received the seat SUPER FAST! Ordered it on a Monday night and it came Wed. morning! Walmart price was way lower than others too.perfect car seat
This carseat was easy to set up and has been easy to use. It is easy to transfer our little one in and out of the car now. Would highly recommend this productLove this carseat
We have used this seat for 3 weeks now and have found it very functional, safe and comfortable. It has been fitted to several cars and has been secure and simple to install. The harness is well designed, not getting twisted and is easy to tighten or loosen. Our son is comfortable and sleeps easily in it. Things like the cup holder and storage in the seat are also useful. Hopefully it will be as functional as he grows older.
We recommended this to the grandparents, who were also happy with the safety, price and functionality of the seat.Excellent seat
Purchased as a replacement for another brand. This car seat is adjustable from infant to toddler. It was much easier to install, and my son loves the cup holder. I would recomend this seat to anyone current looking.Great Product
I bought this for my grandson, he grew out of his other car seat/carrier. i should of bought this in stead of the other. This car seat should last him awhile since you can adjust and convert to a booster. He loves the cup holder and the cubby holes. It is high enough so he can see out of the window. Safety features are great, price perfect for the use you will get out of it. I recommend itExcellent Car Seat
The Graco Nautilus 3-in-1 has one of the highest harness heights of any seats on the market- with three year old twins that are 3 foot 5 inches tall, this was a must! The girls love their seats, and I love that they are able to stay in a harnessed seat for another coupe of years!Tall Harness Height for Tall Kids
This is the second one I have gotten, one for my son and now my daughter. My son loves facing forward from the rear facing seat, and puts his cup in the holder and hide toys in the little cubbies. My little girl just got into this seat and I can put her into it so well, I dont have to worry about pinching fingers or burning their little skin on hot metal. It is easy to install, with the latch system. It doesn't really recline, and if you want it too you have to install it that way to make sure it is a tight fit in the car.Love this seat
We are VERY satisified with this new car seat. Our son now 3 was previously in a Britax Wizard and I was looking for something for him to move into that would grow with him seeing as though his little sister was ready to take over his old seat. Our son LOVES his new seat and says it if comfy. He loves the cupholder and the little cubbies in the arm rests. He loves to store his snack or little toys in it. He feels like such a big boy in this seat! I would not reccommend this seat for a baby just turning 1 and 20 lbs. there is not much recline and it just does not seem good for a little one. I would use this after your kid is about 2-3 years old. But overall we LOVE this seat! Happy shopping!Love this seat
We researched and found that using a 5-point harness for as long as possible was the best option to keeping out kids safe in the car. The Nautilus was recommended by several car seat websites. We really like the fact that we can use the 5-point harness until our daughter weighs 65 lbs and then the she can use the booster seat until she is 100 lbs. The car seat is heavier than a booster, but it was super easy to put together and get in to the car. Our daughter loves it and seems to be comfortable in the seat. We have not used it on a super-long trip yet, so I'll write again if our opinion changes after our trip down to Disneyland (6.5 hour drive). We like the built-in cup holder and the colors are neutral so that we can use it with our son later on, too. Overall, this car seat/booster is great so far. :)So far so good
Baby girl enjoys the new life style of her new sleeping machine. 10 minutes Paradise!! ;)SAFE & SOUND
Our first 'big girl' car seat is a Britax Frontier. It was the safest feeling car seat for my child until I found this one. We thought long and hard about the second seat, but knowing it was something that we HAD to have in our other vehicle, we knew that we could not afford another Britax. Then I found this one. I looked and looked for a review that was close to sub-par. I could not find one. Then there is the price. WOW! It fit our budget with some change left over. The colors are perfect for the next child to benefit (her brother) and the cup holders work better than the Britax. Not to mention, she has her own cubbies inside the arm rests. The absolute only thing I wish this seat did that the Britax does is carry the 5-point harness into 80 lbs and not stop at 65 lbs. But, I will still feel safe with it in the high back booster position.

Great seat! I recommend it!!!! Order it online through WalMart.com for the best price. In our store it was $15 more. AND Babies-R-Us was at least $40 more.Love it!
I can NOT complain, what a perfect product!excellent product
We love the Nautilus car seat from Graco. It is very durable, easy to install and has a vry high consumer reports rating. We have 1 year old twins and for the price of this car seat it is worth it since we had to buy 2. We highly recommend this product.car seat
i was just in a roll over accident yesterday and this car seat saved my sons life. not to mention the price is extremely reasonable. if anyone is actually taking the time to read these then please invest in the best and that is Graco.breathtaking
I purchased this car seat for my 2 1/2 year old a few weeks ago and we LOVE it! The fabric is durable, the harness is very easy to buckle and unbuckle, the straps don't get twisted. I love that this seat will grow with my son - great value for the price. It feels very durable and safe. And as a bonus, my little guy feels like a rock star with his own cup holder.
We found the extra padding and the straps cushions irritating, but they were easy to remove and the buckling in is much easier without them.Love this carseat!!
tHIS IS A GREAT SAFETY PRODUCT AND OF GREAT QUALITY. I WOULD RECOMMEND TO ANYONE WITH CHILDREN BECAUSE IT ALSO HAS A VERY HIGH WEIGHT LIMIT TOO.GRACO NAUTILUS 3 IN 1 CAR SEATS
This seat can harness to 65lbs, has plenty of torso room -so it fits even LONG torso'd kids like mine, and it makes a good tall booster too!
There is some minor assembly required but its not difficult... just snap a few things together.
My 3.5yo has plenty of grow room before he gets to the top slots, I imagine he will be in the harness till he is about 6yo. I am truly impressed with how hight the top slots are! My kids outgrow carseats by the top slots well before weight limits.
The armrests have really cool hide away cubby-holes for toys. The cupholder is only on the right side though, its not switchable.
The seat is deep enough to provide good leg support for bigger kids. It has EPP foam in the headrest & is steel reinforced.
It was a dream to install w/ a seatbelt in both my car & my husbands car. I did have to use a locking clip in my car, but there was plenty of room to fit one in there.
The only real fall back I think the seat has is it only has a 6yr manufacture recommended lifespan... My 2yo is just now where I feel he fits in it good. I cannot imagine a 1yo fitting in it.Graco Got it Right
The three is one car seat is honestly the best car seat I've ever used. I used 2 different seats prior to his one and I prefer the graco to any other toddler seat out there.Graco 3 in 1
I love this car seat! It's a very solid design and I feel my daughter is well protected in it.Awesome carseat!
My son loves it. Good size and soft padding so he's comfortableperfect
I bought this car seat for my son whose 7 months old. This car seat is actually really good and also the baby loves it. It was very easy to fix it in the car. i strongly recomend this product and it was a great deal.A very good product
This car seat is an excellent buy. It is solid as a rock, yet has extra padding so your child is cushioned in comfort rather that sitting on a thin layer of foam against hard plastic. This is by far the best car seat I have seen for the price. The head protection is great and cushioned as well. The safety harness is easy to use, and the built in cup holders as well as storage areas under them are perfect for little hands. And since they are built in, they won't break off or swing out in the way of other passengers. The easy to use one-hand adjustable reclining seat and adjustable head rest just further enhance my love for this item. I would buy it again and again!Solid as a Rock
I have a compact car & was worried the seat would not fit, but to my surprise it worked well. I'm happy with the fact that it will convert to booster when my child is big enough for it,so I don't have to buy any more required seating. Buying by email also saved me several dollars rather than purchasing in the store. My baby seems very happy with his new riding arrangement.absolute must have
If you are looking for a great car seat for your child over 40 pounds this is it. I have been looking for a 5 point harness car seat for my 4 1/2 year old for a while. I was just about to spend the several hundred dollars some of the others ones cost, when I can upon this one. I love that my daughter can be in a harness until 65 pounds. It is so much safer for them than to be in a booster seat. Great seat for the money!A great big kid car seat!
This carseat is 100 less than the Britax which seems to be the only other car seat with a harness for up to 65 pounds. For this reason I recommend the car seat because it is great for a preschooler (3-4 years old) who really should not be in a high backed booster with regular seat belt just yet. My son loves this seat - it is very comfortable and has a spot for a cup and snacks.Best Preschool CarSeat
I have been looking for a seat for a while now, knowing that my daughter was about to outgrow her 5 pt harness and I was not ready to have her in a belt positioning booster yet. After a lot of shopping and comparing, I finally settled on this one because it had all the features I was looking for and the price was so affordable. We've had it installed for about 10 days now, and so far we are loving it. The only complaint my daughter has had, was that her neck hurt a little after falling asleep in it, but I'm not sure that was as much a problem w/ the seat as it was the position she fell asleep in. I might just need to recline it another notch. Anyway, I think this was a good investment and should be the last car seat we ever need to buy!So far so good!
I am SO glad Graco came out with this product. This will keep my son harnessed longer, it looks cool, and will convert to a booster seat when he is ready. He LOVES the cupholder and the "race car" look.
My son outgrew his convertible carseat (40lb weight limit) and most of his classmates have had booster seats for some time now. I am glad I did the research to learn that it is MUCH safer to keep your preschooler in a 5 pt harness as long as possible. Anyone considering putting their child in a booster seat at 30-40 pounds should do a little research on safety, then buy this seat instead!Great car seat!
I purchased this car seat as a second car seat to my Britax. It is wonderful. My son loves it...he especially likes having his own cup holder. Set-up took only a few minutes. I would recommend this car seat to anyone who is looking for a quality seat that is reasonably priced.Love this car seat!
This carseat is a great value for the price. The fact that it can go to a booster seat it will serve my granddaughter for a long time. I would recommend this carseat for anyone who does not want to purchase a carseat every 25 lbs.Great Carseat
This seat is awesome! It is so sturdy and feels like it will last the lifetime of my son in a carseat. We put him in it as soon as he was 20 lbs. and 1 year old and he fit so snug. There are extra removable pads you can use to make the smaller toddlers more snug. Great feature! Convenient cup holder (right now it's a pacifier holder!). I love this seat and will recommend it to anyone! The price was unbeatable too considering you can use it from age 1 until they dont' need a booster anymore.Awesome seat!!
I LOVE this car seat! We just bought this for my 3 year old who out grew his second car seat. I was not ready for him to go in a booster, even though size wise he is ready. I wanted a 5pt until we had to break down and put him in one. It was pretty easy to put together. I did it all by myself with no husband help! My son loves the cup holder and feels that his seat is so cool.

We are buying our 10 month old this same one today! I can't wait to see how he does with it. He is almost out of his infant seat, so it is time!SO WORTH IT!
I have a old graco seat and we needed a new one for the new baby in family. We bought this model and I was excited to see they have new latches! Way better than the old model. I'm jealous, i might want to trade in my old one as well.Great Latches!
After much research on the internet about car seats I finally made my decision on this one because of the fact that my son can use it up to 100 pounds. I also went to stores to take a closer look on this and a couple others. There is nothing wrong with the product but it would have been nice if it could recline a bit more. My son height and weight are within range for this car seat but his head falls either sideways or forward when he naps in there. Other than that he enjoys riding face-forward now and buckle him there is a breeze.a great product
We are very happy with this car seat! I love that this is the last seat that I'll have to buy. My almost 3 yr old has plenty of room and seems to be very comfortable in it. Straps are very easy to loosen and tighten and it was very easy to install.Very Happy With Purchase
My son just turned one and hates being trapped in his infant car seat. His feet were hitting the back seat and he is always uncomfortable whenever we go on longer trips. Since we installed the Nautilus, he enjoys being in the car more! He can see Mommy and Daddy in the front seat and there's more room for all his limbs. We call it his "Big Boy Chair". The installation seemed easy enough (my husband did that). The only thing that might make it better is if the actual seat didn't weigh so much. Other than that, it's a great purchase!!Makes my son so much happier!!!
I just received this car seat today from Fedex and it was in perfect condition. I ordered it three days ago and I can't believe it was shipped so fast. I've seen this car seat at the stores and I've wanted to buy it for a long time but I've been waiting on my daughter to turn 1. At the store this car seat was almost $180.00, but I got it online for $135.00 plus tax and the delivery was free to my house.
This was a great deal. The seat is great for boys or girls, it looks kind of sporty and very comfortable. The best part is that it can grow with my child, so I don't have to keep going out and buying other seats for her. Assembly was a snap, no problem at all. I already put my daughter in it to try it out and she loved it. She was very comfortable, all the straps are adjustable, she no longer has to be all scrunched up in her infant seat. I even went ahead and bought another one for my mom and dad to use. Great Product!Terrific
assembly and installation are very easy. adjust is easy. no tools required. so far so good after a week. I'll update if find something wrong.very easy to use
My son rides so comfortable on this carseat he loves itAwesome
excellent product we have purchased one for each of our boys for all 3 vehicles.this is the seat we love. third baby third seat
I love Graco's carseats. They are very easy to install and the straps are easy to adjust. A definite plus with the daily weather changes in Louisiana. I like that it is the only carseat and booster I will have to buy.Great Product!
I have gone through about 3 carseats and this one was recomended to me. I wanted something that would harness my son longer as I don't think 40 pounds is ready for a seat belt. This seat is so comfortable and SO easy to install, the other seats my husband and I have installed have taken about 20-30 minutes, this one took about 5. Great seat for the value.Great carseat
This car seat couldn't be a better choice as the "next" seat a child needs following an infant carrier. We're happy that the seat can be converted for use up to 100lbs. A money saving feature! The fabric breathes (expecially important in hot humid climates) and is easy to clean. The strap covers over the shoulders protect little necks from the straps. The pad btwn the legs at the lower abdomen protects little ones from the connectors which could become hot while the car is parked outdoors. The cup holder is deep enough to hold a bottle, drink cup or favorite snack. We were impressed with the EPS safety padding and comfort padding in the seat. Not many car seats on the market have as much comfort padding for little bottoms. Our child LOVES this seat! The set up was just one click to adjust the headrest. The strap adjustments are easy to do and installation is a breeze. This chair was worth the wait! Many retailers were sold out of this chair in our area. I also recommend the ship to store process. Very easy to pick up the online items ordered. I've already recommended this car seat to many friends.Outstanding Car Seat
This is my second car seat for my daughter who is 3 and a half. I just love it because it is so much easier to install than my Britax Frontier. And it's a lot cheaper. Right now I am using it with the harness so I can't comment much about it being a booster. Plus I read that it is compatible with the GoGo Kidz TravelMate which I may as well buy since the airlines are charging money for checked bags. (It could be used on the airplane in harness mode.) I only wish I got another Nautilus than the Frontier. I can't install the Frontier by myself while the Nautilus is breeze in comparison. I think this seat is great. The Bravo was fine in hubby's car because he didn't want anything too girly.Great!
Very pleased with this item. Set up was a bit tricky, but I figured it out. Seat operates great. Much easier tightening of belts than with our current seat. I love that it has the harness for up to 65 pounds and that it will be our last car seat purchased... wished this would have been out two car seats ago!!!Very pleased
This is a fabulous seat. There are a few tricks to installing it. One trick for using the LATCH is to remove the edge of the cover and tighten the LATCH by pulling the tail of the LATCH back through the hole. Techs use this trick with lots of seats, so this is not a Nautilus exclusive problem.

Noodles can NEVER be used with forward facing seats.

No matter what seat you buy, please READ THE MANUAL and seek a local CERTIFIED child passenger safety technician to help you learn about your seat and how to best install it in your car.Visit a certified tech!
This is our 4th seat from Graco it was not easy to find but I know its because so many people want it. WHAT A GREAT SEAT, we are very happy with the safety, set up and the quality of the seat for the price we paid. It was the 1st seat I had pieces to put together but it was very simple. Our 24lb 1 year old daughter looks comfortabe and safe. Thanks Graco!Another great seat from Graco
Very easy intalation.Great seat
This is a awesome carseat that will last you forever. My son just got out of his infant seat and loves this seat. It is very comfortable. He has fallen asleep a few times and just rests his head on the side. The cup holder is a great feature. I feel very safe with my son in this seat. BTW I saw this carseat on John and Kate plus 8 and researched it. It is a great buy and is $179.00 in other stores.Great seat!
My baby was crying when in car-seat, but this one she loves.Great car-seat
This is by far the best car seat we have owned. It is so functional and I love knowing I will not have to buy another one for our oldest child because it turns into a high back, then a booster. It is very comfortable and sturdy. Love the fact my child is not wedged in it. I have purchased two of these and plan on purchasing another 2 for my second child.Best Car Seat Out There
My little daugher fell in love with this car seat from the first sight. She now enjoys being in the my car a lot more than the rear seat we had before. This new car seat is easy to use and setup, and I highly recommend it to anyone.My Little Daughter Loves It
We purchased 2 of these Graco car seats and absolutely love them!!!! Great durability, easy set up, very safe and extremly fast delivery. Would recommend this car seat to everyone that has a child!!!! We are expecting another child in November and will purchase for her as well when its time to switch out of a infant seat. The only SMALL complaint I have is that its heavy and if you travel a lot by airplane and need to carry the car seat, your arms will definitely hurt after a while. Overall however, I give this car seat a 2 thumbs. Also, I did a lot of research on car seats and this one is in the top safest car seats to own!!!! As parents that is our top priority for our children to be safe. Good Luck :)Wonderful Car Seat!!!!
We got this carseat for our 12 month old to front face. I love it. Its wonderful! We were just recently in a car accident (yesterday) where another car plowed into the side of us. The carseat did great. It didnt move AT ALL. None of us were injured. We will be getting a new seat because after an accident you are supposed to get a new seat, and we will be getting this one again! I truely feel like my son (15mo.) is very safe in this seat.Really Awesome
I got this for my niece's 1 yr old son. She said absolutely loves it. He no longer tries to get out of the car seat like their previous one.Excellent product
This car seat is terrific. It was easily put together and easy to install. I really like the fact that i will not have to buy another car seat.love this carseat
I just ordered 2 of these to replace my expired Britax Roundabout and Britax Marathons. The Nautilus is fantastic. The safety rating is just as good as the more expensive seats, but for 1/2 the cost. My boys ages 2 and 4 love their new seats too. The cup holder is so helpful and they love the little compartment for their toys.Excellent seat!!
My husband, my son, and myself all love this car seat. Able to pull lower LATCH anchors very tight for snug fit, unlike an Evenflo seat we had to return. Reclines enough for my son's head to not droop as much when he falls asleep as in other hybrid seats we tried. My son loves the little cubbyholes for his toys and the closeness of the built-in cupholder (Evenflo seat had cheap clip-on cupholder). Only complaint is wish seat was lighter for travelling, but still worth it. An excellent hybrid seat!great hybrid seat
I am very happy with this car seat. My son outgrew his Britax Roundabout and I was thinking of buying him the Britax Regent. After comparing both car seats, I chose the Graco one. It was easy to set up, a bit heavy for me to tighten in the car, but my husband found it very easy. So far, my son loves the seat and I am happy that the back is adjustable. For being 3 years old he is on the tall side and this car seat fits him well. I really like the fact that we will use this seat for many years to come. He likes the fact that there is a cup holder.Perfect car seat!
This car seat is the best harness/booster seat combination that I have found for my son. The seat is very sturdy(unlike other booster seats that feel so flimsy) and feels extrememly safe. I love that you can keep them in the much safer harness straps up until 65 lbs and the straps go higher than some of the other seats. That is especially nice if you have a child who is tall or bigger for their age. I only found two cons, one being it is suprisingly heavy; I would not like to move it much once it is in place b/c of its weight. That would make it annoying if you have to change it between two cars, which we rarely do. The other slight problem we had was that most of the shoulder adjustments are very easy to do, but for some reason the one that my son is on was really hard to get through the slots on the back correctly(I don't know if it is always that way, the other slots were easy). Other than that, I LOVE this car seat! It is the best so far and the harness and shoulder strap booster are great to use and very safe and snug; we have not tried the seat as a backless booster. All the other adjustments are super easy too, unlike some seats that you have to pull and pull to tighten the harness straps enough. I also wish there was a little more cushioning on the seat, but my son said he feels very comfy. Nice color, easy to clean, can slant back(although not much), and also has very nice headrest area if your child still sleeps in the car. My son fell asleep yesterday while driving and his head was sitting perfectly on the headrest, no head slump! Would highly recommend this booster and will buy for my other son when he is bigger!Wonderful, sturdy car seat!
I love the car seat. I'm a little upset because it said that it had a mail in rebate available when I ordered the car seat yet I did not receive anything to do the mail in rebate with my order.rebate
I bought this car seat for my 2.5 yr old who is tall for his age and I'm very glad I did. It has top slots that go up teh highest of most of the seats out there. I was very easy to install and a very secure and safe feeling seat. My toddler LOVES it too - esp the cup holder and little side areas where he can put toys. I got a great price at Walmart - overall a great seat. I highly recommend it for anyone looking for a seat, especially for a tall child.Great car seat for tall toddlers
Very Secure! This will be the last car seat you'll buy for your kid!AWESOME!
I bought this one as a second car seat for my husband's car. My 2 year old loves it and it is easy to use and assemble. Sort of a pain to get it into the car for its size, but once that is done, it's all good. This is a good car seat for its value and to keep your kids until they meet 40 lbs for a regular booster seat.This was my second Nautilus!
love that this will be the only car seat i will need from now on.car seat
Heavy duty and sturdy. Built to keep child from getting hurtSturdy product
I was so happy to purchase this seat for my two-year-old son. He was already in a Graco Step 2 Safe Seat but was approaching the max. weight limit. I did a lot of research and wanted to keep him in a five-point harness as long as possible but didn't want to spend $300 on a britax. I am so glad Graco has come out with this amazing combination seat that will last him for years!!!Another amazing product by Graco!!
After your little one is out of their "bucket" this is the only seat you need.
It harnesses to a whopping 65 pounds!!! Booster to 100 lbs.
Same as the Britax Marathon, at half the price!!An extremely worthwhile purchase!
I love this carseat. I bought this for my 19 month old because I wanted something that would last until she was out of carseat/booster seats all together. All the extra padding is not necessary so I didn't use it and works much better without. The straps are easy to adjust and I am glad it can become a booster seat when it is time.Great carseat
This is a really great carseat. I spent a long time doing research. I wanted to find the right car seat for my daughter and not have to spend hundreds and hundreds. This car seat was perfect. She fits great in it. She's only 3 but she's very tall. She sleeps really comfortably in it which is a plus.

This is a really great car seat and I would highly recommend it. It's extremely comfortable for baby or toddler.Great carseat!
This car seat was pretty easy to put together- just make sure that you have ALL the fabric out of the way! It went into the car easily using the seat belt method, and my daughter loves it. The cupholder is a great size- can hold anything and everything. I love the 65 pound capacity of the 5-point harness- just what I was looking for. I will be buying another one of these for my son when he turns over a year. The only thing that I dislike about it is that the car seat cover will be hard to remove and wash. We live about an hour from everything, so eating and getting dirty is inevitable, and this cover does NOT look easy to remove!Easy to Install, put together, good product!
My daughter is quite tall for her age. When she surpassed the height requirement for her Graco convertible seat, my hubby and I didn't know what we were gonna do. She is still under the age requirement for a booster so that wasn't an option. We found this seat on sale and we LOVE it! Our daughter even says SHE loves it! Thank you Graco for making this seat and thank you Walmart for offering it at a great price!love, Love, LOVE this seat!
I love it! It can be used so much longer than most car seats, since it has a harness that goes up to 65 pounds (before this came out you had to pay $300 for Britax to get that!) and the slots that the harness comes out of are high enough to accomodate taller kids. This seat keeps them so much safer since they can stay in the harness longer, and then it turns into a booster! I love love love it, I want one for every child I know. Definitely invest in this one, it's AMAZING, especially for the price.This seat is amazing!
This seat is very well made. Easy to install, and very durable. I also love the 3 in 1 feature as this seat can be used for a very long time as the kids grow older.

Highly recommend this seat to everyone!!!!!!!!Excellent Child Seat!!!!
We researched a car seat that would suit our 3 year old and this one was rated best as far as the length of time we could use it based on the height of our son. We have had it for about a month and are completely satisfied with our choice. Because it was difficult to find based on our location, we chose to have it sent directly to our home. It was shipped quickly and we didn't need to go to the store to get it which was a saving grace for us.Just as expected
I love this Car Seat!! We bought it for my 3 year old because I was not ready to put him in a booster. I love the fact that this is the last car seat I will have to buy for him. I am now looking into buying for my 1 year old. I also bought it through Walmart which has the best price!! I highly recommend it!!Great Car Seat!!
I researched tons of websites selling this carseat and WalMart was by far the cheapest, especially considering that you don't have to pay shipping if you choose Site to Store shipping (which is free).

I love this carseat because I won't have to buy another one as my unusually tall daughter grows and it converts to a booster. It's under $150 bucks which is a great price. The colors are very neutral with no stupid, "baby-ish" or bizarre fabric pattern.

My only compaint is that the shoulder strap protectors/paddling are velcro and made in such a way that my daughter can take them off. This wouldn't be a big deal if she also didn't complain about the straps being too tight. So, I'll probably just sew them together to solve that problem. My other complaint is that I wish the cup holder was a little bit bigger. I have a travel sippy cup that is too big at the bottom to fit in the cup holder. It's only annoying in that I don't want to buy any more sippy cups because they're so expensive. A standard water bottle does fit in it though and that's what we've been using lately. I'm also just learning the little differences from switching from a Britax carseat to this one.

So, all in all, I'm thrilled with this carseat and the price and the safety of it. I've recommended it to all my friends who are having babies for when they hit 1.Best price around
I bought this for my 18 m old grandaughter.
Main reason was the cupholder! It's right within reach!! I also love the protective cloth that goes under the harness buckle. GREAT IDEA! Her clothes don't get in the way of the buckle with that there! I also love that it's the last one I'll ever have to buy, as it transforms into a booster with or without a back.
We're expecting our 4th grandchild in Dec 08, & I'll buy one for him also!I love it!!!!!
I love it, and my 22 mth old son loves it too. The fact that this will be his last car seat I will ever have to buy him, is phenomenal! I love how you can even use it as a booster seat. These are the types of products we need more of, multilple stage uses. I just wish I would'nt have forgotten to adjust the buckle in between the legs.When Iadjusted the shoulder straps for my 31 lb 22 mth old son, I forgot to adjust the buckle between the legs! So, I had to take the car seat out of the pick-up and readjust it, then fasten it back into the pick-up seat again. Other then that, Great product. Wish I would have had something like this earlier. Awesome, awesome,awesome. :)Awesome deal!
This seat is by far the best seat on the market. Please spend the extra money. So safe. I will be replacing our other seats with this model.Love this Car Seat
I FINALLY got one and I couldn't be happier with my purchase! I had no problems what so ever putting it together by myself. It only took a little muscle and some reading of directions. From the time I opened the box until the time I was finished, was about a half hour.
It was easy to put into my car as well. I have a Chevy Lumina and it fits nicely. I had to use the locking clip that came with it for the middle belt in the backseat, and that was the hardest part. LOL
My 3 year old little man is happy with it and I think there is enough of an incline for sleeping without his head falling forward. (We haven't been anywhere yet for a long enough period of time for him to fall asleep.) The best selling points of this seat for me were the fact that I don't ever have to buy another seat for him, and that he can stay in the 5 point harness for a longer period of time.
At 3 he is already past the 40lb mark and about 40 inches tall, and without this seat he would have had to be in a high back booster with just a regular seatbelt, which I am not comfortable with at all. Thanks Graco!!!!!Wonderful seat, easy to install and he loves it!!
I am very happy with this carseat. It's a really great carseat for the money. It feels sturdy and my 22 month old is very happy to sit in it. She has no trouble falling asleep and her head does not flop forward. I own a Volkswagon Golf which is quite small and the carseat fits really well. I can still have two other people in the backseat fairly comfortably though long trips may feel a bit cramped.
My only complaint is that when the weather is hot the arms of the seat get very hot. I did send a complaint to Graco about this. Otherwise, a great product.Overall, very happy
So I searched long and hard for a "Big Boy Seat" that would not only be a comfortable and stylish transition for my little guy, but that would be safe.
This seat definitely met the requirements, it took maybe 20 minutes to install and looks great. My 12 month old loves the fact that he can face forward and I think it has made car rides a lot less painful because he can see mommy as well as the rest of world.
This seat also has a cup holder which most car seats do not. This is great to keep a sippie cup or even an extra toy.
I'm using the full seat, but I am happy that this seat can grow with my son. He looks very comfortable.
This is a great car seat. Graco makes this Nautilus model in a variety of colors. Each store has a different variation and hands down WalMart has the best deal. I looked at fice major stores and websites and Walmart's Graco Nautilus was at least $20 to $60 cheaper. All in all its a GREAT BUY!Great Car Seat!
I bought 2 of these car seats for my twin grandsons. They will last them until they are out them. They can took the punishment that 14 month olds can dish out. My son was the one that suggested that I purchase this brand, and he is very happy with them.Car Seats
I own a alpha & omega elite CCS. This one in my opinion looks nicer. I think my baby is more confortable beause it seems that there is more room. The only thing is better in the other one is that the straps look stronger/better quality. This car seat is soooo simple is very easy to put the baby in. I do not why but with my other CCS takes me longer. I'd say that if I have to do it again I'll get 2 nautilus.Do not hesitate. BUY IT NOW!
Great car seat, love the cup holdergreat car seat
My son is three and his old "convertible" car seat was old, faded and becoming uncomfortable. I purchased this seat on a recommendation and it is absolutely wonderul. Easy to assemble, perfect fit in the car and nice to look at. My son loves the cup holder. My son's babysitter bought TWO of these seats on my recommendation and she loves them as well.Excellent Car Seat
This is a great product. My son is 2 years old and I'm going to be able to use this until he is 5. We have had it about 2 months now and he loves it. I highly recommend this product!Great Product
This car seat feels very comfortable. It has a heavy duty feel. The only thing I would want more would be the ability to set up the car seat in a rear-facing position.Very comfortable
I really like this car seat. It was very easy to install in my car and it is very easy to get my son buckled into. I love that it will grow with him.Great seat
The seat actually looks better in person than online. My son loves his new seat. I actually ordered my mom one too. Would recommend to anyone.Better than expected
After a month of researching booster seats for older and heavier children, I decided on purchasing the Graco Nautilus 3-in-1 for my 4 1/2 year old child . There are more pricier carseats with the same function, but honestly, the price and reviews of the Graco were excellent. I have had the car seat for about 3 weeks and I love it. Fits excellent in my small SUV next to my up-to-40lb Britax that my 1 year old sits in. It is very comfortable and roomy without being so big and bulky. My daughter loves it and has plenty of room to grow (she is 95% on height for children her age). I wanted to make sure that she stays in a 5 point harness as long as she can and the Graco was a wonderful choice. I highly recommend it to any parent who wants a 5 point harness for their child (up to 65lbs).Great booster seat
I have been a loyal Britax Carseat buyer until this seat came along. At 3 years old my daughter outgrew her Britax Roundabout, but I felt she still needed to be in a harness for her age. This seat fits that need. Most important I value safety and I feel my daughter is safe in this carseat. I looked at some of the Britax products that would fit my needs, but could not see spending that much money all over again. I researched the Nautilus and compared it to Britax carseats and found people happier with the Nautilus. What made me happiest about it was the price. Overall I feel it is a great value, dependable, safe, comfortable car seat. Oh, and my daughter loves the built in cup holder too!Great carseat at a Great Price
We originally bought this seat for our 1 year old-before realized it wasn't rear facing. So we instead gave it to our 3 year old who loves it, and gave his old seat to our 1 year old. It is super easy to install and the straps are easy to adjust. I love the croch clip because it is much easier to open than older models. My son loves the little cubbies in the arm rests for his toys and I love the fact that I can use the 5-point harness until he is 65 pounds. so far we haven't had any issues with the straps twisting-which is a constant headache with our other seat-but we haven't had the new seat very long. So far it is a really great carseat and if I could afford to I would switch out my old seat with another one in the futuregreat product
This car seat is easy to install and easy to use. Many other seats straps twist and turn but not this. Put child in buckle up and put tight and off you go. This is a 3 in 1 which is great the only downside is you cannot turn it around to face backwards for infants.Best car seat out there
Our 4 yr old son who is 40 lbs and 42 inches out grew his Graco SafeSeat Step 2 which has the 40 lb 43 inch limit. We thought he was ready to move into a booster seat that only uses the seat belt. We were VERY wrong. Our son is a car sleeper and when he would fall asleep in the booster seat he would fall all the way forward or to the side bc the seatbelt was not keeping him back the way a car seat harness does and not only is that extremely dangerous but uncomfortable to take a nap! So we returned the booster and instead got the Nautilus bc of the extended harnessing to 65 lbs. We are very pleased with the seat. My son loves it. His head stays back comfortably when he's sleeping. The seat took 5 minutes to install using the LATCH system and it is a good fit in my Jeep Liberty where as the Graco SafeSeat 2 that we used for the past 2 yrs was a bit large and bulky and took up alot of the back seat the Nautilus is much slimmer and a better fit. When our 4 month old out grows his infant SafeSeat 1 at the 30 lbs 32 inch limit we will buy him a Nautilus also! Good job Graco!Great Seat...We Love It!
This car seat is awesome for the child who is ready to go forward facing, (children are 70% safer rear facing to 30-35 pounds). The harness has an upper weight limit to 65#, the only seat in this price point that has this feature, most retail for much more-it is recommended children stay in a harness as long as possible so for the higher weighted but younger child (40+ 3 year old) who may have a hard time developmentally in a booster this is a God send!!
The seat then becomes a belt positioning booster to 100 pounds, 80-100 pounds is the recommended weight range for children to be ready to sit in an adult sized belt.
The seat has high harness heights and fit my older 53# child great.
Graco did an awesome job with this seat, very cushy and grows with the child.best seat for the money
This seat is fantastic for my 30lb almost 2yr old little boy. He's a big kid. He stayed rear facing until 20mo old in his Alpha Omega Elite, but reached the height limit. He has almost ougrown the AOE by height forward facing too. I wish he could have stayed rear facing longer because it is safer, but I feel good having him in this seat. Our new goal is to keep him in a 5pt harness until age 6. I know in OH that he can legally be in some boosters (crazy I know) & by age 4 only be in a seatbelt. Laws are only minimums though. Safety is another story.

Setting it up was a breeze. The instructions are very clear & easy to understand. We had no trouble installing it in our 02 Blazer with the seatbelt. He climbs right up into it & loves the cup holder. This seat will certainly grow with him. It has tall harness slots & a 65lb weight limit with the harness. THe seat then turns into a great booster with the back & then without the back.

I've noticed reviews here & elsewhere talking about babies under 1yr in this seat. That is NOT ok. The minimum by law & by the instructions are 1yr AND 20lbs. Please keep babies rear facing as long as possible for their safety.

Another thing to consider since it is getting cold outside is that puffy coats are unsafe to wear when buckled in. There are lots of tips & tricks to staying warm & safe posted online.Great Seat for BIG Kids
Very nice seat. It is kinda heavy but it is very sturdy.love!
The seat is wonderful. My son (13 mos.) loves to ride in it, is comfortable and can nap easily. The installation wasn't as easy as another car seat we own, but that was mainly human error. This product is much more sturdy than the other more expensive brands. Great value!Great product
Seat is very comfy, safe and I like that it keeps a 5 point harness up to 65 pounds. Most booster seats do not, or else you have to pay $300 to get one that does. This is a great seat, especially for the money.Great seat and value
Easy to assemble. Easy to clean. Affordable compared to other brand name. The real test, however, I don't know. And hopefully, our family will never experience it. Nonetheless, the car seat met and exceeded my expectation on assembly and ease of cleaning.Great product right price
I love this car seat so far. My son seems very comfortable in it and it was super easy to install.Love this car seat so far.
Found this car seat at WalMart for less than other places. Compared to my old car seat, this one is so easy to use and has many safety features. Very happy.Happy
This is a great product, not only does it look good but I love the features and price. We have tried a few car seats and every time my baby boy fell asleep his head would fall forward in the old car seats. I was SOLD when my boy fell asleep and his head was comfy in the upright position. No more bobbing.Love it
I have bought countless car seats and boosters for my children as they have grown out of them.
Finally a seat for all the stages...worth every penny. My son loves this seat. I am happy that I found something that I will not have to replace again.Love this car seat!!
This carseat is awesome. My son absolutely loves it. It is a little on the heavy side, but that shouldn't be a problem if you aren't transferring from car to car. Very comfortable & he LOVES the attached cup holder. Would definitely recommend this product!My son loves it
This seat it great. It is very easy to install, and will keep your child harnessed for a long time! When your child outgrows the rear facing limit on their seat (from 30-35 lbs) then this is a great seat for that next step of forward facing when they are ready. Your child is much safer in a harness untill they are 5 years old and most children will reach that in this seat. After they outgrow the harness, it turns into a booster seat so you don't have to buy another seat.

We have 2 of these, one for each of our cars. Both were bought from walmart b/c they had the lowest price.Great seat!
This car seat is everything I could hope for. I couldn't shell out $300 for some of the other big name car seats. My daughter is just turning 3 and is already 40 inches and 39 lbs. I want her in a 5 point harness for a little longer. Also Even using this one as a booster, the seat belt buckle is not easily accessed for unwanted escapes from the car seat. Walmart's price has gone down just within the last month, but it was a worthwhile investment. My daughter doesn't flop over when she goes to sleep in the car, and the car seat is much sturdier than other typical boosters. It took a little bit of time to put it together, and the fabric likes to hold drink spill marks and french fry fingers, But knowing I can afordably keep my child safe, it's all worth it. Graco is really stepping up to limit the number of car seats one has to buy throughout their child's younger years.Wonderful!
very good product...Safe and Sound
I LOVE this car seat and will buy another for our 3rd child! I have used A LOT of car seats for my 2 children and this one is by far the most functional, the best quality and easiest to install. The integrated cup holder is awesome - it can't fall off! The small toy storage under the armrests is great too! The straps are easy to change from tight to loose and it was super easy to assemble and install (using the anchors, I don't know about using a seatbelt). My son loves being in the seat and when he falls asleep, his head stays up, not slumped down in his lap! It is truely the best seat on the market! My kids are small (only in the 5%ile for weight) and it fits him great, I love that it goes to 65lbs for the harness - though he would probably be 15 before he hit that weight! I would recommend this seat to anyone!Awesome Car seat!
I bought and returned another carseat to our local Walmart. Once we started using the Graco Nautilus with our grandchildren, my husband insisted I buy a second one so when we're transporting two of them they both have the best carseat.Great Carseat
I was looking for a carseat that would accommodate my 2 1/2 year old from now till he is out of carseats altogether. I wanted him in five-point harness for the next couple of years at least, and then when he's older, I'd like him in a slim, simple booster. This fit the bill. (See specs) To note, I also considered the Recaro Young Sport and Britax Frontier, but found this did the job for much less money and might outlast those pricier options because it can convert to a backless booster. (Older kids might prefer an unobstructed view out the side windows; side panels on the high back boosters can get in the way). One con with this product is that the fabric isn't as plush as the Recaro, per se, and can only be spot cleaned according to the manual.
Overall, we were impressed with the quality of this product and its price. For most parents this paired with an infant carseat is all they'd need for a child.Great carseat for 1 year old up...
I have read everything there is to read about this product and was convinced from the wonderful reviews that we had to have this for our BIG 3 y/o. To tell you how big she is she is 43 1/2 inches tall and 47 lbs. I have had multiple seats for her due to her being so tall. I am a big advocate for having your child in a 5pt harness for as long as possible. This seat is amazing. Not only does it look cool, have cool storage spots for the "important" stuff, but it's comfy! Sure, we could have spent a lot more money to have her harnessed to 80lbs, but we already have one of those seats and, well, to be honest, I'm not a big fan of that seat. I only wish that the Nautilus would have been out when I purchased that seat.

This seat is easy to use, easy to clean, comfy for the kids, and pretty darn cool looking. The Nautilus was bought to be our back up seat, however, my Daughter loves it and demanded that it be placed in my vehicle, which is the one she is in most.

The only downfall that I have come across with this seat is the harness straps do feel a bit flimsy to me. Meaning I feel like they could twist easily if you don't pay close attention to them while buckling your child in.

All in all, what a wonderful product Graco has made!Glad I finally bought it!
This Graco carseat came highly recommended by a specialist from CHOC hospital. I love that I will be able to use this car seat for many years to come. Easy to assemble. Made of good material. High safety.Great value. Great design.
I do love my new Nautilus car seat, however I did not expect it to be so huge! I think I could sit in it myself! But we have a big SUV so it fits fine and my one year old looks so comfortable and happy in it so I really don't have any complaints. I would definately recommend this for anyone except for those with small cars.Space Shuttle Car Seat!
We had some reservations at first because of the price but after seeing and using the product it is worth it. Highly recommend it to others.worth the extra money
This is a wonderful seat! My kids love them-they are very comfortable and easy to assemble. We were in a bad car accident a week after getting them and the kids were completely unharmed. I recommend them to everyone! Considering how long you can use them, they are a great value and worth every penny!love it!
I wish that this car seat was around when my boys was younger. I got this car seat for my three year old daughter, I love it and trust that it would keep my my daughter safe. My daughter loves it so much that she wants to be in it all the time. I'm working on getting a second one for our other car.
Love! Love! This Product.A very Smart buy
I consider myself a carseat junkie. In my 3 years of being a mom, I have owned 6 carseats. 3 of our seats are Britax, which I spent a fortune on. I have followed reviews on the Nautilus over the past year and the time came that I was in need of another carseat. The reviews have been so amazing, I decided to give it a go for my 3 y/o son. I am all about extended harnessing and love that this seat goes to 65lbs and then can be used in the booster mode, once the harness is outgrown.
I put this seat together with great ease and my son couldn't wait to go for a ride in his new seat! He LOVES the cupholder and cubby areas. He also rides in a Britax Regent in our other vehicle and he actually prefers the Nautilus! I'm seriously thinking about ordering another Nautilus as a back up seat. I just wish the price would stop going up. I see it being upped everywhere now.3 year old loves this seat!!
My husband and I looked on many different sites to find a great deal, without compromising our son's safety. We found are pick on simpsonracing.com. The model is called "The Gavin", which was really funny because that is our son's name. But not why we chose it! Anyway, turns out this carseat is the exact same seat, just without the "Simpson" name on it (and about $125 less). We actually bought 3 of these. The material is great and appears to come off easily for washing. There is a recline, however depending on the style of the seat in your car, it may not be able to recline much. This seat is definitely a grow-with-child kind of seat. I love it and would recommend it to anyone converting into the forward-facing carseat.Great product for a great price!!!
They make more expensive car seats,but they don't make them any better than this (I believe)...first off it converts to a booster..that means this is the last carseat i will have to buy...my son love it..its really durable..looks nice...its really heavy...i recommend you put a mat under it to protect interior....delivery was 97cents to my front door in less than week...good buy...Smart Product
I've purchased this car seat a couple of weeks ago and it has lived up to my expectations. It came in perfect condition with easy to follow instructions. I had it in my car in no time. It is easy for my 18 month old grandson to get in and out and like so many other reviews, the little storage area is perfect for small toys. The on-line price was better than the store price plus free shipping to my door!quality at a great price
I absolutely love this product. It is very durable and easy to wipe clean. It seems very comfortable. It seems very safe and well built. I would recommend this to anyone. I do wish it was a different color but it works great for a girl or boy which I like. I am a little disappointed about the recline of it. I don't know what other car seats are like but I have yet to get my 16 month old to fall asleep in it because she has never slept so upright. Also, she has trouble reaching her cup when it is in the cup holder. It is kind of far away but I'm sure it won't be long and she will be able to reach it. Definitely a great car seat!Wonderful
I bought this car seat for my 6yo son. He has a lot of medical problems so we felt it safest if he was strapped in as long as possible. This car seat has been great. He can get in and out of it by himself with no problem. He can use water bottles in the cup holder which makes him happy. He's also on the second set of holes for the straps so he'll be in it for a while. We do alot of trips where he is in it for 1-2 hours each way and he has always been comfortable in it. I found it very easy to put together. It fits great in my mini van. It's also quite a bit less expensive than the other car seats with straps that go to 65lbs.The best car seat for the price!
It was only time before someone was able to engineer a very useful and convenient convertible carseat that is durable, high quality, and available for a very reasonable cost. This cost-efficient product is fairly easy to assemble and if taken care of and used properly will be able to last several years and children. I highly recommend investing in this product.Very useful and impressive product
i have to go with thousands of positive reviews of this product. no issues in installation, very easy to use and great quality product. excellent order execution from walmart and i am definitely impressed would definitely buy from walmart.com in future again.perfect carseat!!!
I love this product, I wish I have found it earlier to use it for my baby because is the only carseat you will need. I don't recomended for new born babies but once they can start sitting is excellent. My baby is 2 1/2 now and I finally found this excellent carseat and is the only one I will have until he grows out of the carseats. You will not regret having this product.Excellent product
Read lots of reviews on this seat and then started looking for it in area stores- nowhere to be found- ordered for pick up at Wal-mart (EZ) and I it was worth the wait. Love the look, the quality and the straps are easy to get my 19 month old in and out of. My husband wants to take back his Eddie Bauer seat after getting her out of mine!! Reccomend this seat to all- set up was EZ as well.Super great value
I reviewed several carseats before purchasing the Graco Nautilus 3-in-1 for our now 17 mo. old. I reviewed carseats online and in the stores. Price was not an option because I wanted the best for my child. We wanted a forward-facing carseat that would be comfortable, safe and take him into his youth-we found that in this carseat. It was so easy to assemble once it was removed from the box. My son was so excited about the carseat that he "helped" me set it up and immediately plopped into it-he practiced getting into it and getting out of it. He loves the sippy cup holder! I love the fact that the carseat is padded and is comfortable for him. I also like the adjustable head rest. The only issue I have with this carseat is that in order to remove the pad and clean it, you have to physically remove it from the carseat and remove the safety straps and the whole seat-which means, if you have taken the seat to the Sheriff's Dept. to have it checked out by a safety tech, like we did, you have to take it in again to have it checked all over if you remove the pad. ARGH! Very frustrating that you can adjust the straps and all without removing the seat, but you cannot remove the pad for washing without removing the whole seat! GRACO-you must make this change in your new seats! I can see how this is NOT safe-once you've installed your seat and had it checked out for safety reasons, then your child vomits all over the seat and you need to wash the pad, you have to remove the WHOLE CARSEAT to remove the pad. Which means another appnt. to have the tech check it again to make sure that it is safe. We are very conscious about the safety of our only child, so of course we spent the time to have it re-checked, but I can see how other parents might not want to spend the additional time to do so. I highly recommend this carseat. We purchased two-one for my car and one for my husband's car. We bought them in the bundle and had them sent "Site to Store". They arrived in less than a week. I just hope my son doesn't vomit on the carseat again anytime soon! :)Great carseat-highly recommend
First of all, I'm a Dad (Yes, Dads do go to Walmart to buy car seats and install them! lol)
One of the main reasons that I've chosen this car seat is because the harness can hold a kid up to 65 lbs. I don't think there are many other car seats can do the same.
I've had it for a couple of months now. So far, I have no complaints! Actually, there is one: Why didn't Graco make this when I was growing up???
It's very easy to install (it took me about 10 minutes). I have not experienced any problems with the arm rests like other consumers have. It's pretty easy to take off the LATCHes and move the seat from one car to another (it takes me less than 5 minutes each time).
Anyway, hopefully this is the last seat I have to buy for my 34-month old, 34-lbs son or he'll have to work at McDonald to buy his own seat next time! lol...
Hope this helps! :-)It's perfect!
I just bought this car seat a week ago. It is cheaper online than in the store, so buy online if you can. I had no trouble assembling the seat. My daughter is 2 1/2, she is 3 feet tall and only 25 pounds, she is almost too tall for her other convertible seat. This seat is great because it has more height adjustments. Her playtex cups fit perfectly in the cup holder. The seat belts adjust very smoothly. All in all this is the best seat on the market!The perfect seat for toddlers.
I have a 2 1/2 year old son who just out grew his last carseat which was a different brand and was suppost to last quite a while but he reached the top of the last one and this one we have now is wonderful it was so easy to install and he likes it..I love the idea that its a 3 in 1 carseat and I wont have to by a high back booster and then regular booster onces he reaches the point where he needs them..I am very happy with the product.....Very nice..
This is a great car seat, easy to set up and my baby loves it. I like the extra storage area as my baby loves to play with toys while he is in the car. It is comfortable if he sleeps. The only thing it is heavy, if you have to move between cars will be a hard work.Great item
I bought this product after my son turn 1 and I am fixing to buy another one for the other car! I love it because I don't have to buy another car seat after this! I would suggest this car seat to any one!Very Great Product!
My was one when we bought this seat. I was immediately drawn to it because it had a cup holder and was a perfect color for the mess kids makes. He still has that seat and he is almost two. I love it, it is secure and gives me a calm feeling knowing that this was not a cheap car seat that would not protect my baby. Adjusting the straps is also a big plus.Wonderful
Bought this car seat for my big 2 year old. He had already grown out of his car seat before his 2nd birthday. This seat is big and he fits in it perfect. He loves the cup holder. He is my 3rd child and I wish I had this seat for all of them. It would have been great for him earlier also. Glad I purchased this seat.Great car seat
I love this car seat its very nice its kinds high in price but well worth it my son love it!!Very nice
I have 2 of these car seats now. I purchased the first one in 2008, and just purchased the second in March 2010. We absolutely love them! I have recommended it to several people. My boys don't ever mind getting in their car seats. They seem comfortable when they are in them. The seats work very well with the LATCH system. Very quick and easy to install. They are durable and safe. Would definitely recommend this product!!! :o)LOVE IT!!!!
We wanted one of thse seats for my three year old, he is tall for his age and the regular car seat was getting ridiculous. This had all the things we were looking for...5 point harness, LATCH system, a back that could be moved up when he gets taller and a removable back for a backless booster. WE LOVE it. The only issue was putting it together, which really wasn't much of an issue, I just suggest using the instruction manual.LOVE THIS SEAT
I really liked how I would never have to buy another car seat. I bought this for my 1 year old son and he really likes it. I had a little trouble getting it secure in my car but I had that issue with the old car seat as well. The only problem is when he falls asleep his head falls forward.good value
I love this car seat, my son is 6 and is handicap, so we needed something that would be supportive and comfy. We've had it for 2 years now and still is very nice. Never had any problems with it and so happy we got it.Great car seat for handicap child
This car seat is fantastic. Bought it for my 3 year old, and was a little bit worried the 5 point harness would not fit him as this seemed to be the main issue about this seat.
However, my boy has no problem using the 5 point harness, the seat fits fine.
We are delighted with it, and our son loves it!Fantastic car seat!!!
Excellent carseat, durable and easy to use. We bought one for our first car and then ended up buying a second for our commuter car. Easy to use, our 2 yr old son loves using cupholder and 'secret storage' on the side for trains, cars and goldfish crackers. It's a very solid carseat especially for the reasonable price! A bit bulky when you first install but as long as you're not switching it from vehicle to vehicle as we were then it's fine! Definitely recommend it! Easy to clean and temperature wise comfortable throughout the year (doesn't sweat like other carseats). I have a sense of security with this carseat that I didn't with others, maybe it's false but it's just the feeling I have.Great Carseat!
We love this car seat - it is very easy to install very securely and is exactly as described! We will use it for years to come and plan to get the same one for our second car.Excellent
I love this car seat. My son just turned 3yrs old and is in the 90+ percentile for height and weight meaning he is now exceeding the weight limits of his old car seat when it came to the 5pt harness. I read reviews and decided on this car seat since it will take him to 65lbs in the 5 pt harness which I am hoping last us for at least another year hopefully two. 3yrs old was just to young to use a booster. The ease of getting my son in and out of this car seat is amazing. I am now looking at purchasing one for my daughter even though she is 2yrs younger but just due to the ease it is worth the extra $$$.Easy in - Easy out
This car seat is a MUST HAVE! I recently ordered my second one for my second child. My son has no problem sitting in it for long car rides and he loves his own cup holder and secret little storage compartments. It's super easy to clean as well. The only downfall is that it is pretty heavy. We don't need to take it out of our van very often, only if my parents need it when they have my son overnight. It fits great in their truck though, and I have no other complaints! Definitely worth the money!!!!MUST HAVE CARSEAT!
I feel safe driving around with my son buckled into this product.High Quality
This seat is amazing! There is plenty of room for my daughter and she seems to be very comfortable in it. Putting it together couldn't have been made easier along with adjusting for the size my daughter needs. I would recommend this chair to everyone! we will never have to purchase another seat since she can be in it until 100lbs. LOVE IT! Thank you Graco.Love it, love it, love it
I am using this car seat for my second son who is 17 months old (21 lbs). He loves his car seat and seems very happy and comfortable in it. This carseat has a wonderful head support and my sons head never falls while he sleeps. My older son always had his head falling on the sides with his carseat therefore I wanted a seat with a better head support and this carseat really does that. Looks very sturdy, is a little heavy to carry though.
I believe it is a very good deal for its price and is worth every penny I paid for.Great Buy
Great product. With practice, it is easy to install & uninstall.Good Investment
I chose this car seat after doing a lot of research and am very happy with the purchase. It was a little hard to assemble but once assembled it was easy to install. My 21 month old (30 lbs and 35 inches) loves this seat, he likes the cupholders and storing his paci in the storage compartments in the arm rests. The straps are easy to open with one hand and have yet to twist. Knowing that we can keep him harnessed to 65 lbs and then in the booster and backless booster up to 100 lbs makes me very satisfied with this purchase.Highly Recommend!
This car seat grows with the child. Keeps my grandchildren safe from young to old. easy to install in the car and strong.worth the money
I read tons of reviews on this car seat and this is actually one of the safest car seats available. My daughter is 2 and she loves this car seat. It has plenty of room for her to grow. Her favorite thing about it is the cup holder. I have always had problems with car seat wiggling after securing them in. This one does not move after buckling it in place especially with the Latch system. I am very pleased with Wal-Marts price as well. I looked many places and it was the cheapest price I could find.Very Great Car Seat
good way to save monet 10 yearsOne car seat for the TEN YEARS SAVE MONEY
I have two very tall toddlers and this seat has worked so well for them.. they look so comfortable.. for both infant seats we had the britax and I love the quality of these graco seats just as much.. very sturdy and easy to install..Love this booster seat
I had gotten a girl version of this for my 17 month old daughter. We loved it so much that we decided to get this one for my 3 year old son who loves this car seat as well. It is a lot less bulky than his older one. And more stylish. The cup holder and storage compartments are a plus. I love how it will grow with them until they are 100 pounds. Love it!Replaced previous car seat with this one.
This car/booster seat combo is wonderful. I have an 18 month old daughter and she can now face forward in the car. It's a wonderful thing! It's very easy to use and she can get in and out of it herself easily. Would highly recommend this product. I am very satisfied with my purchase.Very good car/booster seat
I was very pleased to find a 5 point harness for my 2.5 year old who was out growing her convertible seat in length, but is still too tiny for a traditional booster. With its steel frame, the Nautilus rates highly for safety and is one of the more affordable options with a 5pt harness. The police officer who installed it for me said that it is what his son is in as well. My little one is pleased with her new "big girl seat" and I'm pleased that it will be the last seat she will ever need.

If you are impatient at all, please keep in mind that Site-to-Store shipping may be free, but it took nearly 3 weeks to get to meLowest online pricing
This is a great car seat for the money. I have purchased the more expensive brands in the past and my daughter and I both like this one much better. She has room to grow and finds the seat very comfortable. Th cup holder is great too. We purchased this seat several months ago with the intention that it would last us until she no longer needs any sort of car seat/booster; and we purchased the exact same model recently for our second car.Excellent value
We have 2 of these car seats. My Boys LOVE THEM!!
I do too! They are so much more comfortable than their old seats!Love IT!!!!
We purchased this car seat for our 21 month old. He loves it. It is so comfortable and a having a cupholder is an added bonus. Very easy to put together and install. It seems very sturdy and safe. Would recommend this to others.Great Car Seat
This is the second one of these seats that I have purchased, so obviously, I'm a fan. My only nit-pick would be that it doesn't recline very far. I love that it's not as bulky as many other seats, though. And this is by far the best price I found . . . even better than the Wal-Mart in-store price. And they shipped it to the house for $1. Can't beat that.Great car seat!
We purchased this seat for our 40 lb 3 year old after a fellow hospital co-worker recommended it. She works as a Certified Passenger Safety Technician, and raved about how "This is the first seat that has a 65 lb weight limit for the 5-point harness," which really puts this seat in a class of its own. You should keep your child in a 5-point restraint for as long as the harness weight limit allows since this is by far the safest. The head support is also one of the best around with great side impact protection. The fabric wipes clean easily, and the seat was practically assembled coming out of the box. My only minor complaint about this seat after a month or so of use is that the front tether which tightens the 5-point harness is difficult to pull tight since you have to pull straight up on it. It's just an awkward movement in comparison to the last seat we had which utilized tightening 'dials' on the side of the seat; these were much more user-friendly. Other than that, it seems great, and our 3 year-old seems very comfortable in it. He loves the large drink/snack holder and the little 'cubbies' under the arm rests to stash his toy cars and sunglasses. Overall, we would definitely give this seat 5 stars and would recommend this seat without hesitation.Best Seat for the Money
Love this seat! The fabric is beautiful, features are great. It'll last us for 6 years. My little guy loves it too. We set it up, and he kept climbing in it. It seems very comfortable. The latch and tether were very easy to use.Great Seat
Just received this car seat. My 1 year old son was getting too long for his infant seat even though according to the product details he could use it for a few more inches and pounds. Nice to have a product that converts from 5 point harness to toddler seat and then to booster all in one. I would recommend this seat. Great for a good price.All-in-one product
We ordered this seat after MUCH research! We currently use a Britax Marathon and were looking for a second seat for my husband's car and to be able to use in others' cars when needed. If I was going to invest in a good seat, i wanted it to last. I love that this seat has the 5-point-harness up to 65 pounds whereas most other boosters only go to 40lbs. The instruction booklet was very clear as far as set up. I had to adjust both the between the legs (the site won't let me use the correct/technical term) buckle and shoulder straps and it was so easy. I love that this seat has the front-enabled strap tightener/adjuster. My daughter was SO excited to get her new seat and loved sitting in it. I almost couldn't keep her away as I was finishing adjusting it. The cupholder is great and I love that it's not some flimsy thing stuck on the side or simply one that is on the side at all. The height was easy to adjust. I am SO happy with my purchase and would recommend it to anyone!Great Seat
We've had our car seat now for about a week and I haven't found anything that I don't like about it. I was surprised at how heavy this model was compared to our infant car seat but that's also a plus for me since we have a small car (ford focus). I feel much better that our daughter's car seat is so hefty and strong if we would ever get into an accident. When we secured it into the car it was snug and secure... Like it was part of the car itself. The cup holder is a great extra too to hold toys for her too at this age (12 months).Heavy duty and nice looking
After researching for months on a safe carseat for my two grandchildren this one was the best! This carseat has been proven to be one of the safest carseats on the market. Also it grows with your child. I love it! 5 Stars!!!!!!! PS the price is lower on Walmart.comPerfect!
we bought this seat when my son reached 40 pounds because we wanted to keep him in a 5 point harness a little longer. it is a great seat, it shipped in no time at all, and was very easy to put together and install in my honda pilot. one problem, i could not get a tight install in the middle seat because the seatbelt comes out of the roof, but had no problem with super tight install on the outside seats. my son loves the cupholder and little cubbies for toys.Great carseat
My son loves this car seat. I had a Britax Decathalon, but I like this one even better. We moved to Decathalon to my husbands car and I got this one.Wonderful car seat
This is one of the best car seat product developed by Graco. I have just started using this car seat for my daughter of 14 months and I think this is best for her. She really likes it and belive me she dont want to get out of car because of this !!

Very solid in quality and comfortable in nature. Thanks Graco and thanks to Walmart for selling it at affordable price.Excellent Car Seat
My toddler is very tall, so this is the third car seat I have bought in the past 2 1/2 years. I previously owned a Chicco infant seat and Maxi Cosi car seat, and the Graco is just as good as the pricier brands. It is much easier to install, and the harness straps are so easy to adjust. I drive a Mazda 3, so we have had issues in the past finding a seat that was small enough to fit in the middle section of the back seat. This seat fits perfectly with room to spare. The harness straps can be used up to 65 pounds, and you can adjust the height of the seat as well. My daughter absolutely loves her "big girl" seat because it has a cup holder and compartments where she can hide small toys. The only down side I have found is that my daughter's neck isn't supported well when she sleeps, but unfortunately this is the case with most convertible car seats. I love this seat, and I highly recommend it!A Great Buy
I have two of these car seats- one for my two-year-old and now one for my one-year-old. I've recommended it to several friends who have asked about forward-facing car seats.

The straps are so wonderful! They tighten & loosen so smoothly, and I think that is the best part about this car seat. I used to have one that was such a pain to tighten. When you have two kids to strap in, straps that are easy to use and adjust is a big deal!

I also like that the seat converts to a high-back booster and then a regular booster, so I'll never have to search for another car seat for these kids!Recommend
We bought two of these car seats. One for each vehicle. So far we love it. Since it transitions for each stage, it is a great deal. The dark color works for small ones. The straps fit well.Great Purchase
I shopped around online and at different stores for this product. It was rated highly on Consumersreport.org, therefore it is the product I am looking for. Other websites and at the stores price were at least $20 to $40 higher. Setting up was pretty easy. You have the option of using your car's seat belt system or the latch system. If your car has the latch system, use that instead of the seat belt system because it is more secure. The latch to release the buckle system on the baby was a bit tricky. You will need to feel with your finger a latch and then lift up on it and pull the buckle straps in order to loosen up the secure straps. I highly recommend this Graco 3-n-1 car seat. Maximum weight is 100 pounds. Convertible to booster seat for older toddlers.Great product at great price
My husband and I bought this car seat for our growing two year old when he was under 18 months because he had just plain outgrown our other convertible car seats. He is now two, and has not been in any other style seat since.

Pro:

***We love the fact that it will convert with each stage..even into a booster, and work through to 8 years old.
***We will most likely not have to buy this two year old another car seat.
***Cover/Padding does not come off like on other car seats

Con:
***When pushing down on the red lever to unbuckle, the safety harness clips get stuck at times, allowing one or both sides to not release. In order to get them to release, we have to re-buckle, and then unbuckle...sometimes more than once.
***It is big and bulky

We also have a 1 year old, and a baby on the way. We will most definitely be buying more of these for our children. WE ARE SOLD!!!:-) SOLD!!! :-)
Agree with all the great reviews for this seat. Love the 3 booster options. Only 2 things I didn't like or wish they did different. My last seat was a Britax roundabout and miss a couple of features it had on it that this seat doesn't.
1. The location of the lever to adjust the straps. Took me forever to find it - I was use to just pushing a button on my Britax to adjust/slappen the straps.
2. the hooks to attach it to the latch system - miss the quick release/seat belt like latch on the britax that made taking taking the seat in and out so easy.

If graco could incorporate these to features this seat would be perfect.Pretty neat seat.
This car seat is the best car seat I have ever bought. I bought 2, one for my son and daughter and they like it a lot. It's comfortable for them and keeps them from slouching their body when they fall asleep. I like the cupholder, it keeps cups from falling out. They are big in size but all it's other features outweight that. Great product once again.Awesome Product
I got this carseat for my little over 2 year old beacues she was getting to tall for her other forward facing carseat. I read tons of reviews and looked at lots of seats. My daughter has used hers for 6 months and loves it. She is a big girl with a cup holder and loves her cubby holes on the sides. It is HEAVY but to me that insures safety and security. I move it form car to car with no problem latching it and getting it tight. I havent had any problems wiht the straps twisting or the croch part being to far back. Some times my daught can sleep perfect in it other times her head will fall but a neck pillow is an easy fix. I just had to take it apart and clean it for the first time and it is in a lot of pieces but nothing I couldnt handle. I have no complaints on the material like others did.
I wish it was rear facing but it clearly states its not. My 5 month old is about to out grow her infant seat and I plan to get her a Nautilus when she turns one. I also wish that the padded insert was attached some how to keep it from moving after the straps are above the lowest setting. I keep it in to help protect the bottom from getting as dirty but sometimes it gets messed up behind her.
Also i read a review that said theirs came and it was already a year old but i didnt have that. I got mine in march and it was manufactered in January so it was only 3 months old so no complaints about that!!
I LOVE THIS CARSEAT!!!!Great carseat!!!!
I am so sorry that this was not invented two years ago, I now own 3 of these car seats, one for each car. I have a 40 in tall 3 year old that loves the cubby holes and I love the harness capacity. So easy to install and clean. I would never have bought the other car seats I have owned if this one was available.Great Car Seat!!!
FYI this seat is not rear facing... babies r us advertises it as a convertible seat however it is front facing onlyGreat Seat/Not rear facing
I bought this carseat specifically because of all the great customer reviews...and I have to say everyone was right! I love this carseat. It was simple to install and the price is great! I just couldn't spend the money for a Britax, but in all the reviews this seat was compared to the Britax at a much better price. I'm currently using this seat for my 1 year old daughter. She just meets the minimum requirements and she seems very comfortable. I love knowing that I'll never have to buy another carseat again!love this!!
This is everything I had expected and more, simple setup and verry durable. I would recomend this to anyone.Great Product
I just bought my second Graco Nautilus 3 in 1 Multiuse car seat. Loved the first one I bought for my great granddaughter so much that I bought a second one for my other great granddaughter. They will be able to use these until they are to big for car seats. They look great and are very easy to get the children in and out of. NO only that, but they are probably the best out there that I have seen for safety. You can not go wrong with one of these.a very helpful product
Seems like a great carseat! However, I searched for "Convertible Car Seats" and due to the 3-in-1 name, thought that it was a convertible. I had to return it to my local WalMart after it shipped because my 8 month old can't use it yet.Not what I was looking for
I love this car seat. I have been in the fire/ambo service for over 23 years and my husband is a state trooper so we searched high and low for the best seat out there. The only complaint is that it is a little difficult to adjust the shoulder straps. Our old Graco had wheels to turn on the side. We love that this one goes above her head so if we crash anything in the back of the truck won't hit her in the head. The cup holder and cubbies are a big hit with her. We also like that she can stay in it as a 5 point harness for so long. Overall, it is a great seat!only 1 complaint
Only problem after purchase we found out that ND law prohibits a baby under the age of 2 to be in a car seat like this. We thought since he was 20lbs and the seat had an infant insert that this would be even safer than the carrier carseat he is scrunched into.Excellant product
when looking at car seats for my son who was 10 months and 25 pounds i came across this one. we searched through hundreds of car seats before buying this one. it was installed within minutes and the straps keep him secure. and he loves it. he hates being in a car seat but now car rides arent so bad. weve had it for only a few months now but we have had absolutly now issues with it so far. im looking forward to not buying another one for him since it grows with him. i will be definately buying another one for our next baby due in Oct 09.better than i thought!!!
Wonderful carseat! I bought one about a year ago for my daughter & loved it, so we bought it again for our son who just turned 1.

Great buy!Wonderful Carseat
Very easy to install. The grow with me part look very easy to adjust when child meets next weight/height requirements. Fits nice in the backseat, easy to take my daughter in and out with the easy straps and release button.Easy to install
I had bought this car seat a year ago for my daughter's car and we have been very happy with it we purchased one for your car for convenience.LakeGrandma
My son bought this car seat for my 3 year old grandson. They liked it so much I decided to get one for myself for when I have to travel with him in my car. My grandson is tall for his age and I feel he will be very safe in this car seat. It is very well constructed and I like that it will go from infant age all the way up until he no longer needs a car seat. Well worth the money.Great Product!
We love this carseat! My son loves it! Easy to put together and install and easy to use. So far we have no complaints with it. Love the cup holder and the cubbies for his toys. I feel that he is very safe and secure in it...and that's the most important thing!Love the carseat!
This car seat will last my daughter until she is finished with a booster seat. Very durable a little hard for installation but I think that is just how Graco car seats are. I would definately recommend.Great car seat
I shopped around for awhile before i made this purchase i went to babiesrus first and then went online for all reviews after shopping around and talking to the sale people i bought it .mind you i aready own to britex carseats but they do not have a cup holder or do have way to raise the height on back or covert to a booster seat 3 in on cant beat thatwalmarts price rocks
I was looking for a seat for my 4 and 6 year olds and wasn't ready for a regular booster, as I know the 5 point harness is safer. So, I figured if I could get 1 more year (6 YO) in a 5 point and 2 more (4 YO), I'd be happy. PLUS, the seat is comfortable and allows them to comfortably sleep, if needed. Their head does not fall off the side like it did in the Turbo Booster. I purchased this seat above others because of the 5 point and Graco's saftey record and reviews on Consumer Reports. It rated better than the similar Britax seat and was less expensive. I've recommended this seat to friends and they've all loved it!As Promised
I LOVE this carseat! And so does my 1 year old! I love how sturdy it is and she seems very comfortable. Great product!Love this carseat
this so far has been a great carseat. our daughter looks very comfortable in it and it has great safety ratings/features. my engineer husband loves the way it is designed for maximum protection in an accident. just be aware it is only a forward facing carseat so if your infant is under 1, even if he/she is over 20 lbs., they cannot use this seat until they are a little older.great carseat
I bought this carseat cause my friend has one for her daughter,her daughter is only a year older than mine but alot bigger and she still fits in her carseat so i decided to spend the extra money and buy this one....my daughter has used my friends carseat a a few times and loved it and due to the fact that it will grow with her until she is ready to just sit on the reg seat in a car i decided it was worth spening the extra money.very durable....nice thick plastic and good medal.I esp like the fact that the 5 point harness can and will in our house be used until 65 pounds thats a biggy for us :-Dgreat carseat worth every penny
I purchased the graco turbo booster for our soon to be 5 year old. It was for our second vehicle and he rides 98% of the time in my van in a britax frontier 85. I am a strong advocate of extended harnessing and extended rear facing so I never felt comfortable with my son in the high back booster even though he well exceeds the minimum height and weight requirements. I decided to take another look at the nautilus (I originally purchased one as his primary seat but returned it because I am partial to britax seats). I am very happy with the nautilus. My son is very tall for not even being 5 yet (46 1/2 inches and 48 lbs) and he still has one more harness slot to grow. I know I will be able to keep him harnessed for quite a while and I feel that he is so much safer in this seat than the dedicated high back booster. I would totally feel comfortable with him in the nautilus as a booster because it has so much more protection, but if he still fits in the 5 point harness than thats where he will stay for now.Better than turbo booster
My husband and I went car seat shopping just before my daughter turned 1-year-old. We were looking for something that would meet all of our needs and wouldn't be too expensive. A lot of the car seats out there look nice, but they are hard to clean or difficult to install and are really heavy. I looked at a few sites online and found some great reviews on the Graco Nautilus and I was sold! I trust Graco's products and the car seat was perfect for our daughter. I was even impressed with the shipping because it only cost me $0.97 and it was delivered to my house in only 2 days! My daughter loves her new car seat and I'm glad that it is designed to grow right along with her.Very Impressed
I think it's great, but I don't like the pad thing that goes around the bottom button of the harnes. It moves around and is hard to buckle in my son with it in the way. Other than that, it was great all around!Love it
I Love this car seat 3 in one and Save money with walmart !
Super Fast shipping,Great Value
This car seat is wonderful! I bought this for my 3 year old daughter who has outgrown her convertible seat, but I still want to keep her in the 5 point harness. We love it so much, I'm going to buy another one for my daughter who is almost 1.Great car seat
MY DAUGHTER LOVES THIS CAR SEAT! I had a hard time deciding whether to buy this car seat or the My Ride 65. After extensive comparing I realized that clearly this was the better choice. In the picture it seems realy tall but when I put my daughter in it at the store she fit perfectly. The recline feature is my favorie, no more sleeping with her head tilted forward. It was a little confusing putting together an installing in the vehicles, but that wouldnt discourage me from buying it again and again if I had to. it really is a great purchase! (cant express that enough!) The reason I gave 4 stars on 'Meets Expectations' is because the side storage wasnt what I thought it was gonna be. It can hold small stuff but its really no biggy. Kinda not necessary, for my daughter anyway. Other than that a great product. I LOVE GRACO! (her infant car seat/stroller were Graco too.)AWESOME 3-IN-1 CAR SEAT!
I love this chair! It has just enough room for my son to keep growing. The only thing is that on long car rides the recline really doesn't recline so that his head lays back, if he is in a deep sleep his head kind of just leans forward. Other than that this chair is wonderful.Awesome Product
my daughter loves it she sits comfortably in it i love how the seatbelt hugs her i also love the safety pads it has on the belts love love lovelove it
I bought this seat for my 3 1/2 year old because my one year old took his carseat...Decathlon Britax. I considered myself a Britax snob but honestly LOVE the graco and if was 1/2 the price. This Graco has lots of great reviews and my friend which is a car seat advocate praised it! After doing lots of research I found that walmart.com was cheaper than at the actual store plus I was able to ship it to my house for .97cents. Shipping said it would take 10 business days but received it in 3 days.Love it!
the price was great and i really like this product. Mt son hated car seats bit after this i swear he loves it. he gets to see outside and it sits up not laying down thats why.car seat
I really love this seat. I have been waiting for a while to get it bc my son is very large and had out grown his baby seat, but he wasnt a year old yet so I had to get a cheap one untill then and let me tell you, you get what you pay for! I love love love it, and so does my son which is great!

I like that the cup holder is place in the arm so it doesnt take up any extra room in the back. My son has short arms so he sometimes has a hard time reaching inside the holder if a toy falls in. Also I was a bit worried about cleaning the cup holder out because you can not remove it from the chair, so I just put a paper towel down and that works fine.

I can say that one thing that I am worried about is that there is not much extra belt on the 5 point harness. My son is a bit of a chunk and I have some room to pull it tight still but If you baby is chunky you might try that out before putting it into your car.

The main thing that I love is that with this chair I will never have to buy another carseat! So if I were you I would spend the money once and get a great chair rather then buying one that cost less and have to turn around in a year or so and get a booster. Also I think it makes my son kinda fill like a big kid too.LOVE IT!
I am a mommy of 5 and have tried alot of carseats over the years. This is by far the best one we have owned. We bought one about two years ago for our (at the time) 1 year old son. We liked it so well when our daughter turned 1 we bought another one for her. I just bought one for my 10 month old nephew, his mommy loves it to. The only down side was it was a pain to put together the first time but most carseats are.Have two in this carseat
Ni complaints with this car seat at all. We bought 2 of these 2 years ago for my first son. It was east to install and also not that difficult to take out and then reinstall if you have to. They are very comfortable as well. They are so good, that we just bought 2 more for my 2nd son who will be in this car seat very shortly.Best car seats
The best car seat ever! We just bought our second of this car seat because we love it so much! It is so strong and comfy! My son loves it and I feel like he is always safe in it! It is also a booster seat with the latch system which is wonderful because most boosters slide all over! Would recommend this car seat to anyone! So worth the money! They need to be at least 18 months to fit in it.Love it
Seems to be very good quality at a reasonable price! I especially liked the built in cup holder as opposed to the cup holder attachment (which pokes outward) in my other car seat. Looks like the cover will slip off for a wash in case there are any messy (i.e. food, etc.) incidents. My daughter is especially excited about her new car seat!Very Nice!
I researched a long time before deciding on this seat for my 3 year old son. My 1 year old was ready to move out of his carrier seat, so he moved to the convertible seat my 3 year old was in. I was not ready to put him in a high back booster yet because he is still little for his age. So this is the perfect seat! He can stay in the 5 point harness up to 65 lbs, which will be a long time, then it will grow with him. My son is now almost 4 and he is still in the harness with plenty of room to grow. I will definitely be buying one for my younger son as well!I Love This Carseat!
Bought these for my great grandsons and they love them. Mom loves them as they are very well built and have all safety features. Great value also.Great seat, great value
I love the fact that it can be used from age 1 all the way to age 10. My daughter is comfortable in it and seems to like it too.Love this seat!
I would recommend this to anyone. I love it so much that I couldnt stop bragging about it and my bragging of how awesome it is convinced my neighbor to get them for her kids and reharness her 5yr old for his safety because his booster didnt keep him safe enough.

Not only will they last forever as long as they are not in an accident, but for such a high quality long lasting product the price is more than worth it and very reasonable as well!! It really does make a big difference and my son is a lot more comfortable due to the foam they use for the seat for force absorption so their car naps and rides are a lot more snuggle for them.

It allows you to harness your child longer until they are 65lbs and the head rest moves with their height with more harness hole options under it, there are seat belt guards for when they pass the 65lb mark for a high back booster and when they are close to 100lbs you are able to use just the bottom piece for a backless booster. With no accidents this carseat will last you throughout childhood. (a carseat once subjected to an accident should not be used again)

I am so happy I bought this for my son and I know you will be just as satisfied.You will not regret buying it!!
I bought this seat for my first child who is now two and we would not trade this seat for anything. It is easy to take apart and clean and my son loves it cause he says its a race car seat!!!Love this seat
My daughter seems comfortable in her new seat!Very good carseat
This looks so great and is so much comfortable and easy to assemble..Awsome Product
We purchased this seat about 2yrs ago when our now 3yr old outgrew his infant seat. Our new baby just turned 1 and is very long & husky! We immediately checked online for the new "top safety" seat and was very surprised this one still held a top ranking!! If it isn't broke then don't fix it, right?! We new what to buy at that point!Love this seat!! Second time around buying it!!
We just bought this carseat a couple of weeks ago because my son outgrew his other car seat. I was hesitant at first because of so many reviews complaining about the 5 point harness clips sticking. I have had no problems at all. I picked this model because you can use the 5 point harness up to 65 pounds and we have used a graco infant seat in the past. So far, my son loves this car seat, great cup holder and places on both sides to put his matchbox cars and other little toys. Also, the bigger car seat can be bulky, this one is just the perfect size. We are thinking of getting one for our younger child! Great price and value!Graco carseat
This seat is great! I have a small suv and my daughters legs ran out of room in her graco 65 convertable seat. So we looked at the graco nautilus and wouldn't changed a thing! She has all her leg room back. It sits straight and she has as much leg room as she would with a booster seat. Also the thought of not having to buy another car seat is amazing! Highly recommend this seat! Built with quality and very padded for comfort. Our daughter asks for car rides to sit in her new seat.Great space saver
We have had this carseat for approximately one month now. We absolutely LOVE it. My 2 year old son loves his new seat and fits comfortably in it. I feel very safe having my son in this seat. It is very simple to put together. It is also a little heavy compared to the old car seat we had, but it also has steel in it. The directions were simple.

IT IS NOT A REAR FACING CARSEAT! Saying that your child should be ONE YEAR to be in it.

This car seat is a great buy. Once you buy this carseat you wont have to get another! I saved 30 dollars by buying it online campared to our local super walmart. If you are looking for a good carseat for you child this is the one, your child will not outgrow it, it is relatively cheap, it is very sturdy. It grows with your child from harness, to shoulder belt, to booster seat.Love the carseat!
Have been using this car seat for my 3 year old son for the past month. He loves it and it was easy to install. Love the cup holder built in and that it will hopefully be the last car seat we will have to buy for him!!Great So Far
Great product, only in the first of three stages with it. Snap buckles are a little difficult, but should work better with time. No complaints, will probably buy another when youngest gets to this age.Great product!
We have had the seat for our son for almost 2 years and I will be getting another one when our 2nd son is old enough! 100 % worth the money! Our son is still in the harness and will be untill he reaches the weight limit. Hands down the best seat! I really like that it will grow with him!BEST CAR SEAT EVER!!
I absolutely love this car seat. My son loves the cup holders and the cubby under the arms. A little hard to snap together but well worth the trouble!!! Plan on ordering another one for my daughter!!Great for the Price
We bought this car seat for my daughter (from a friends recommendation) and then when my son needed to get a bigger seat we decided to go with the same seat. It is easy to install....my oldest can buckle and unbuckle on her own (which is important since she is in the back of the van) and it is comfortable for them. My only complaint is that there is an additional padding that gets really bunched up when the kids crawl into the seat. It is removable however. AND the kids love the fact that there is a cup holder. AND THE BEST PART ABOUT THE PURCHASE OF THE SECOND SEAT IS THAT WE FOUND IT AT WALMART FOR $50.00 CHEAPER THEN THE FIRST ON WE BOUGHT, THEY SHIPPED IT TO MY HOUSE FOR FREE AND IT WAS HERE SOOOOO FAST (IT CAME ON A SAT)....DAYS BEFORE IT WAS EVEN SUPPOSED TO ARRIVE!!!! GOOOOO WALMARTgreat car seat
This product is the best car seat ever and saves you money cause you will not have to purchase a booster seat this one has one already.Outstanding
We purchased this seat when my son began forward facing at 2.5 years old. Side note: The law is one year, but I am very passionate about extended rear-facing. It's a nice sturdy seat that took my husband about 5 minutes to install in our Jeep Liberty. My son loves it and think's he's so cool with his own cup holder! The chest clip is thin and feels cheap which surprises me since the rest of the seat is solid and feels high quality. I still love it and will recommend it for sure!Easy to install, sturdy seat!
This is a great car seat. Easy to put together, great features, and we loved the convertible features for as our child grows. The setup was a breeze and we had it in our car in minutes within out of the box.

Walmart had fast shipping and the website was so easy to use.

Great product.Very nice car seat
As you may know there is a very big variety of car seats out there and it is never easy to make the correct choice. Well, this time I relied on the Walmart customer reviews and got what I was looking for. This seat complies with all security standards but above all is very easy to install and you baby is comfortably attached to the seat. This is high quality product and very well designed. The price at Walmart is unbeatable! Thank you Graco for making this.Excellent seat at excellent price, and very conf
We own 2 Graco Safeseat Step 2 toddlers and 1 Nautilus car seat. The Nautilus is a much better car seat and has the ability to convert to a high back booster and a booster as your child grows. Keeping your kid in a 5 point harness is the safest option out there and this seat allows you to do that. After your child outgrows his infant seat, you can pretty much move into a Nautilus as long as you meet the height and weight restrictions. Then the car seat will grow with your child and you never have to buy another car seat again!!!Awesome Carseat
comfortable for the toddler, well made, grows with the child in the years he will be needing this. Very pleased with packaging product and price. Recommend this item.Graco Car Seat
I have a 5 1/2 year old who is only 35 lbs but needs to get in and out of her carseat by herself as I am pregnant. She can get in and out with ease. I love how she can do this and I still feel that she is safe in this seat.Fabulous for older kids
This is a great car seat that I've seen save one of my colleague's child's life. It is also the easiest we've owned to get in and out of the car for that inevitable trip with an aunt or uncle or other family member.Safe seat, easy in and out!
The carseat was easy to set up. Has deep pocket for drinks/snacks. Car seat goes from 20 lbs. to over 100 lbs. (booster seat). Walmart was the least expensive price.Great carseat for growing child
I have three of these for my three kids...ages 1, 4, 6. I feel it is very safe and the kids are comfortable on long trips! I am very happy with this carseat! The price is good too!Great from little to big kids (5 point harness)
This car seat is really comfortable. My son falls asleep easily on it.
However, the car seat swings a little bit even though the loop is already very tight.My son loves his car seat
I am very happy with my purchase. It was a good price and it arrived quickly.great carseat
We just bought this car seat a couple of days ago and took it for a spin today.My 18 month old loves it and fell right asleep in it. It seems very comfortable and looks good too. I would definitely recommend this product.best value for money
I wanted to keep my 4 year old (40 lbs) in 5 point restraint. There seemed to be 2 options. This carseat and the britax frontier. I went with this one because I needed 3 seats and this one was the beat.for my budget. Love the seat. No issues.i like the attention to side impact technology
This seat is worth every penny I paid for it for my grandson. If my stepdaughter takes care of it, it should last throughtout his years to the booster seat. My grandson is a tall one-year old and he is so comfortable in the seat and LOVES to look around now.Excellent
I love this car seat than anything..Before this I had Evenflo - Triumph 65 LX Convertible with few complaints ..1. Seat cover's hook which holds covers to the seat are now loose so cover doesn't fit & hook comes out which I find as risky for my baby 2. In front facing position it is not reclined at all so whenever my 2yrs old is sleeping he is not comfortable with his tilted head...Graco nautilus was my 1st choice from the very 1st tym, but I had to go for triumph cuz u can't use Graco as rear facing..I am very much satisfied with Graco nautilus..It solved both of my problems..Also it is very sturdy (steel framed) & will work for next 8 yrs for me total 10 yrs..It has a cup holder of adult size & a small storage area under another hand rest & best of all it has head rest which is hard & cushioned to keep my son's head almost straight & is enough reclined for a comfortable 3 hr drive in a stretch..I highly recommend this car seat to anyone..Best car seat so far..
This is our fourth different type of car seat - so by this point we knew what we wanted and didn't want. However, this is our first seat that converts into a high back booster and backless booster. Right now our daughter isn't big enough for the booster, but we have been very impressed with the front-facing harnessed car seat.

The seat is HUGE. At least compared to the other seats we have owned, but I think that is sort of standard for this type of convertible seat. The instructions were straight forward and I had the seat assembled in under 30 minutes. My husband and I have both installed it in the car and didn't have any trouble. I will say this - to get a snug fit you have to work to get the car seat in - just like with any other seat. But it was definitely easier than some of the others - if you need pointers just consult the Car Seat Lady's website.

The buckles are difficult to undo like other seats we have owned - we will be getting this seat for grandparents vehicles as well so this was important. It was also easy to tighten the straps - which is important for grandparents.

Our daughter LOVES the cup holder. It is her absolutely favorite part of her new big girl seat and the two little cubbies under the arm rests.

All in all we this is a great seat with wonderful safety ratings from Consumer Reports. The price at Wal-Mart couldn't be beat and we even got free shipping! Yeah!Great Car Seat
easy online purchase, delivery on time and communication thru internet.Perfect seat for growing grandson
BEST Safety option; 5 Point Harness up to 65lbs!
I spent a long time reviewing car-seats and felt very confidant with purchasing 2 of these. The kids like the cup holder and side compartments for holding their things in. Seat covers are removable and wash easily. Walmart had the lowest prices anywhere in town!Wonderful!
Purchased over a year ago and still love it today.Love this so far.
My son loves his new car seat. This is like a lounge chair for toddlers. We didn't realize when we bought this that it couldn't be rear-facing, so something to keep in mind. With a big and tall boy, we decided to make the switch to forward-facing before the new 2-year threshold. He absolutely loves it and the cupholder is great too!Lounge chair for toddlers
Great car seat and easy to assemble. My son, who is 18 months old, loves it.Great car seat.
I purchased this car seat last year for my now 2 year old and ordered another one today for my 1 year old. It is AMAZING! The cup holder is within reach so my kids have easy access to their bottles. It is so SUPER SAFE! My oldest couldnt reach the door or lock on my SUV which is what I was concerned about once he got older. Its a must have, I normally buy from walmart at least 2-3 times a month, never have time for reviews but since I had time today while placing my second order for this car seat thought Id share! IT IS SUPER EASY TO CLEAN IF YOUR KIDS SPILL MILK OR JUICE!! It is sooo good looking and worth every penny!!AMAZING!!! MUST HAVE!!
I love this car seat! This is the second time I have purchased this seat, now and in 2009 I purchased some too. This seat is great for little ones that are just facing forward to tall skinny kids that use it as a booster seat. This seats predecessor was a Britax if that tells you anything. In fairness, this is a BIG car seat but it also is a car seat that can take kids all the way through. Follow the installation instructions and it gets you through the quirks of installing a seat this size.

The pockets are great for kids to stow toys and they have their own cup holders. The seat can recline which helps little ones not have as much head roll when they fall asleep.Great seat!
I bought this car seat to replace an old one that had been handed down to us. I did a lot of research before buying this seat and read A LOT of reviews and always ended up coming back to this one. It has very good safety ratings, and I loved the fact that it will hopefully be the last car seat I will need to buy for her. I didn't want to spend over $200 for a car seat as we really couldn't afford a high price tag, so I believe this was a fair cost. It is super heavy compared to her old one, and just feels like it is well worth what we paid. I also bought this in the grey/pink Reya pattern that she just loves. She is two years old now and just seems to fit better in this seat than one that is designed to cover only up to 40lbs (like the one she had). She loves getting in the car now and going for a ride =).

My only negative I think would be the cover is pretty intensely attached. I haven't yet had to remove it to wash it, but I have not been looking forward to the first time I need to! I have had to take the cover off of the old one a few times due to car sicknesses and spills so I know it is inevitable. However, I would choose the safety and comfort of my child over this one little negative any day!I love this!!
Just got this for my 8 month old!! It reclines enough so his head doesn't fall forward while he sleeps!! Before I moved him from his infant carrier to the graco nautilus he threw fits an really hated riding in the car, now he doesn't say anything unless it's "happy tones" an playing. I believe he really enjoys his new big boy seat!! I would recommend it to anyone, it's so great knowing I don't have to buy anymore seats for him because it will grow with him through the years!We love it!!
Well made and easy to set up, comfy for child and will grow with your child.Fantastic car seat
Best Quality-price, excellent product, perfect for toddlers and up. (more than 15 months old). Sure, I'll recomend it.I have 3 of them!! excellent product
My child can sit comfortable in this car seat on long distant car rides, with the option of tilting back, my child is able to fall asleep. With out his head falling forward.Great for comfort
Already bought two of these model and loving it.Great multi-purpose car seat.
I did not have any problems with the assembly. Installing such a safety device is never easy and making it fit my Jeep while making it safe was a fun experience. My grandson seems to enjoy the comfort very much.

It is much easier to load and unload my grandson with the seat next to the door rather than in the middle of the back seat. I feel our grandson is safer behind the passenger seat and he seems to like it just fine.

Unrelated to this product, finding a nickname for this survey is a real bear.Assembly was easy enough.
We love this seat, we purchased two for our older son when he was 2 and now for the baby who is 1. They are safe, easy to clean, easy to install, cupholder is great and the little cubby's in the armrests are great for storing toys and snacks. This is a great deal for the length of use you will get out of it. We now have four of them!Great Seat
I bought this for my 1 year old son. He loves it. It's very easy to set up. I love the color and cupholders. It's a good buy. It has everything a car seat should have.Excellent car seat
it is a great for that older child....very comfortable & he loves the cup holder in the arm rest
the straps are easy to adjust along with neck piece to adjust for the childs height. I feel I have bought his last car seat...Awesome carseat the last one I will need
My son really enjoys his new seat! It's very comfortable (which is good bc we are always going) and easy to belt him in. It was very easy to "put together" and hook up in my car. The only issue I have is it only has 1 cup holder. My son likes caring a lot of stuff and another holder would be convenient to put his stuff in. That being said I would still def. recommend this seat to other parents!Great 3-in-1 car seat!
I love that it converts in to every stage I will need and won't have to buy another car seat!We love this car seat!
This car seat ROCKS!!! Easy to install, fits nice in the car, and most of all super easy to to put the baby in.Great!!
This is our second one for our third child (second child has same seat). Easy to install, take out and clean, etc. At first it was difficult to h hook the chest piece but haven't had a problem since installing it in the vehicle.Perfect
I have read the reviews prior to purchasing this chair. They are very accurate. The chair is very comfortable and has a nice size for small car. I have a 2009 accord and it fits great in it.
Cons: seat buckle is not as smooth as my previous chair. Otherwise my 2 year old son and I love it.Great seat
GoodGood
I purchased this car seat for my 3 year old. It was easy to install & it fits perfectly in my car, which I was concerned about since I drive a small Honda Civic. I almost got into a car accident when my tire blew on the interstate and ever since I wanted to look into a safer car seat that protects his head and body more and this is the perfect seat. I love how he can stay harnessed until he is 65 pounds and then it can be used as a booster. I have no complaints! I love love love this car seat!I LOVE THIS CAR SEAT!
Very verstileGreat carseat for toddler
Great car seat for big babies and the best is that you can use it for years!Great car seat for big babies , very comfortable
Was exactly what it was expected . Its not rear facing but comfy for my 11 month old. Hes slept in it and it adjusts well for long term useLove It
The chest latch is hard to get undone at first but it gets better after being used a little! I would still buy it knowing the latch is hard to undo! Its a great car seat!!Great Car seat
This my 2nd one.Love
Our son which is Four loves this seat. He loves the Cup holder and even puts his chips or other snacks in the open part next to his arms. It wasn't to bad at installing, I have done it for 4 years now.Great Seat
We own two Nautilus seats and have used them from forward facing harness seats to belt positioning boosters for our two kids and are highly impressed by the seat. Our four year old daughter was kept safe in her Nautilus during a recent car accident where her side of the car was impacted. The car seat was installed using LATCH and it hadn't moved an inch after impact. She was unharmed and even able to unbuckle herself and come to the front of the van to tell me she was okay. I have always been impressed with the features, ease of use, 3-in-1 versatility, and cleaning of the Nautilus. Now I'm also pleased beyond words at how it protected my daughter. We have the Bravo pattern for our seven year old son and will be buying another Nautilus to replace hers. Regarding the recent recall, we simply take our seats apart every few months and hand wash the belts and machine wash the seat padding and they look like new. The kids rarely eat in their seats so we have had no difficulty with the buckles becoming stuck or wear on the belt straps. I highly recommend the Graco Nautilus!Kept daughter safe in accident - will buy again
This is a very well built and highly rated (by an independent consumer testing agency) seat. The instructions are well written though fairly complex. It's not a slam-dunk to put the seats together and configure the belts but isn't impossible. CAREFULLY follow the instructions and you'll be OK.

One caution: These seats are optimized for use in the newer 3-point mount configuration and are easy to install that way. It can be installed in a car without the required attachment points but the instructions are somewhat less clear about how to do that. Again, not impossible, just a bit trickier and you will have to spend some time thinking about what you see in the documentation.

We bought these for use with 16 month old toddlers so can't comment on the newborn configuration settings (as the seat is shipped). Reconfiguring for an older child requires rerouting the crotch belt and shoulder belts. Not hard but a little tricky - patience and perseverance are required. It appears that changing to a booster seat is fairly easy though we haven't gotten to that stage just yet.

Without question, we would recommend these seats.
Walmart on-line ordering with store pickup was fast and flawless - thanks!Excellent seat - tricky to configure
Already had one of these seats for our other grandson. It had the same features we were looking for as more expensive models. Love that it has a cup holder and that it grows with them. Definitely would recommend it.Love this car seat
its awesome car seat!!great car seat!
This is a great car seat great quality.Love it
This is our second Graco Nautilus. Our first, was purchased for our older daughter. She uses it as a booster seat now. We were so happy with her seat, it only made sense to purchase a scond seat for our son when he outgrew his infant seat.Great carseat!
We love this car seat! It was easy to install, and you could tell it was well made, especially compared to other seats we looked at, this seat is sturdy not lightweight plastic. I love how it will grow with my child and it can be a booster too. The materials are comfy, and the headrest and cup holder are nice touches too. We have one for our 4 yr old and just got another for our 1 yr old we like it so much. Definitely recommend it!Great car seat!
It is worth the money. I have no regrets.Still Love it & Use It
I love it perfect for my childperfect
Good and low cost.Good.
If you're looking for something affordable and comfortable for your toddler, look no further! I can't say enough good things about this car seat. When we put my toddler in it, he couldn't stop laughing. He enjoyed it immensely, and it was easy for him to fall asleep in, without his head bobbing all over the place. Our other car seat for our older toddler is a different brand and it gets the job done, but does not hold a candle to the Nautilus. Get it. You won't regret it!Finally a comfortable and affordable car seat!
Set up was simple. My daughter is comfortable and safe. The seat fits in the car nicely--not too bulky. Headrest adjusts simply.Easy to Use, Great carseat
This product is great, everything that it shows on the web site is correct. Good material.Better than the picture on line
Very happy with this car seat! Well made, easy to install, and comfortable! My son loves it, and i would recommend it to anyone.TOTALLY SATISFIED
Took patience and determination to get it set up and fitted for my small son, but once in the vehicle, it is a breeze to use.Excellent Price, great product
Definitely worth the money. Had the original one with the recalled buckle. I returned it and just took the back up booster and used that. But my daughter would flail around like a rag oll when she would fall asleep. So i repurchased one. Only complaint is new ones top buckle is a little tougher to get off. Hopefully with time it will loosen up. Daughter has no problem with sitting on buckle. Even before she slimmed downGreat seat
I love this car seat it is great very sturdy it's a heavy car seat tho hard to get in and out of the car and very hard to take apart to clean I also wish it reclined a little more because when my son falls asleep his head slumps to his chest the way the car seat sits so upright but other then that I have no complaints very awesome car seat would re purchase .Great car seat
I reviewed lots of car seat trying to decide which one would be the safest and the best to purchase. I believe for the price,safety, and convenience this is a GREAT car seat.
I know that I made a good choice for a three year old. This car seat will continue to grow with the child.The Graco 3-1 is a wonderful car seat
I love this car seat not only for safety but I wont have to buy another car seat as my son grows! thank you Gracogreat car seat
Purchased based on other reviews regarding safety; but the child loves it. He keeps thanking me for his new car seat. Super fast shipping.The Child Loves it, and so do the adults
Yes, I recommend this car seat; it's easy to install and easy to fasten the baby in it.Great car seat
My toddler absolutely love the style of this seat. It seems very comfortable and easy to install.Very Comfortable
This is a very nice and durable car seat. I searched for quite some time to find the right car seat for my son, price was not an option. I ordered it online and had it two days later. It went together in a matter of minutes and my son was stoked.Awesome car seat
This our second one. I had bought one before. The ex- got it.... I liked it so much I had to get the same one. I looked at looked at other options. My son is 4 so I don't need the backward setting option. I just wanted a booster with the back and option to move to booster only as he grows. This was still the best option I could find for the price. The 3 in 1 gives you lots of options and room to grow. Otherwise you are left buying several as your child grows...

He loves the cup holder and storage areas for his "stuff".Second one
EXCELLENT PRODUCT AND THIS MAKE ME A LOYAL CUSTOMER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!FATHER DUFF
I love the car seat. I live that it is the last car seat I will have to buy. It is easy to install and useawesome
My son is 2 yrs old and I wanted to get him something that will grow with him. He absolutely loves his seat now. His sister is 4 and she has the same one, just a different color and she loves hers. Very comfy and padded well, easy to install.Love it
It very easy to assemble and to adjust the harness. I would highly recommend you are getting three car seats in one...very cost efficient.Big boy now!!
We love this car seat. It was very easy to assemble and we haven't had any issues with it. My daughter looks very comfy in it. I also like that this seat will last us for quite some time. It was definitely worth the purchase.Excellent car seat
This is my second car seat bought one for my first grandson and he loves it and he loves his cup holder, and I just purchased a second one for my other Grandson. A very good product.Great Car Seat
We already had a graco with slightly different fabrics for our first son. We loved it and purchased this one for our second son. We love it because it's neutral color, has a great cup holder, has thick material for comfort , is not too wide for taking space in the car and is exellent quality !!! The price at Walmart is unbeatable!! The similar graco we bought at toys r'us was about $40 more . It's a great buy and worth the $ !!!! We had it shipped to us for like $5!!!! And it came in just a few days !!!Beautiful modern and comfy carseat !!!
My son loves it and it will last along time with it's size conversionsGreat Car seat for price
My son is a year old and he loves this car seat. He loves to sit forward so he can see everything. We even went on vacation and he rode in his seat and he loved it and it was an 8 hr ride.Love it!!
We love it! Easy to assemble, install, and our son is very comfortable! Strongly resembles the quality of our britax seat with half the cost!Great!
I love the car seat. Easy to install and looks pretty awesome as well.Nice Car Seat
Love this car seat! This is the second one we have bought. One for the truck and this one for the car. It fits good . Secure! Good padding all around him. The cup holder is just right for drink
or to store small toys. Tilts back and I like that for his nap when we are riding a long distance. I totally recommend this seat for toddlers and older children.Graco Nautilus 3-in-1 Multi-Use Car Seat, Bravo
This is absolutely beautiful...Love it...!!!!Wondeful for any child
This is a great car seat, easily installed in our vehicle, and super easy to strap the child in and very easily adjusts. I would defiantly recommend this product to a friend.Great car seat
love it.....great carseat for my toddler
Great buy! My little boy is comfortable and safe! Couldn't be happier!love it!
This car seat is fantastic, fits baby/toddlers for many stages of use. Material and comfort is great, comes with a cup holder which my grandson loves.Best purchase of any car seat I have ever purchase
Bought it for my grand daughter and future grandchildren and it's easy to put the child in and take them out. It's comfortable for the child. Im very happy with itGreat car seat
We love our Nautilus boosters! While a bit challenging to install, they are incredibly secure, with no movement of the seat. The seat itself is comfortable, with convenient cup holder and arm rests. The cushion side headrests make sleeping a bit more comfortable on longer rides. The 5 point harness buckles securely but can be easily undone by a parent with one hand. While both our toddlers are intelligent and adventurous, neither have been able to master undoing the harness. I would HIGHLY recommend this seat! (We have been using our seats for over 2 years and they have been used in a minivan, sedan, and on a plane)Fantastic Seat!
We have 4 children, and after getting the oldest child this seat, we went out and bought 3 more! There is a bit of a problem for some people to unbuckle the seat belt, because you have to put pressure RIGHT IN THE MIDDLE of the button to get it to open correctly. I have no problem with it, but my husband and mother some times find it to be annoying. The 7 and 4 year olds can let themselves out, and the 2 and 1 year olds are not strong enough to push the button yet. The kids love the little compartments and cup holder, and I love that you can disassemble the whole thing quite easily to clean it. It is heavy, but it makes me feel better about the children being safe in a wreck.I HAVE FOUR OF THESE!
A great seat. My daughter is 5 and is on the second to top slot. The seat fits her great. She can buckle herself but is unable to unbuckle which is great for me. She loves the cup holder and the cubby's on the sides to put small stuffed toys. I do like the recline on the seat and if we plan to go on a longer ride I recline her seat back just a bit. It keeps her head from bobbing while she sleeps. We havn't used the seat in booster mode yet so I'll have to get back with you on that review. Thanks for making a great seat.Graco Nautilus Sachi
I bought this for my older son when he was one, he's now 3. I have a 5 month old son and will purchase this again for him when he turns 1 as well. Love this, it's not to heavy to transport back and forth to cars when need be, not very bulky so there is room in the car and the safety features are what sold me on it. When it comes time to clean, it's very easy to do so and the fabric dries fairly quickly (too me), very easy to spot clean as well. Easily adjustable for when you little one is not-so-little anymore. Definitely a re-buy!!! I swear by Graco products as they are good quality and incredibly safe.Will buy again!
This car seat is sturdy, safe and comfortable for my 3 year old. I love the 5 point harness feature on it since she is not ready for a backed booster or seat belt. Installation was fairly easy. And she loves the "hide-a-toy" cubbies and the cup holder. The only drawbacks in my opinion is the crotch strap positions and the difficulty when tightening or loosening the straps, which needs to be done often since clothing and whether she's eaten before going in the seat affect how loose or tight the straps are. Besides those 2 things, this has been an amazing seat so far. I feel more at ease and comfortable knowing she's in a safe seat.Great car seat!
Honestly, don't have any complaints for the seat! Our son is still not big enough for the booster, but we've had no issues with it! The "pull system" to tighten the seat belt gets hard to tighten at times, but that's the only thing I can really think of!Great sturdy seat
We love our graco nautilus 3 in 1 cars eat! It is comfortable for my 5 year old who still uses the 5 point harness, and will continue to be for years to come. We have two children that are younger than my 5 year old, and we certainly plan to use the graco nautilus system for each of them as well!Would buy many more
I now own two of these and will never purchase another car seat. My son and daughter are both in one and I love how the 5-point harness goes to 100 lbs and then transitions into a backless booster. I love the colors and prints it comes in also.Love this car seat!
We have 3 of these carseats and love them all!! Our kids say they are very comfortable and roomy!! We love them because of all the safety features!! We highly recommend them!!!Love this carseat
I love that I can keep my growing preschooler in a 5 point harness. He loves it and it is not bulky like a lot of other car seats. You cannot go wrong with this purchase!Excellent Car seat!!
love this - this is our son's 2nd car seat- since he outgrew his infant seat, he has been in this comfy sturdy, yet lightweight workhorse. he's now transitioned from the 5point harness to using the shoulder belt with this seat. Our persnickety little man loves getting in his car seat- safe, secure and comfy for wherever we need to go.sturdy nautilus
We loved the nautilus for our son, so we bought another just like it for our daughter. When we had an issue with the buckle releasing. They sent us a new buckle, no questions asked.

AwesomeSo good, we bought this as our second...
We purchased this carseat for our son after looking at many other options. We are very happy with the purchase, it has been a great carseat.Great
We love this car seat, baby has loved it since she rode in it the first time, she vas a very tall and heavy little gal so this car seat was nice for her then and still is now she's two and a half, very busy toddler. She likes the cup holder and storage to stash toys or snacks. We've taken it with us on trips out of the country and is easy to transport, remove and reinstall to any car. Very safe. Only drawback and this does drive me nuts is the crotch buckle ends up under child and is hard to get out when in a hurry- which is always!.awesome
I love my Nautilus. It is currently on our second daughter and it has held up well. We have washed the padding many times and it still remains in the same shape. I purchased another convertible seat for my first daughter and the padding in the seat bunched up after a year. Also, I like how heavy and durable the seat is compared to other seats that have the back that can be easily removed. I would definitely recommend this seat to everyone. Love it!!Best convertible car seat I've purchased
it has been super easy for instal and I love how it accomidated her growth from the carrier type seat into this one, and will be utilized as she grows and tranisitions into different stages. We have investest in several of these for everyone who drives our daughter.best ever
I have two of these, and will soon be buying a third. I was thrilled these came out around the time we needed to replace my daughter's car seat when she was about 3-4 years old. We were thrilled with the fact it would be the last seat we would have to buy for her. We loved it so much, we bought another for her younger brother. The three of us were in a car accident, and my children, ages 3 and 5, were absolutely unhurt. I still, at ages 5 and 7, have them belted in the 5 point harness because of that. When my youngest turns 2 this summer, we will purchase another one of these seats for him.Glad to have it
We purchased this seat when our son transitioned from a rear-facing infant seat to a forward-facing seat. We take road trips regularly and our son has never complained about being uncomfortable. The cup holder and storage pockets are very handy. The cover is easily removable to wash & clean the seat. He is almost 4 and still has lots of growing room in this seat. We plan on leaving him in the harness as long as possible. After 2+ years with the seat, we have no complaints and would buy another one if needed.Perfect!
We have this car seat for my daughter. We made the switch from her infant carrier to this when she turned one. She is now 3 1/2 and still fits comfortably in it. We still use the 5 pt harness with her. It is super easy to install and move between cars if needed.Great Car Seat!!
I was so impressed with the harness boosters, comfort.
Great ProductGreat Car Seats
My son absolutely loves this seat. Has lots of room in the arm rests to store a couple toys and he enjoys the cup holders. I love the fact that the 5 pt harness holds up to 65 lbs and it seems to fit him well in height too...he's on the tall side for his age. We plan on purchasing one for our daughter when she outgrows her current one and is big enough for this one.Great and comfy seat!
I have a 3 year old that is taller than most children his age.
This car seat is perfect in every way!!
The straps adjust easily to provide room for heavy coats or just a t-shirt.
We have 3 vehicles so it is very easy to move from one to the other with the easy latch system!
I wish that they would have had a wonderful car seat like this when my other children were younger :)perfect car seat
We have 2 of these, 1 for our 3yo and 1 for our 5yo. I love that we can use this seat to harness our teeny 35# 5yo! A lot of harnessed booster seats only harness to 40# and I didn't think she was ready to be moved to a belt positioning booster just yet. My girls love their seats and couldn't wait to get them out of the box. We've had them since February and they're still my favorite harnessed booster to date. Wish I had chosen this one for my 7yoGreat seat
I bought this car seat for my son almost 2 years ago and I love it! I am getting ready to purchase one for my daughter in a few weeks! I love everything about it and I would recommend it to anyone!Love this product!!
Easy to put together and install in vehicle. Does not take up too much space.best purchase ever
I had bought a couple of other car seats before finding this one. It has been great! I really like the fact it converts when your child is ready. It is easy to keep clean and the cup holder is great for drinks, snacks, or toys as my grandchildren can attest! I highly reccomend this car seat and feel it is great buy for a reasonable price.Great car seat
I just bought this for my daughter yesterday and so far so good. She likes it because she sits up better, she just came out of the MyRide 65. It was very easy to put together and to install. I do wish that it had the label on the headrest itself for the side impact testing like most the other Graco seats do.So Far So Good
My son is very comfortable in his new Nautilus. He is 3 now and using the harness, and it is great that it will allow him to stay in the 5 point harness comfortably. I love that the Nautilus will continue to grow with him as he graduates to a booster and then a backless booster. Great investment!Great Product
my baby is happy in his car seat graco, comfortable, wrap-around, I wish I had one like that for me to travel in comfortgreat car seat!
My oldest was booted out of his convertable carseat 3 years ago by his younger brother and I bought the Nautius in the Galaxy print because I didn't think a belt-only booster was safe for his age at the time. He's 7 now (47 inches, 47 pounds) and still fits in the 5 point harness and seat great. Love that the fabric is not too dark or too light, and spills come up very easily with just a baby wipe. Once your child is ready to forward face, this is just the best seat. He can fall asleep and not droop. His drinks won't spill, LOVE the cup holder and storage under the chair arms. I have a britax boulevard for my 4 year old that I'm ready to chunk for the simple fact that it has no cup holder and I'm tired of cleaning up spills in it and my van (who knew lack of a cup holder could make me HATE a carseat?). I don't think it's any safer than the Nautilus either. Love that the Nautilus feels heavy and is steel reinforced. My 7 year old can buckle himself in easily (we still use the harness because, well, why not?) and I'm happy that in a couple years we'll just use it as a booster seat without buying more equipment. I have a new baby on the way and am getting another Nautilus for my 4.5 year old (because he's too light in my opinion at 32 lbs for a booster-only seat) so the new baby can use the convertible, great car seat!Great for older kids!
My son has been using this car seat for years and loves it. It is not too bulky and is very easy to move from vehicle to vehicle if necessary. The seat is great quality for a great value. You will definitely get your money's worth with this purchase!Fantastic car seat!!
This is the best car seat for my baby,he is two years old and he live his car seat.wonderfull and very strong seat.3 in 1
I absolutely love this car seat! Used it for both my boys for several years. Love that even a small six year old can still be in a 5pt harness! Very safe, easy to install and use!Best Car Seat Ever
We own 2 of these seats and i would not be happy with anything else my daughter says its so comfy cozy and we never have to buy another one.Love it
Just purchased my 4th Nautilus 3 in 1 car seat. I have two kids and 2 cars. Great safety reviews and great price. the only thing i would change on this car seat is the buckle. Its tough for kids to do on their own when they get bigger but can still use the 5 point harness. The first seat i purchased had an easy to use buckle. The last 3 the buckle is made different. Wish they would go back to the original. Lastly, might be nice if this sear could also be installed rear facing so that a car seat between the infant car seat and this one would not be needed.Great Car Seat - Great Price
I love this carseat so much each of my cars has one in it for my son.
I recommend this carseat to every one looking to get a new seat.
So easy to Install and use. Love the colors easy to take apart and cleanBest purchase ever
I found this seat a couple of years back for my oldest I love it so much. It is the perfect. I loved that it is multiple uses and I don't have to purchase another seat a year later when she grew out of it. I also love how once you understand how you can easily take off the fabric to clean it. It also ones in a variety of styles and colors. I got the girls styles for both of my girls. I advised all my friends to get this seat when they asked me all of them have said thank you it is worth the buy!Best seats ever
My 3 and 6 year old use it and we love it.Love it
So far, this has been a great buy for us. Our little man loves it. It is sturdy, is comfortable for the little man, and gives me peace of mind. I enjoy that it can be converted through his growth and will be with him for a long time.Great Buy
As a foster mother to over 28 kids and a mother of 4 I have owned my fair share of car seats, more specifically, Graco carseats. I am partial to the brand. This is an awesome car seat. I wish I had this one sooner since we could have been using it since birth. I picked this up when my daughter outgrew her convertible car seat and yet she wasnt quite big enough for a booster seat. I love that she can remain in the harness straps until she is 60 lbs. I feel much safer knowing her body is being held in tightly by the harness straps. The cup holder is awesome and there are little compartments inside the armrest where she can store little toys. This seat is easy to adjust and the pads are easily removed and wash up nicely. The seat really wraps around her body nicely protecting her sides and the headrest wraps around her head nicely providing support. Get it, you wont be sory. It may cost a little more than some seats but if you get it early it would actually save you money since you would only ever need this one seat. It can protect your baby from birth to 100lbs. Thats a lifetime seat!!!Excellent Seat!!!
I was just involved in an accident on the freeway. The car that rear ended me was going approx. 50 MPH. Thanks to our great Graco carseats my children came out unharmed. We will definatly be replacing them w/more Graco carseats...Thanks for making such great products!Great Carseat
I just love this seat. It is so easy to use and adjust as your child grows older. No worry about having to buy another car seat since this one works up to 100 lbs. My child just loves the compartments to put her toys and sunglasses in. My husband had another brand but I made him give his away just so he could get the same seat as mine. Way to go, Graco on this product!Beat Car Seat Ever
I really like this car seat. It will grow with my daughter until she don't need a car seat anymore. I recommend.car seat
I love this carseat! It is comfortable for my daughter and easy to use. She hasnt reached the weight limit yet of 40 lbs to convert it to a booster seat but I am excited that we wont have to purchase another seat for her.Great Carseat
I purchased this car seat when the my ride car seat didn't seem to fit right in my suv (captain chairs didn't allow much room for his legs) so I purchased this one because it fit better and seemed to be able to grow with him better. I love the car seat. There are some complaints about the bottom buckle being short... And it is. I didn't know if I would keep it at first but I just let the straps out a little more and now it doesn't bother me or him. I would recommend this car seat and will be buying another one for our 2nd vehicle soon.perfect for my growing toddler
Bought this awhile back. It's wonderful, saved my girl's life. Had to recently replace with same type just a different color due to a car accident. Kept my girl in place and she didn't get hurt at all just got scared. The only thing they could improve is the cup holder, for a younger child when they are strapped in it's difficult for them to reach to get the cup out but otherwise love it. Obviously since I bought another on to replace the first one. Now use the covering for the first car seat to interchange the color when I want a different look.Works Great
I absolutely love Graco products. I just purchased this seat for my 3 year old daughter. She had outgrown her Comfortsport convertible seat so we were looking for an upgrade. I knew I wanted a Graco because that is all I have owned for all 3 of my children but didn't know which one. I chose the nautilus because it had all of the features that I was looking for. It is very well made a quite heavy, but I feel like it is very solid and very safe. I am confident about my daughter using it.Amazing seat!
Graco couldn't have invented a better more versatile car seat! I will recommend this to all family and friends having babies!Best car seat ever!
My son LOVES this car seat! He loves the cup holder and the little storage areas under the arm rests that he can hide toys in. I love that it's easy to clean and safe for my little boy.Best Car Seat!!!
We purchased this seat a few months ago and we absolutely love this seatAwesome seat
I bought this seat for my five year old. He is small for age so we wanted to continue to keep him in a five point harness until he grows a lot more. The seat was easy to install in a Toyota Camry. It is easy to adjust but does require rethreading to adjust the harness height but that is easy to do. This will be the last seat he will need since it becomes a high back booster and then a no back booster later.Great seat
We love this car seat! Comfortable for my 3 year old as a regular car seat and his older sister has used it as a high-back booster and as a regular booster. So convenient- just don't forget where you put the straps once you remove them!Great car seat
My husband and I have gone through about 6 different carseats with our son and this has been the best purchase by far! My son is very tall for his age and we had a lot of trouble finding a seat that we felt protected him, but also had growing room so that we wouldn't have to keep purchasing seats. We have been very satisfied with our purchase and have even purchased additional ones for other cars.Love the Nautilus 3-in-1
We purchased the 3-in-1 because my oldest son outgrew his convertible car seat before he was old enough for a traditional booster. We have been very happy with this seat! It is easy to use and comfortable, and I love the versatility of being able to go from harness to seat belt to backless booster. I would definitely recommend this seat to anyone considering it.We love this seat!
We have three of these seats and they are great!Great seat for all stages
This is the 2nd Graco, same model. with booster2nd Graco Car Seat
We have had this carseat since my son was about two to two & a half. I love it. He will be six in December and he still can use the five-point harness. It comes apart easily to clean it. I have detailed it twice (but of course it never stays clean for long). It works perfectly in cars with bucket seats, which both mine and my husband's cars have them in the backseat. I hope to never have to buy another seat and if I do, I will definitely buy this one again, any day.Awesome.
This is the car seat you need to buy!!! I love Nautilus 3-in-1 car seats. We purchased two for our vehicles 2yrs ago, got pregnant again and couldn't find a car seat that would top this one...So we brought 2 more for our 1yr old.The seats are very comfortable and soft which is a great upgrade from our previous buy Nautilus car seats. Easy to take apart to clean,very secure, and easy to install. Not bulky at all in our vehicles. We have 2 in each car and my 8yr old can sit back there with the babies without feeling crammed...and we have an Explorer...Overall great car seat and would not buy outside of Graco!!Great Car seat!!!
I did so much research before purchasing the Nautilus and I am so glad we went with this 3-in-1 car seat. My son loves his new seat. We went on a road trip after we purchased the it and he didn't complain like he did before in his old car seat. My son is very tall for his age and this seat adjusts to his height. This is the last and only car seat we will buy!Completely satisfied
best car seat ever! safe, nice design, easy to strap and clean, good price.terrific car seat
We bought this seat for our first son a few years ago and now at age 5 he is still in it. I love that he can still wear the 5-point harness as it is safer than just a booster with a seatbelt (as long as he fits it). When he outgrows the harness he can still use this seat as a booster. Very easy to use as well. Great purchase!Great seat
We purchased these in a 2 pack for our then 4 1/2 & 1 1/2 year old. After reading the reviews and seeing how they would work for us, we gladly made the purchase. So glad we did! I love how they convert and that we won't have to be purchasing car seat after car seat and then backless boosters. These do it all and we have enjoyed them tremendously. Roomy and secure...our kids seem to be more comfortable in them than what we previously had for them!Great product for the money!
I actually own 2 of these seats for my 3 year old. I love the seats and so does she. I feel great knowing she is in a well built quality car seat!Love this seat
We love this car seat. My son has a place to put all his treasures and Sippy cup. More importantly my husband and I feel safe knowing he is in it!Worth Every Penny
My husband and I purchased two of these, one for each car, and I nothing negative to say. The seat cover can be washed which is a plus for any mother, my oldest child was rather small but fit in this perfectly, my husband has worked with injection molding for over 20 years and upon getting this system immediately took it apart to inspect it and was impressed at the construction.
This product is a must have.Great Product!
We first bought a Nautilus 3 years ago for my first child and then another for our second. They are easy to work with and comfortable for the kids. I love how it keeps my child in a harness, longer...therefore, keeping my child safer, longer. Have recommended this seat to several friends and will continue to do so.Great!!
I have 2 and 3 year old. We have 4 of them. they are worth every penny. easy to clean, hook up and very sturdy. kids loved them and still do after 2 yearsBEST CAR SEAT
We love this seat! Our daughter is tiny so we are still using the harness, but to be able to change to a booster when she is ready is great! It is so nice that we will not have to go out and buy another seat for her. The seat is heavy so if you are going to switch it between cars that could be a problem. The only real complaint I have is that it is hard to tighten the LATCH straps, but that problem is not exclusive to this seat. I feel like my daughter is very safe in this seat and I l love the built in cup holder and cubbies for her toys. It is also easy to take apart to clean.Great!
We love our Nautilus Carseats! I am a grandmother of 6 grandkids. We have these for the Toddlers. Only thing I would change is it would be great if it had 2 cup holders like the My Ride 65! Adjustable Headrest makes it fit various children... for a long time!Great Forward facing carseat!
we have the earlier model of this are seat for one of my girls. It has been with her for couple years now. We are looking to purchase another one for our other daughter.Wonderful
This car seat has absolutely EVERYTHING. From being the 3-in-1, to having the cup holder, and lots of cushion! My son LOVES this car seat! Definitely would recommend this to all parents. It's a must have!Perfect, perfect, perfect!
This product has the easiets assembly of any other convertible car seat we looked into buying. It has great consumer report reviews, not to mention is half the price of others that have just as high of reviews. My daughter, who is 11 months seems to really enjoy it. It seems that it is very comfortable for her, and we love the recline option for when she is napping in the car. The straps are easily adjustable for the differents seasons or for when she gets bigger. It is a very neat and clean, well organized, and quality made product!Very Pleased
Great product! Easy to install. Love the cupholder. Gives child independence with getting in/out of seat (with parents help to buckle/secure). I highly recommend this product!Worth the money
We went through a couple of carseats as I have a long commute to the babysitter's house every day. This one is perfect! My daughter is comfortable, sleeps easily, and loves the storage compartments!Perfect!
Durable and comfortable. So good, we bought another of the same model. The only drawback is that it is bulky. When we had child number 3, we had trouble fitting two nautilus seats and the graco safeseat infant seat across one row in the back of the car.

First we tried a different brand upright seat to save room. We and the kids hated it, so we bought a bigger car :-).Wonderful
i got this for my son when he turned 1. he is now 2.5 and still in the 5 point harnest being 28ish lbs great car seat!love it!
My kids love this seat and we are confident to recommend this to other friends and family.Perfect car seat
Bought this seat for my daughter, when we needed a second car seat, and LOVE it! Other than it being the only seat she needs until shes ready to be out of one, its not big and bulky, and she is totally comfortable in it. Its easy to take apart and wash. Now I am looking to buy another!Best car seat ever!
A Perfect car seat for any kid! I love it :)I love it
I have had this in Daisy for 3 years. My daughter was two when we got it. The color is very colorful and my daughter love having the cupholder and cubbies. At this point she will fit the harness at least another year, if not two. Which is great!Love it!
I own 4 of these seats one for each of my kids. I feel my kids are very safe in them and love that its the last seat they will ever need :)Best seat Iv owned!
We bought this carseat for our third child, I wanted a seat that would last till she no longer needed to sit in a seat and that was easy to use and that is exactually what i got. We are looking at buying one for a 4th child, I just wish they were a bit cheaper! I only buy Graco products because of there quality and how easy they are to use. Thanks Graco!Best carseat ever
We purchased the Nautilus several years ago when it was first introduced for my oldest son. We love it! He has been harnessed for 4 years now and still has plenty of time to remain this way. Certainly recommend this seat!Purchased when 1st came out!
This is an awesome seat. We used the harness and now use the seatbelt with it. It's well made and comfortable.Great Seat
This is a truly impressive seat. From the moment we pulled it out of the box we have been impressed and very happy with it. It was easy to set up, easy to install and our son Sebastian just loves it. We can't wait to watch him grow up with it! As an engineer and a "super dad", I give this seat my complete SEAL OF APPROVAL.Fourth kid.... best seat EVER!
I got the Nautilus for my son & LOVED it! When our second child was ready for this stage of seat we didn't hesitate in buying another Nautilus. Since she was a girl I was drawn to the pink & brown color choice. This was a mistake! The seat part was a pretty color of pink but now is stained and looks awful! I have tried numerous times to wash it and treat the stains but it doesn't get them completely out & it seems to be dirty looking within a few weeks. If I had to do it over, I would still have bought the Nautilus but would get the darker colors for sure.AWESOME seat...but don't get pink & brown color
We had the Graco Passage Travel System for our daughter when she was born. When she gained enough weight and length, we began looking for something that would last her until she could be out of a car seat/booster seat all together. We looked at several different models/brands and for the price, quality and longevity we chose this one for our car and for my In-laws car. We did not want to have to keep spending alot of money everytime our daughter hit a weight or length milestone and have to change car seats again. We could not be happier with our purchase. I have taken ours apart to wash and clean everything and didn't really have that much trouble getting it back together using the manual included. The seat cushions held up great in the wash. The only thing that we have not liked is the "recline" foot-it really does not change the position of our daughter in our car so that she can sleep in her car seat comfortably. She loves her car seat though. Would recommend this to anyone changing from the infant car seat to the toddler one.Wouldn't Buy Anything Else
After purchasing this car seat for my daughter, we bought a second one for my husbands truck. Once our second daughter was born and had outgrown her infant seat, this is the one we chose again. We now own 4 of these seats and truly think this is the best seat out there. Great price, great car seat, easy to install and easy to clean. I'll never have to buy another seat again because this one grows with my kids until they no longer need seats and boosters.Best value for the money
We love this car seat!I am in love, so is my son!
I puchased my 1st nautilus in 2010, and we are still happy with it, and still using it daily for our 4 year old. We plan on keeping him in the 5pt until he reaches 65lbs. We puchased our 2nd nautilus in 2012, and still like it just as much as the other one. I would recomend this seat to anyone looking for a great seat that will stand the test of time.So great we have 2
I own two of these seats and having purchased every product from high chairs to car seats, I have always trusted and will continue to use the Graco product line. THey have kept my children"s safety and comfort in mind when designing their products. Easy to install, and long lasting these seats have and will continue to provide support and safety to my children. Well designed and easy to get in and out using the 5 point harness system. Love the product, would highly recommend.Safety and quality
Love our carseat like this! My child disliked the cheaper "extra" seat we have in my husbands truck.GREAT BUY!
We purchased this car seat when our son turned one and it is the best baby purchase we made. It is super easy to install and uninstall, gives you so much safety protection and support and you can use it until your child is old enough to sit with a lap belt. Easy to clean and looks nice in any car interior. We love it!LOVE this car seat!
8 Month old loves it!Fabulous Carseat
I love this car seat. I bought this one after transitioning my daughter from her Graco rear-facing infant seat. It's nice to know that this is the last car seat that I will have to buy her because it grows with her. She's now in the high back booster stage. My husband bought another brand for his car when she went from rear-facing to front-facing. Now he's about to change it out to a Graco backless booster. He wouldn't be buying another if he had just bought this one initially.Last Car Seat You'll Need
This is the best car seat! Love, love, love all Graco products! Was recently in a car accident and had both of my children in Graco car seats. Both of my children came out of the accident with not a scratch on them! Immediately went and bought two new Graco seats for my children! This is one of them!Best Carseat!
We have a Graco Nautilus for our five year old son. He loves it. It has two cup holders and two cubbies in the armrests for little toys. He says it's comfortable and it's super easy for me to install in every car I've put it in. Great purchase.Awesome car seat
I am the mom of three and I bought my first Nautilus in Feb. 2008 for my first. I LOVE this seat. It is on the heavy side which, to me, means its safe! It is very easy to install, strap adjustment is simple, head rest adjusts easily, buckles securely, cover removal is easier than other seats for cleaning, cup holders and cubbies for toys and drinks are wonderful! The list goes on and on! My oldest is now 6 1/2 and rides in his nautilus using the full back seat belt booster option. He can easily buckle and unbuckle himself with this seat. He has loved this seat from day 1 and still never complains. He has always been on the heavy and tall side but this seat fits him wonderfully! I bought a second nautilus for my 2nd child in Feb. 2009. She is 4 1/2 and rides using the harness. She LOVES this seat as well! She can easily buckle herself in but can NOT unbuckle the bottom to get out which is wonderful! IF she could, she would be one running around the van mid-ride instead of staying buckled. I just bouht my 3rd nautlus for my last child last week. She is 16 months and rides using the pad and harness. She was always a very fussy rider in her convertable seat but she is content as can be since she got her new seat! The cup holder and toy cubbies are great to keep her items in reach as well! Some of the older reviews complained about the buckle and the LATCH. I see on our newest nautilus, these have been improved although I never had a problem with the older two. My advice, buy it! You wont regret it!!LOVE IT X3!!
I bought this seat for my daycare kids and I like the fact that the back grows with your child. I had a four year old in it for about a year and now it's her baby sisters turn. It fits her snug and she's comfortable. It's also very stylish, not too bulky and it fit in the 3rd row seat of my Ford Freestyle without any problems. Now with the 1 year old it's in the 2nd row seat and there is plenty of room. Love it!Best Carseat I Have Bought So Far.
i love the 3 in 1 it saved me from having to buy 3 seperate carseats. my son is comefortable in it its easy to take apart and clean and really easy to seperate it in the different seatsAwesome carseat
For the money spent...Best car seat ever. I have no need to buy any other car seats for my boys. This car seat will cover them for a fee years. It is well built. Allows for a few mounting options and is easy to clean and maintain. I would buy this again.Amazing
We have the pick one. This carseat is nice and heavy. I love that fact that as my daughter grows this grows with her. I mean the price is not that bad consdering that each step your child gets you have to replace that seat. Love Love this.Love this.
this carseat will last from newborn all the way to school age, has cupholders and nice comfy back support. my six year old still uses it with the highback booster and is great knowing she is safe in a secure seat. We plan to us this until she reaches the weight limit (about 4 more years) Easy to take apart and put back together to cleaning.car seat to last a long time
This car seat is very easy to put together. It is also very easy to install into a car. We have a small car and it was simple to install using LATCH system.Great Car Seat
I've owned my two Graco Nautilus' for 4 years and LOVE them. My girls are 6 and 8 and petite so we still utilize the 5pt harness but have also used one as a highback booster for a short while. They are a bit bulky and heavy but that's due to being well built and very stable so I'm not complaining. I frequently brake them down to wash and they go back together (frame and cushion) quite easily. Thanks Graco for a quality product.Highly Recommended
We now own 4 of these car seats. They are great for a variety of ages. My 6 year old is able to buckle himself in and out of the seat and tighten the straps by himself while I get the 3 year old buckled into his. The youngest was super excited to get a seat like his brothers that has a cup holder on it! I love how versitile the seat can be and the high weight limit for it. We have yet to only use it as a booster but excited that I won't have to buy another seat when the time comes. There are little cubbies on the inside of the arm rests, which the boys love to keep their 'treasures' in, but i also find a lot of trash in there. I have noticed that a couple of the hook and eye clips on the seat cushion keeps coming undone, but it doesn't cause the seat cushion to move so overall not really a big deal. We have had nothing but great experiences with these seats.Great Car seat
I was surprised how easily it was to convert from toddler to my 5yr old. She lives it and so do I. I could not have made a better choice.Great! Great choice!
This product is the best I have ever seen. It can be converted into different seats at different stages. Color, design are excellent. I love the safety features and comfort level it provides. Best product you can get for the price.Best design and color
The 5 point harness is the best option for your child's safety. We found out how great Nautilus car seats are after a truck plowed into the back of us. My grand daughter barely moved. I am so thankful for such a great product.....So worth it
my daughter is tall but tiny. here in WI, the state law requires my 4 yr old to be 40# and 40" tall before she can go into a seat belted booster. well, she clears the height but is no where near the weight. so i love love love that she can still be harnessed into my nautilus. i had gotten a different harnessed booster and couldn't use it for long because my peanut is so tall. will buy another NAUTILUS when #2 is big enough to go forward facing!!!!love!!!!!!
I like the way this car seat is been designed.the fact that it is a 3 in 1 and will come in real handy as these 3 kids grow up.I use the product before and have really liked it and it's long lasting.best carseat purchased so far
I ABSOLUTLEY LOVE THIS CAR SEAT!!! WITH THE RECLINE POSITION, MY SON IS EVEN MORE COMFORTABLE!!!! WOULD HIGHLY RECOMENED!!!GREATEST CAR SEAT EVER
thanks for making a great car seat!greatest purchase ever
Accommodates for a long time.
Got this after she outgrew her baby carseat. Love it. My kid is on the smaller side end of the spectrum; she is 5 1/2 (40.0lb), and still comfortably fits. She will continue to ride in it until she can't; then we will use it as a booster. People tease, but if it's safer then I'm going to exploit it to it's fullest. I often see kids WAY too small riding in boosters - even used with lap belts (PSA: NEVER use a lap belt with a booster).

EASY release. The other seat we have is different, and it is an absolute pain (sometimes literally) to remove/install. The release latch won't release as easily as this one.

The built in cup holder is nice. Also there are two little spots under the arm rests for they can use for storage, e.g., toys, snacks.Recommend
My son has been in this seat for almost 3 years. He LOVES it! The built in storage on the sides and the cup holder suit him perfectly!Best Booster!
Everything about this car seat is fabulous. It's easy to install. It's super easy to remove pieces to clean. It's awesome that you can wash the fabric pieces (all of them) in the washer and line dry. The price is excellent since I will never need another car seat. I haven't tried the booster seat out yet, still in the harness at 3 1/2 because of her weight and she knows how to unlatch a regular car seat belt. Enjoy this product, I am and thank you Graco.The ONLY Car Seat you will need after infant
I love this car seat! Easliy converted, and easy to use :) very happyWorks Great
I love this seat, the padding is easy to remove and wash once you get used to it. I wish I could order a different color padding.Great Carseat
I love the Nautilus!! When we were rear ended it protected my children. Neither one had any injuries! I went out and bought new ones the next day and my son said thank you. He loves the nautilus! He would much rather sit in the 5pt harness than in a high back booster and he is 7 years old!! It is so nice to have a seat my special needs daughter can sit in that supports her torso better where she is lacking muscle tone.Love it
I love the way my older child fits the Nautilus. If you are buying a car seat for a child older than 2, this is the one I would recommend. The Harness goes to 65 lbs to stay safer longer and the height wings move up as the child gets taller too. The wings also keep the seatbelt on the correct part of the shoulder when in booster mode. The only negative thing is I wish the cup holders came off, it makes it a little wide, especially if you're trying to fit car seats side-by-side.High Harness Weights and Booster mode
bought this for all its wonderful features a few months back. my daughter loves her car seat as do me and my husband. was in an accident recently and this car seat saved my daughter who's 3 from any injuries. very blessed and grateful. my husband just went out and bought the same one for her and my daughters happy to have her car seat back again. and im happy for the piece of mind that my daughter will be safe. thank you grace for your wonderful product i will continue to purchase from you and recommend you!best investment for my little one
We bought one of a couple of years ago and we love ours. That is we bought the same car seat.Great Car Seat
On Christmas Day my Great-Grandson (18 months) was strapped into his Nautilus 3-in-1 Car Seat for the trip home to Amarillo. Half way there a gust of wind hit the car and rolled it off the road. I bought him that car seat for his safety. On that day, his life was spared because he was riding in what I believe is the safest car seat on the market. The car was crushed but the seat kept him safe and secure. I cannot say enough about the Nautilus 3-in1 Car Seat.A Life Saver
Love this seat. My daughter is happy in this seat. I usually have to fight her to get in a car seat but not this one. Very happy with my purchase!Great purxhase
My children were 9 lbs 2 oz & 10 lbs 8.5 oz at birth and their growth did not slow down! We found it difficult to find baby products that would fit them for their age & development as well as their size. When we came across this seat, it met all of our requirements for safety and was able to grow with them. We have owned this seat for over 2 years and my daughter is still in the harness, just transitioning into the highback booster and she will be 4! This seat has exceeded my expectations and I would recommend it to anyone and everyone. Its sturdy, safe, & reliable. Its very easy to install in the car as well. My only complaint is its a project to take apart, clean, & put back together the first time but once you get the hang of it, its very easy to maneuver.Great seat for big babies
I looked for a carseat that my son would grow with and this was the one I kept coming back to. I just dont like how the latch.between the legs is so far down. The colors are great and its easy to maintain.Love love love this carseat
This was by far the best purchase I ever made! I bought the carseat when he was 2 yrs old. My son is now 6, we have the back still on so he "can sleep". :) It's durable, easy to wash and comfortable!Love it!!
I love this car seat! It is easy to adjust, clean, and put back together. I have 2 Autistic children that need extra protection. These car seats work very well for them. In fact, I was able to convert it quickly to use the seat belt when my oldest son broke his arm. My 3rd child has outgrown his carseat (also a Graco) and we are going this weekend to buy another one for him. This is probably the best car seat we have ever purchased - and yes, we've purchased several to find the right one for their disabilities. I highly recommend this car seat!Awesome car seat!! <3 it!
We had different car seats and after 2 yrs of use they just aren't keeping up with my boys. We plan on taking a long car trip this summer and looked around at seats for our boys. These look very good for the value and all the pluses! My boys are into cars and just having the storage area under the arm rest is awesome for them. They think its cool. Nice to know I can keep them in these until they grow out of a booster.Very nice seat
Love that I can buy one item and it grows with my child! 3 in 1 makes so much sense!Great seat
With the aproaching 1 year mark i started the search. THE "BIG GIRL" CARSEAT SEARCH! I read reviews and ratings for months, literally! I finally narrowed it down to this seat. LOVE THE COLOR, but more importantly the safety. My daughter and I hydroplaned on an icey bridge about 1 month after purchasing this seat. We went down an embankment and slammed into the creek bank into a creek. With the 4 door truck totalled, I was taken to the ER with my baby. The EMS responders said that the seat saved my baby from whiplash not from the impact forward but the impact sideways (upon hitting the creek bank with the driver side of the truck). After these details, yes we were both fine. I bought another Nautilus carseat the next evening. Even though some say that the seat is bulky and hard to get into vehicles, it's worth every effort to keep your baby safe. I am certainly glad I did my research and chose to go for safety. Thank you Graco for making a wonderful product.Bought for Safety
We bought this for our daughter who just turned 3 in April and has outgrown her convertible seat. She has had issues with seats before by not liking the fabric or just the seat overall but she loved this seat.LOOOOOVVVVVEEEE IT!
I LOVE this carseat!! I bought this for my 10 month old son who was too tall and heavy for his carrier. I did my research and this was the first choice for everyone!! It was RATED #1 in ALL the catagories!! I am VERY pleased with it and my now, 19 month old, son loves it and def likes the cup holder. It is a tad bit heavy BUT nothing I can't handle. If you are looking for a SAFE, comfy new ride for your little, I RECOMMEND this carseat!! You will NOT be sorry about the purchase...worth it!!Best carseat ever!!
Easy to install. Good look. the sturdy cup holder! Easy to use, look forward to using it as the kids grow.Perfect
I bought this seat for my 3 year old. He is about 40 pounds and 39.5 inches tall with a torso height of 13 inches I think. He was so excited to get this seat! He was in love as soon as it came out of the box. He told everyone we came into contact with about his new awesome car seat :-) So far, I absolutely love this seat. It fits him very well. I love the fact that the harness weight goes to 65 pounds so he can stay harnessed for some time to come. It's super easy to install with both the LATCH and the seatbelt. I do wish the side wings were a little deeper so when he falls asleep on car rides, his head wouldnt droop so bad. But other than that, its a fantastic seat. It's also super easy to strip naked to wash. Dressing it again is a little confusing at first, but once you've done a time or two, it won't be a problem! :-) I haven't used this as a booster yet, so I don't have anything to add in that aspect. Overall I say this a great seat that is worth the money!!Awesome seat!
We were in a head on collision with a big truck. My car was totaled and less than 1/3 of the front of my car was left. The car was completely destroyed. My daughter was in this car seat with the 5pt harness. My husband and I suffered the most. My daughter walked away with only biting her tongue. I am so thankful for the care Graco has put into their products. It saved my baby. Thank you.Saved my girl in a crash!!!
We put him in this car seat when he outgrew his rear facing car seat at 18 months. He LOVES it! He's a big boy with a cup holder, he can sit back enough to take a nap -- now he's 4 and we still are able to have him harnessed in with plenty of room to grow. We liked it so much that we bought the same one for our younger son when he turned 2.My son LOVES this!
I have had to buy 3 of these and I they are great! I have 1 daughter but due to car accidents I have had to replace the 1 seat a couple of times. It has kept my daughter safe, she loves the cup holder to hold her drink and the arm rests are hollow inside so she can stash her sunglasses and toys. It is very easy to adjust.great seat
We have used Graco products exclusively since our little Olivia was born (travel systems, Pack 'N Play, high chair, high chair at Nanna's, etc.). Their products are very safe, reliable, and cute! I was so excited to get this carseat for our little one! It's really neat--with the cupholder, reclining feature, and ease to install, this is an awesome carseat! Add in the fact that this product will last through all of her child restraint/booster needs with the great price, and it's a value/deal that's tough to beat (if at all)!Great Value, Great Product!
EASY TO INSTALL AND VERY ROOMY!EXCELLENT CARSEAT!
Bought this for our Grandson and he loves it. He now climbs into the seat and before we can help him buckle up he is half way through. We just have to help with the strap under his bottom....lol He seems very comfortable in the seat and with the drink holder attachment he is happy as a clam.great for kids
Its so easy to put my baby securely into this car seat. My husband said it was very easy to install. Will be buying another one for our other car. Couldn't be happier!My husband had zero problems installing this one
We just got this for my son who is about to be 2 and it is awesome. The assembly and installation was very simple to do, and it took less than 5 minutes. My son loves the built in cup holder. The seat seems very sturdy and well built. I spent hours and hours searching and comparing seats and this was on par if not better than the 400 seats and will not grow with them. I decided on this one because this will be the last seat he will need as it will convert as he grows. The colors and overall visual appeal of the seat is what initially drew me to it, and i am not disappointed. I bought another two of the same seat, one for the wife and for my parents to have in their car. GREAT SEAT!!!!!!!!!Great Carseat
The nautilus car seat is the only one of its kind.It has been designed keeping the child's safety, comfort and growth in mind. My son loves to sit in this car seat and is never bored even on long drives. The best part is it can be used from child's birth to when the child is about 100lbs. I recommend buying this car seat to every parent who is concerned about their child's safety and comfort.Best car seat
I bought my first Carseat with a Graco travel system. I fell in love with not just the product but the brand. It was an obvious choice to buy another Graco when it was time to buy a new car seat. I couldn't be happier with this car seat. I bought my youngest daughter hers recently after having my four year olds for 3 years. Even after 3 years it is in great condition. I love the storage in the arm rest, it's a great feature to help keep my car clean. Its also a great size for any car it fits well in my truck and honda civic. I also love that I purchased this for my 18 month old and am still able to use it now that she is almost 5. Besides the great features of their products, they have amazing customer service. They mail user Manuels for free, they are quick to reply to any questions or concerns and they are always curtious. I highly recommend any Graco product.Love this car seat
This Safety seat is great! The best feature is it's flexibility and easy of use. It's very easy to transfer from one type of seat to another. Very easy to keep clean.Great Product
This seat has been a fantastic car seat for us. My son is comfortable and it is incredibly easy to use.Love this seat!
I love this car seat! We have been using since our son could be in a forward facing seat! he is almost 5 and the transitioning as he grows is easy and effective!great with transitioning
I love all of its features and design. Wonderful all in one easy to use and adjust car seat. I love the Lagrange pattern.All around wonderful car seat
Knew mother, had no idea what was the best for my daughter but I knew I wanted the best and when comes to this car seat you pay for what you get, I love how it grows with my child it is hard to wash cloth seat part, but it is built with all around safety, it can hold her water bottles, and 2 front side pockets there for food or hair clips she pulls out of her hair. She also uses her arm rest as well.Great all in one car seat!
I have a 2 year old who hated the car seat that I had. I got this car seat and he loves it. He gets excited every time I tell him we have to go somewhere. He loves the fact that he has his own cup holder that is in his reach and that it is very comfortable. I love it because of the safety and the conversion from car seat to booster. Also because it has a longer expiration date which also saves money! I would recommend this car seat to every mother!!Great Car Seat
Great car seat used it for almost 2 years now with my daughter still in great shape!Best careseat Ever!!
I bought this carseat for my second son around his 1st birthday....He is now 4 and in the highback booster position. It has been great all around...easy to disassemble for cleaning and more importantly- easy to put back together :) We love love love it! As for some of you that are having difficulties with the buckle...make sure to register your carseat and they will send you updates on recalls and such...we recieved a replacement buckle free of charge as ours had been recalled during this past year. I cannot praise this carseat enough!Great Carseat that grows with your child
I bought this product two years ago when my kid left the snug ride seat. It is very comfortable for short and long trips: It is very easy to set and its durable and reliable.Great Purchase
I bought this car seat for my daughter, who likes to complain about how comfortable her seat is when she is riding on long trips. Well, I have finally found one that she finds very comfy (as she puts it). A little bit outside of what I wanted to spend but worth every dollar for her safety, happiness, and peace of mind.Fantastic Car Seat
We have used these seats for our two kids (now 4 & 7) for the past three years and they are transitioning well as the kids are growing. I saw a few people mention how hard the button on the crotch strap was to press & open and just thought I would write & let you know it was recalled on some of the models (I got a letter from Graco), so I would assume it is fixed on any new car seats going forward.Great car seat, but a part was recalled
I bought this car seat a month ago and it has been great! My 20 month old loves the cup holder and rides in comfort. I will be purchasing another Graco car seat for my other daughter when she turns one.Great car seat. Cup holder is a must!
This was our third time purchasing a Graco Nautilus 3-in-1 car seat. We now have one for our primary vehicle, my husband's car, and for my mother's vehicle. My daughters love these seats. They are comfortable, easy to install, and easy to clean. We like that we can keep the children in the harness far longer than any other seat and feel confident they are safe riding. We plan to purchase a fourth for our infant son when he is old enough to transition out of his convertible carseat.One and done
Amazing car seat! I felt my kids were very safe in them. Easy to put in and take out of the car too. Only issue was once my kids got to the age they could buckle themselves in, it was hard for them due to the seat being so big. but I still felt save with them in these seats.love this car seat!
I bought this seat about a month ago after being in a wreck. I love Graco because of their reliability and have only used Graco seats for my daughter since she was born. She liked her MyRide but loves her Nautilus. I love its features (hidden compartments, cup holder, padding, etc...) and she loves the comfort and roominess of the seat. I highly recommend this seat to anyone looking to replace theirs. I will hold on to this one even after she grows out of it so I have it for my next or until it expiresMy Daughter and I love this seat
I had to get another harnessed booster seat for my wiggly 4 yr old and this fit the bill perfect. We had a convertible seat and another harnessed booster but they they maxed out at 40 lbs. she used a nigh back booster for over a year until I got this. Her sister got a video of her during a typical trip and I knew she needed a harness once again. This will fit her for several years harnessed and as a booster. I wanted one years ago but went with cheaper options. Don't waste your money. Get this seat first and you won't need another.Should have bought this first
We have bought four - yes, FOUR - of this carseat. The first was purchased for my older son when he moved out of his infant seat. Less than 6 months later we were rear-ended by a woman driving 40+MPH who never even hit her brakes... my son came out of that without a scratch. After that I was completely sold on this seat.

Both of my boys are now in this seat, and we love it.

Best features:
- Safety! Safety! Safety!
- Easy to install - it takes about 2 minutes. Literally.
- Cup holder!
- Storage for kid-toys under both arm-rests... the boys love this!
- Comfort - we have taken long (10+ hour) road trips and have never heard any complaints
- Price: there are a lot of carseats out there that are more expensive, but I would (and have) recommend this seat without hesitation.

My only minor complaints:
- The crotch buckle on one of the seats is very hard to activate and often gets stuck
- The cover for the crotch-area on both of the newer seats doesn't stay in place (kept rising up and covering the buckle) so we had to remove it.
- The "recline" feature doesn't really work, and no matter what you do if your child falls asleep their head is going to flop forward.

Aside from thoseGreat Seat!
I just have to say I would buy this car seat over and over forever as long as I have children ! We recently purchased this seat about a week ago installed it in the car It was a lil bit of a pain but well worth it. My wife and 15 month old daughter got into a head on collision at 70 Mph and spun around several times headed down a 30 foot drop off embankment flipped a few times in the air landed on all four wheels and both walked away form the crash with minor scratches baby only had rub marks on her neck but was up and running around at the ER lol. Dr's. said they should have never walked away from this crash so as a field tester be assured we will keep purchasing this seat!!!!Amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
We purchased 7 of these for our children starting at age 3 between our cars and the in-laws cars and have owned them for 3 years now. We have successfully installed them in several different vehicles (Cadilac DTS, Chevy Malibu, Chevy Uplander, Chevy Traverse, Chevy Silverado, Buick Enclave, Buick Rainer) all with latch. Our daughter (who has also had brain surgery) is 5 and 40lb still being harnessed, we recently stopped using the latch on hers and are using the seat belt install. We were able to keep our son harnessed until he was six and then he used a seat belt until he was 7.5, 63lb and 52 inches we put him in the bottom only booster. It did not however work in an Chevy Traverse or Buick Enclave bucket second row seat. We got the affix backless booster for those. It had a smaller footprint so it was easier to buckle himself. The cup holder is great, the cubbies are nice. The covers are easy enough to take off and wash. We have no complaints. We recommend them to everyone.Perfect
Purchased this 5 months ago for our son. He loves it just as much as we do. Our car had a minor accident from the rear end about a month ago and he has had no problems. I thank Graco and Chevy for that. Would recommend this seat to anyone looking for a good solid car seat. Will gladly order a Graco product next time we need one.Love it!
I have owned child car seats in the past (many brands), as well as hand-me-downs. I have NEVER seen a seat that felt more secure than this - it is like the Sherman Tank of car seats. The steel frame makes it a solid seat! I am getting ready to buy another one for our second car!! It makes other car seats look like flimsy chairs for children. Anyone would feel 100% safe in this seat...I wish there was one for adults! I am getting ready to return hand-me-downs and older seats. This one has a 10 year life span - which is also great!!!!Tank - when it comes to car seats!!!
It took us just a few minutes to figure out how it was put together and we got it all set within 10 minutes. Because we have a granddaughter, we purchased the one with pink on it and it is a pretty car seat as well. Getting it into the car was also very easy. Our granddaughter loves sitting in it, so much she wasn't quite ready to get out of the car.Looks Great and Easy to Complete Assembly
I purchase the pink and gr/bl car seats for my twins and they love it, and easy to install.Nautilus 3-in-1
We got this seat for my daughter when she was 2, been using it for 2 years now. She loves it! It is very comfortable for her. I love the fact that this seat is 3 seats in one. I love that it is reinforced with steal tubes. My oldest daughters booster seats did not compare to this one when it comes to the durability. The covers are easy to take off and put back on. They wash up nicely and still look brand new. This seat is great and I am so glad I will not have to purchase another seat for my daughter!One of the best seats out there!
I bought this Friday May 2 and my son is quiet and content in it! He is 2 and said he's happy!!Wonderful carseat!
I feel that my child is very secure in this carseat. It is very sturdy and well made. Also provides extra comfort and protection. Overall, i love it.Definitely would recommend :)
Purchased this right after my son had to go from infant carrier to turn around car seat. I LOVE this product. We are just 'now' going into the booster portion of the seat w/o the 5-point harness due to his weight/growth spurt and it is too tight on him. The safety features are what caught my attention, but the usage of this product for so long confirms that I made a Fantastic Choice on this product. The company has always been on top of things when straps had to be modified and the change was simple. The cup holder along w/the 2 side compartments for their 'hidden' treasures allows them a bit of big kid feeling having their stuff. The sides give enough for head support on long rides, even though I do suggest a 'U' shaped pillow for those head falling forward moments. I am actually breaking it down today after literally 8 years. My son will be 9 in November and we are JUST NOW going away from the 5-point harness. This is truly a great product. A great safety product. Let you kids know that IT IS COOL 2 STAY SAFE in this seat. I am truly going to miss the 5-point harness cause it did give me comfort knowing he was the safest passenger in the vehicle. Now onto 'big boy journey' with the seatbelt & the back/booster portion. THANK you Graco for the Nautilus 3-in-1. I've had 8 years of peace of mind using your product.Still using at 8 years old! It's cool 2 stay safe!
Moving from car seat to booster seat just got better! Graco makes the best products....your videos are so helpful. Love this booster, so easy to assemble, install, and adjust. My grandson loves facing
forward and Granmom loves the security of knowing he's safe.Wow!
I bought this car seat for my grandson about two months ago. I feel that he is very safe in the car with this car seat. I would highly recommend it!Sturdy with great features!
While looking for a new car seat for our, almost, 2 yr old I wanted something safe and comfortable. I was not willing to sacrifice safety for comfort and vise-versa. We travel a lot. While in the store, I noticed nice car seats but you could easily twist the plastic backs on them. I turned this car seat around and noticed the steel reinforcement. This car seat does not twist or bend at all. We put our daughter in it and she LOVES it. She is so comfortable in it, she even sleeps well in it on long drives. I am small enough to sit in the seat so I tried it and it is comfortable to me too. She loves the cup holder and the cubby for toys. This car seat will grow with her and we will never have to buy another. I have a small SUV and the seat fits just fine with plenty of extra room. It is easy to install and easy to get her in and out. And the cute designs are great too. This car seat costs more than the others but it's worth it, you wont be able to twist it. I take comfort in knowing she is safe and comfortable. We have 4 children... been through many different car seats. This is by far the best one we've owned. Highly recommend this car seat!Safe and Comfortable
I got the Nautilus carseat when my daughter was 3. When she was 4 we were hit by an 18-wheeler and luckily we were both ok but thanks to this seat and the extra side impact protection it has she wasnt even sore the next day. I got another one the next day and have purchased 3 more since then. My mom says she has problems getting the crotch buckle undone but I have none at all...Highly recommend this carseat!!Love this car seat!!
Grandbaby loves it!!! Just got it and we can't get her out of it, she refuses to get out!!Very Easy To Assemble
I recommend this carseat to every mom I know. This is the only carseat you will ever need after your child outgrows the infant seat. My youngest is 4 years old and she won't be outgrowing this seat anytime soon! It's saved us a lot of money in the long run. The Nautilus is sturdy enough to protect my kids, but comfortable enough for them to not get sore backs on long car rides. The headrest allows them to nap in the car without getting a strained neck. The cupholder and side pockets are convenient and easy to clean. Overall, I love it and would definitely buy it again.the last carseat you'll ever buy
I bought this product a few days ago for my three year old son. He was previously in the NextFit. He is extremely thin for his age, but has very long legs. I wanted something that wasn't so deep, and this product had great reviews, so I went with it. I was VERY easy to assemble. Installing was easy as well. He sits very comfortably in seat. He LOVES getting in his new car seat. The chest clip buckle is pretty stiff, but I don't find it an inconvenience. It's also a great size for my smaller car. Love it, and for the price, I'm definitely buying another! Thanks!Great upgrade!
My neighbor has a Graco Nautilus and we borrowed it for a long trip. It was so much easier to use than ours that when he outgrew his convertible seat I knew exactly what seat I was going to get. The padding is very comfortable and it's easy to get him in and out.So easy to use!
My baby loves her carseat, because it is very comfortable and useful.Great buy!
Just bought this for my 3.5 year old and she loves it. It looks and she sad its very comfy.Comfy!
Just bought this carseat for my 4 year old he's on the tiny side so I knew he could use it longer. He loves it and so do I he's says it's very comfy and I feel like he is totally secure in it.love it!
The previous car seat we owned the clasp on the shoulder straps was so easy to unbuckle that my 2 year old could release and get out of while riding in the car. This is the only car seat we found to have more advance buckle for safety. Love this car seat!!Great Features
I got this product about a year and a half ago or so and absolutely love it!! I have had no issues with this car seat and would buy another one in a heartbeat. My daughter loves it and. Graco sent me a replacement buckle in no time when they had the recall. Love love love it!!!great product!!
I own two of these car seats and LOVE THEM. I have recommended them to everyone who needs a convertible car seat for bigger kids. I love that I can use this car seat until my kids no longer need one. My only complaint is that there is not enough room in my mini-vans back seat for three of them. Best Car Seat Ever!!Best Car Seat Ever!
I Love this Car Seat! Best feature by far is being able to never buy another car seat!.. My daughter which very tiny for a 1 year old fits into this seat so well and is very comfortable! Easy to install!!!!!!1So Heavy Duty
Excellent seat for my 3 year old who is very tall and could no longer use the My Ride 65! He looks super comfortable all the time in this seat! Overall great product!Great Seat!
I have 2 of these car seats. Loved this for my son and had to buy for my daughter. Now my oldest is in a turbo booster and I am using the Nautalis for my youngest. My kids are tall and I love how well they fit in this seat while using the harness So much better than the other seats.Grows with your child
I have 2! This was one of the best investments we made. As soon as my little ones were big enough to be safely forward facing they have been in this seat. Looking forward to NOT having to buy any more car seats as they get older.Seat will grow with your child!
I bought this seat back in December since our old one was to big for our car and my toddler loves it! Will be buying another one when our youngest is 2 years old!Great features
We bought this for our daughter on her first birthday. She is now 5 and loves sitting in it every time we get in the car. She loves the cup holder because it is hers and she doesn't have to share. We love all the safety features about it. The durability is amazing, as well. We are now expecting our second child and we plan to use it for her too!My daughter loves it!!
We bought this 6 months ago and it's amazing I love how it grows with your childLove this car seat
I chose this seat for my son who has always been at the top of the growth charts. He was outgrowing car seats like crazy and this one has been able to grow with him! I've got his last car seat!Great seat!
We just bought this model for a seat for in grandma's car. The seat is comfortable for my son, will work for him all the way (he is about 2 1/2 now), and is so easy for her to use with her arthritic fingers. Great seat!Easy to use
I two of these car seats and have used them with two of my children. They are extremely durable and heavy duty which I LOVE in a carseat. LOVE the way it grows with my child as he/she grows and I do not have to keep buying new carseats as they grow. Highly recommend this to all parents looking.AWESOME WONDERFUL & FANTASTIC
My son has been using this carseat since he was 13 months old. He is now 3 years old and it looks and works like it's brand new. It is sturdy, durable, and safe. We love it!!! My daughter is turning 1 next month and we will be buying a second one for her!!!Very Durable!!!
This seat is being used by our third kid already, and we are still very happy with it. It is comfortable, and has little spots that she can put her drink or snacks.Durable and comfortable!
We LOVE this seat because it works for such a long range of time. My daughter used this seat for a good year or two, and now my son is taking his turn. We love how it morphs to better fit the child.Versatile!
Used this years ago and it was very helpful to not keep spending money as my child grew the seat worked great.Great car seat to grow in
I bought this car seat when my daughter was three and she will be 8 this summer. It is a great investment because it is the last car seat you will ever have to buy.Great carseat
I was looking for a long lasting car seat to keep my smaller 4 year old son in a 5 point harness as long as possible. A friend recommended this car seat to me and I am so glad I purchased it! It is easy to install and we love the little compartments and cup holder. My son loves that he sits high up and that it still keeps him safe!Love this car seat
This thing is amazing and I won't have to buy another. It is good all the way up to just a booster seat till my grandson doesn't need one anymore. I also love the colors.Love the features on this one.
I love the security that I feel with my son safely buckled into this car seat! He's comfortable enough to sleep while we drive, but I don't have to worry about his safety in the car.Safety first!
Comfortable, safe, and entertaining for our daughter. Very happy she feels like a proud part of the family- she can feel like a big sister watching over her little brother in his smaller car seat, use the cup holder and side pockets to store snacks crayons or toys when on a longer trip, and is so happy to see out the window better!Great (safety) choice for a Big Sister!
The best car seat ever. Very comfortable and easy to clean. I feel like our son is very safe and secure in his car seat.Great Features.
I love how safe this car seat is for my child, especially because it's one of the best but wasn't the most expensive one at the store either. Not only that, but it is good for 10 years which is one of the longer lasting cars eats as well. Overall I couldn't be happier with a car seat for my little one.amazing product, great safety wise and price wise
I love this seat. It's sturdy, secure, and safe. My 3 1/2 year old daughter is comfortable in it, and we feel like she is safe. Nothing bad to say!!!!!!!!!!!Fantastic!
We've had our Nautilus car seat for over a year and we love it. My three and a half year-old can easily get his arms into the straps and secure the chest buckle. He loves that it has a cup holder that is the right size for his water bottle. He always has a few little toys in his storage compartments for the drive. I love that it is so easy to adjust. After unbuckling and adjusting car seats for years, I am so thankful for one that I can adjust with one hand!So Easy to Use!
We recently bought this carseat for us to have when our granddaughter comes to stay at our house. We (she) has been very pleased with it!!Safety first!
I have been very pleased with this seat. My daughter is happy and seems to be comfortable. Her head doesn't flop when she falls asleep either.great seat
I bought this seat about 4 years ago and I'm so happy I did. My daughter is now 5 and only 36 lbs and I'm still able to use the harness which makes me feel better. I feel like I'm keeping her safe which is all any parent wants. My son also has one and is two now. This is the best seat I have ever owned!Worth the price!
Love this car seat. It is roomy yet safe. Was easy to install. Instructions very clear. My grandson loves it.Easy to Install
I originally had a My Size 70 but we were in a car accident and I had to buy a new car seat. They stopped making the one I had so I got the Nautilus instead. This carseat is even better than my first. It is a blessing in disguise. Very comfortable and my baby loves go "hold on" to where the seatbelt can go in. He looks forward to "go car go" time.Comfy cozy car seat
We bought this for our son, his old one was bulky and only could forward or backward face with the harness. It couldn't do anything else. But, our son loves that he has places to put his cars and his sippy actually fits in the cup holder.Love it!
This car seat is a 3 in 1 car seat for real, my3 years old daughter just loves this car seat, it's easy to put together, it has the side impact protection pad and it.looks.very sturdy. My daughter won't need a car seat till forever. I love that it has the backless booster for when she is older.best car seat ever
Our oldest daughter was sad to give up her My Ride 65 to her little sister at first. But it didn't take long till she realized how much she'd love this car seat. We've taken it to Disney twice (driving from the Chicago area) and never once complained that she was uncomfortable.

I love how safe she is in it and that the headrest is easy to adjust.Great car seat!
There are no other car seats out there like this one. It is so convenient I wish I would have known about it when I was expecting because I would have bought the 4 in 1.Convenient
I bought this carseat about few days and I love it is so easy to install and so Confrontlable for my girlgreat carseat
My 18 month old is loving this car seat. We went from the click connect 40 to this and they both are awesome! All Graco car seats are very padded and the buckle system is so strong. It's great! :-DSo padded and comfy
We have 2 of these for our daughter. We love it. She has never complained about this seat. I love that she is still able to be in a 5 point harness as it is so much safer than seat belt. Easy to install. It is a wide seat but fits well in our vehicle.comfy and easy to install
We bought one of these for my son who's now using it as a high back booster. He loves being comfortable (and the cup holder haha). We love that it converts down to a booster. Saves a lot of time and money. We plan on buying one for my daughter when she moves to a front facing seat later this year!Awesome seat!!
I just bought this car seat for my daughter with disabilities. She is almost 4 ft tall but only weighs about 42 pounds. It fits her perfectly and she still has room to grow with the harness system. The very first time she set in it she went to sleep and I didn't have to worry about her head falling over and not being comfortable. We will be purchasing a second one for our 3 year old also. Love this seat.Great Fit
We did tons of research before buying the Graco Nautilus 3-in-I Car Seat and we are thrilled! Our grandson climbed right into the new 3-in-1 after Day Care today and clapped for joy to be facing front and to be so comfortable and secure! Graco's products have always made parenting and now grandparenting much more fun and MUCH easier! Grandma is clapping for Graco, too!My Grandson Clapped!
My wife and I were looking for a car seat that would last our child for a long time. She mentioned the Nautilus so i did my research. When we bought and my son sat in it for the first time I could not help but realize what a great investment we made. It has everything our boy needs cup holder, compartments, and most of all the safety we expect from Graco.Happy I bought this!!!!!
I used this for a couple of months. I already love this product just as much as I love other GRACO products. Highly recommend.Excellent Safety features in today's unsafe world
My daughter and I were in a bad car accident. Someone came into our lane head on. I swerved best I could but they still took out my drivers side from bumper to bumper and the car was completely totaled. I jumped out of my car and into the back to check out her and she was perfectly fine. Didn't even realize anything had happened at all.I love this car seat!!!
This car seat is great not bulky and comes apart for easy cleaning. I really like the cup holder is built in so we can't lose it!Love it!
Set up was easy and the seat looks very comfortable!
The adjustable headrest is great, and the strap adjustments are very easy...no struggling with straps anymore!!!
perfect for my Lil one.Great product!
i got this at a baby shower and i am happy i did a 3 in 1 saves money and its very easy to use because you can use it till you child is out of a car seatgood
My 7 month old LOVES his graco nautilus! It's so comfortable and the built in cup holder is so convenient!great car seat!
Just arrived today. So easy to install, thank you. My daughter will love her new "Big Girl" seat! This has so many safety option, they could use this on a space ship. Love the design, color and comfort, as will she ;)Awesome Seat for My Daughter!
I bought this last month and my daughter loves it's! I'm happy with the cup holder and that it's forward facing!I love that it will grow with my daughter!!
My wife and I have 2 kids and we own 4 of these. Once your child turns 1 this should be the last car seat you'll need. It's durable, easy to clean, and not too bulky for air port travel. The built in camp holder is sturdy and the kids love the compartments for toys. Grace, you should consider cup holders on bit arm rests, not just one!Perfect for about 1 year and older
This seat is easily installed, comfortable, and affordable.Great Seat
It's great so far and my baby loves it.Carseat
My son loves it! We had no problem installing it in our car. Would recommend it to a friend.Great carseat
Have only been using for about a week for my grand daughter. She just had her first birthday and loves riding in it. She loves looking around and being able to see out the windows of my small SUV.
Was not able to install it but my son had no problem doing it. It takes some muscles to prepare and install in the vehicle.Satisfied Customer
We Bought This Carseat For Our Oldest Son About 5 Years Ago It Is Wonderful For Long Trips And Very Convenient We Love The Cup Holders And Little Holding Compartments On The Side. We Now Use It In Our Youngest Who Is Three And It Is So Easy To Wash It Still Looks Like New. I Love The Fact That It's Easy For Me To unbuckle But Hard For him. It Doesn't Fit As Well In The Back Away Of Our Truck It Is To Long For The Seat And Doesn't Recline Enough Do When He Falls Salerooms Head Flops All Over. But When We Had It In Our Car It Did Better I Wish It Reclined Bit more. For Their Comfort. But Other Wise I Love it.love this car seat
Bought this one for my granddaughter. Love it and she does too.Great ride
I was amazed by how easy it was to assemble and how safe and easy it is. Love it and my daughter loves it.Great features
Just purchased this and seems great so far, and my daughter loves sitting in it. The best part is the cup holder that doesn't take any extra space like other car seats.Daughter loves this car seat
Works great. I have a 2 door sunfire. Fits good in it. I think its the best car seat out there.Best Car Seat
PROS:
One of the things I like about this seat is I find the cover easy to remove and wash. My second favorite is that it reclines. Now, it is not a dramatic recline but just enough for a sleeping tot to get some rest without their head bobbling all over the place. All of my little ones have loved the little storage compartments inside the arms of the seats. The cup holder on this model is also a bonus. I purchased my first Nautilus in 2008 and just retired it because it was expired. I just recently purchases two more for my little ones.
CONS:
One downside I would say about my recent purchase compared to my previous purchase is that the fabric on the older one seems to be a better quality. It it still breathable but just doesn't seem as sturdy as the fabric on the first one I purchased. I have always been a fan of Graco products. Even though the latch straps are harder to attach and release than other brands I still keep going back to this seat. Another thing I am not a big fan of is the material on the armrests. My older child ruined the rubber on her seat. We still used it for the next child (until the car seat expired) however it looked awful.Perfect for 2 and up
I purchased this seat to replace my Platinum booster. My son and I both really like this seat. Assembly was somewhat difficult just because finding the elastic straps was not easy. My only complaint about this seat is how tall it is. It is hard to get my 2 year old in and out of without hitting his head on the ceiling. Also, I'm finding the height is blocking part of my rear window. This is still a wonderful product - it's safe, durable, and dependable. I love the Graco brand for those reasons and will recommend this seat to other parents.Another great Graco product!
The car seat is very comfortable for the child, versatile in that it is adjusted as the child ages and such. He likes being able to face front now that he's old enough and heavy enough.Great Car Seat
I was searching for a safe car seat that my 2 year old "houdini" could not escape. This seat worked and she has yet to escape... The price was great as well.Great Car Seat
I got this for my 35 pound 3 year old son since my old one was so cruddy and I waited for 2 weeks for this one to be available, very hard to find. It's super easy to put together, but once thing, it looks like it's a little in recline mode and I can't get it to sit upright. But other than that, it's great and comfy and my son loves it. I only got it last week so still working on some issues with it, but I'm sure I'll get it.Great, but stuck in Recline Mode
I bought this seat for my son. I like the seat overall. It is the ONLY seat that allows you to use the harness to 65 pounds. I would recommend this product to anyone that has a child around 40 pounds and they feel that their child is not yet ready for the booster seat to be used with only the cars seat belt.simply pleased
This is a very good seat, just surprised to have to do some assembly upon receiving it in its box (wasn't too bad to assemble).Solid seat
I love the Graco Nautilus. I was so happy to find this new product, b/c I had ordered several very expensive carseat/boosters and sent them all back b/c my son didn't like them. I feel that Graco makes great products and was delighted to find out that they made a carseat that will turn into a high-back and backless booster. My son is 3 and about 38 pounds and it's nice to know that he will be in the harness for a while. I feel much safer with him in a 5-point harness than the seat belt. And he seems comfortable in it. He has fallen asleep and seems comfortable, although his head tends to flop forward. I even have the seat "reclined", which isn't much of a recline. I think it's more to get the carseat to sit right in your car. I was very happy with the price and quality of this car seat.Last Carseat I will need!
When I saw that this seat has a recline function I thought it meant the whole seat reclines but instead just the bottom does. Other than that it is a great seat and my son enjoys it.Car Seat
I kept going back and forth between this seat and the britax frontier. I chose the graco because of the value. The main reason for the purchase was the 5 point harness up to 65lbs. My 2 1/2 year old is about 31lbs, so I know we will get good use out of it. I also love that it turns into a booster seat. Last seat I will ever have to buy! One thing that is a bit tricky is the buckle release. You have to push down all the way in order for it to release. That could have been designed better.Great toddler seat
Car seat is just great! We needed a second one for our other car and this one fits perfectly! It was set installed in less than 15 minutes. My son loves the seat and thinks the cup holder is the best thing ever!Pricey but great carseat
A major factor in our purchase of this product was another review that stated the car seat was FAA approved. We like everything about the seat EXCEPT the fact that the sticker on the back of the seat clearly states that it is NOT approved by the FAA. We exchanged it for another model at the local WalMart store that is approved by the FAA for use on commercial aircraft.Not FAA approved
This seat is heavy-duty, easy to put together, and easy to keep clean/hides messes well. The buckle is easy to do (even my 2 1/2 year old can do it), and I know some complained it was hard to unbuckle, but mine is easy for me.

One complaint that had me worried was that it does not recline very far- which is true. My son's head flopped forward like namy others when he fell asleep. However, the seats in my van have a recline feature, which compensated for this. So, if your car's back seat reclines, no problem- but otherwise this may not be the seat for you.

Mostly I am pleased to find a seat as afforable as this that will last for many years. I am planning on buying another for my daughter soon.Great for the price
owned for 1 month. easy setup/install. seems to be durable/well made. great features. my son loves it.good purchase
we researched several models and this one was the best model for this price. It is for our 3 yr old who outgrew a smaller carseat we bought after she got out of the infant carrier. We were looking for a car seat that could be used until she no longer needs any carseat or booster. This model holds up to 100#. It was pretty easy to get set-up, however not as easy as our britax (which runs at least twice this model) in the other car.good carseat for the money
Overall, we really like this car seat. We have two of them and are buying two more because our youngest now needs a forward-facing seat.

It is durable, easy to wash, and easy to get in and out of the vehicles. Most importantly for me, the straps are nice and thick, making it so that they do not get twisted. I've used other car seats where the straps and strap threading mechanisms are not very well built, making it so that every so often you have to remove the car seat from the vehicle just to get things untwisted.

One downside is that the reclining option requires taking the seat out of the vehicle. This makes the reclining option practically useless. You want to recline it when the kid needs to sleep, which is typically not when you have the time to take it out to adjust it. We just put it at the middle level, which seems good enough to let the children see out when they are awake and not fall forward too much when they are sleeping.

I definitely recommend this if you are the type who wants a quality seat at a reasonable price, but can live with not getting all the frills.Practical and Economical
I fell in love with this seat and tried my son in it for a 2 hour trip. He loved it and didnt want to get out when we got home. However, during the drive he fell asleep and his head fell forward with his chin touching his chest. He was so uncomfortable that he cried. Now every kid is different so my best advice is to try it out, you never know. I love everything else about this seat though, very easy to install (I used seatbelt), I got a rock solid install in just a few minutes. I wish it had worked for my son but he's a big time sleeper in the car so thats important to me. I had to return it got a Britax Frontier insead.I loved this seat but...
I received one of these free thru a program my local hospital has and loved it for my 15 month old so i just bought one for my 3 1/2 year old. Love, love, love the fact that it can be used for so long! Love the fact the cup holder is built in, no more misplaced or broken clips on the cup holder. Both my girls love to put things in the side storage spaces. They both sit and ride comfortable in this carseat. I also like that this seat comes with the shoulder pads on the straps, I have tried using ones I bought on our other car seats and they never worked out. Also our 3 1/2 year old never says her back hurts like she did with her old seat which we had to use the cushion that came with it. This is the third type of seat I have bought and this one is definetly a keeper and I will recommend it to my friends! The only negatives I have to say is that my 3 1/2 year olds head at times will fall forward when she falls asleep. I have both seats reclined back the farthest but hers will still fall forward, the 15 month olds head seems to lean on the head support and not fall forward nearly as much. I am not sure how hard the seat cover will be to take off and on to wash yet. This seat is heavy, but I leave them in one vehicle, but they do seem very rugged and safe. Overall I realy like this seat and so wish I would have bought it first and saved myself some money in the long run!Great Car Seat
I think this product has great value especially compared to the higher priced seats. I especially like that it becomes a backless booster. My son (currently 12months) appears comfortable in it (he falls asleep in it!) and did well with the long holiday drives. My two complaints are: the recline feature is a joke and it would be helpful if the armrests lifted up for transfer in/out (e.g. when child is sleeping).good value
I really like this car seat. We bought this seat for our 1 year old since he could move to a big boy seat and he loves it. He was getting so fussy in the car because he couldn't see and was bored. There is a cup holder for his drink and two pockets where he can keep toys in, though he throws most of them out. I like that it's very easy to install as we change it from our car to the truck often, however, in my car (4 door Saturn SL1) I have to tilt him to get him in or he hits his head. It's kind of a pain getting him in and out from the car. Also, when he falls asleep his chin always ends up on his chest or shoulder because even reclining it doesn't provide that support. I'm sure it would be that way in any big kid car seat. Cleaning it up is a snap, machine washable, and the fabric is very nice. We LOVE this carseat.LOVE this car seat!
I purchased this seat for my 3-year-old daughter who is small for her age. She still fit in her conversion car seat, but her new baby brother was growing out of his infant seat and needed to move up into hers. I wanted a seat that would last for awhile and that both of them could grow into. The coversion seat I already own goes up to 65lbs, but this seat goes up to 100lbs. It is a multi use seat, right now she sits in it as a regular car seat with a 5 point harness, she will eventually get to use it as a booter seat with the car's own seat belt system. It was very easy to install, my infant seat was Graco and their products seem pretty self-expanatory to me. The only issue I have with this seat is that the adjustable shoulder straps must be adjusted from the back of the seat, which requires you take it out of your vehicle. My conversion seat is an Evenflo and the shoulder straps are adjustable while the seat is still installed, which is a nice feature. Overall, this seat is good for a growing toddler, preschooler and then a young child, who you will need to keep in a seat/booster for some time....I believe the law in my state is 8 years old and 80lbs before being without any booster.Grows with your child
Our daughter LOVES this car seat!!! She just had her 1st birthday, and since she has outgrown her infant seat, it was time to get a new carseat. My husband and I did ALOT of research! And I mean ALOT!! Visited stores, consumer products websites, and even took these reviews into consideration prior to choosing this one. When the box arrived my daughters eyes got huge! When we took it out of the box, she was sitting in it before we could remove all the plastic! She loves it, it seems very durable. Havent had to clean the cover yet, but it seems easy enough to remove and clean. Over all we are very happyWonderful Carseat
My friend told me about this car seat and how much she loved it. I bought it the next day and couldn't be happier. My son loves it, he even fell asleep in it the first time he was in it. I love all the padding. The buckles are very easy to use and tighten. I really like the look of the material. I am not a big fan of the fuzzy ones. I have not used any other forward facing car seats but I think this one is fairly easy to install. I would tell anyone to buy this product.I love it!
This carseat is awsome!! It was easy to put together. What I love most about it is that it will last a LONG time for my son. AND it is a good price!!Love this carseat!
For an anxious grandparent (who hasn't used a car seat in 25 years) the 63 page manual was both daunting and unintelligible. It should be simplified to include step-by-step instructions (by someone who speaks English as a native) on how to set the seat up and how to put it in a car.Nautilus Car Seat
this is a great carseat, my daughter likes this one alot better then her last one. The only thing i didnt like was that it didnt recline as far back as i would have liked. But other then that i have no complaints. The color is nice and it has enough cushion that keeps her comfortable on long trips.
Also, the shipping was very fast, it said it would take between 5-7 days, but it actually got here in about 3 days. i would recommend this carseat, especially for this price.great product!
A good carseat, but VERY big. I bought it for my three year old and ended up returning it, because the seat was huge on him (And he's in the 75th percentile for height). There is no way my 20 pound one year old would fit in this. If you want a carseat for a 5 or 6 year old, this may be the way to go.Good for older kids
Initally nervous about getting this seat due to some other bad reviews, we still tried this one because of the fantastic range- the harness can last to 65 pounds and it turns into a booster. With a larger that average 2 1/2 year old, we still wanted to use a harness because a regular seat belt would hit his belly area rather than his lap. We were also concerned he would be able to undo a regular belt. I've had no concerns that he's stitting on the buckle as other people have, and he's 42 pounds. This seat has so far been so great- the size, the ability to customize the fit, and the features like the cupholder and little "cubbies" in the arm rests have made it our favorite since his infant carrier (also a Graco). We bought one to try, and will be getting a second for the other car. My advice is to read all of the reviews, and also look at one in the store to make sure you like. Also check out seat info online from third party reviewers.Happy with our new seat
This car seat had all of the features that I wanted. It has been easy to use. My son loves the cup holder and the little storage holes. So far great product and only complaint is the recline position is not really reclining any, but it has plenty of support around the head, so all is well.exactly what I wanted
I bought this car seat for my niece when she turned 1. It is very easy to set up and install. She loves the cup holder and storage. It is a great value in that it converts to a booster and goes up to 100 lbs. I did think that it had a recline feature but cannot figure out how to use it. The instructions are not really great on the features....just set up.Great car seat
I bought this after reasonable research - both online and in store. This was perhaps the only product that had all the features that we wanted - at the price we liked.

It was easy to install [my wife did it! :)].

The only thing that I'm a little dissatisfied with is the recline - I would have liked it to have a little more recline.Good buy
LI have always bought Graco and this will be my third for my daughter, all of which have been fantastic.The carseat came pretty much ready to go. I had to do some readjusting but it wasn't too difficult. I am having some issues adjusting the bottom clip where the harness straps in but am sure I will find the answer in the direction booklet. My daughter loves the cup holder and tells me how "comfy" it is everyday. Thankfully this carseat goes to 100 pounds so hopefully this will be the last one I ever have to buy! Would definitely recommend to all my friends!Please be the last one!
I have been using this carseat for 2 weeks now and I really like it. My daughter who is 4 years old, 40lbs, and about 39 inches tall, loves the seat. The cup holder is probably her favorite. It was easy to put together from out of the box. I took me about 8 minutes. The buckling clips are nice too and I love the colors of the seat.

I love that she can be in the seat for many years to come!

The only negative thing is that when she is sleeping, her head flops around. Her smaller carseat (up to 40lbs) reclined more allowing her to rest her head while sleeping. It would be nice if this one reclined more, but maybe it shouldn't for safety reasons.??? It's also kind of heavy so It will be a small chore to move it from car to car. Either way, it's a great buy and I'm glad I got it.Geat Buy
I bought this car seat for my 1 year old daughter. I thought is was the best price for all the features and I was right. I did a lot of shopping around and read lots of reviews before picking this item. I also found that the item was much cheaper online than buying it in the store. My daughter loves it and it is very easy to install. I would recommend it to everyone!!! It also tested well in the crash safety tests.Great option
I needed to get a second carseat and the one we had was an Eddie Bauer. It's not horrible but I didn't think it was all great. The graco is awesome because it feels really well built and good for safety.

The cupholder is a great feature. The only thing i wish it could is for the arms to fold so that it would make it really easy to get my baby in her seat especially if there's not much space because of the passenger seat in front of its.Great seat. Daughter loves it.
I bought this booster seat for my son who is 3 years old. He is tall but very skinny so I wanted something that would grow with him yet keep him safe. I like how you can use the harness up to 65 pounds. I also like how you can use the LATCH system with it.

The only draw back was that it was a little difficult to setup. I had to get the directions out in order to figure out how everything worked together. Most other car seats there is not much to them so I have never had to use the directions but I need them on this one.

I think I may end up purchasing another seat like this one for my daughter once she outgrows my sons old one since he will still be using his when she is ready to upgrade.Great Booster
My son has physical delays, and low tone in his trunk area, so needs a 5-point harness even at 4 yrs old, and won't be ready for a booster anytime soon. The flexibility of the Nautilus' harness system and it's ability to grow with our son is the reason we bought it. At first, one side of the front buckle was sticky and took awhile to unfasten (of course, this happened to us when it was below zero outside), but it has since loosened up, and is one of the greatest values we've found - especially at the "Online Price". The only negative for us is the "no-slip" arm rest - since our son doesn't get in & out of it himself, we have to lift him over the armrest so he doesn't get stuck on it (it's currently in a sedan, not a minivan) - a non no-slip armrest would help us, but we can live with it, because the rest of it is so beneficial to us. We don't give it 5 stars for durability, only because we haven't had it long enough to judge it fairly.Great for Special Needs Kids
We purchased this seat for my 3 year old son. He loves it. Its pretty comfortable and it feels secure. My son hasn't complained once about sitting in it, and our daily drive home is 45 minutes.
The snaps take a little getting use to and aren't very easy to unsnap, but I guess that prevents my son from trying to undo his restraints on his own.Pretty good
I love this seat. My daughter is big for her age. Shes not heavy but very tall. She is the height of a 3 yr old and only 21 months...and all her weight is her height..so when I saw that this went up to 65lbs I had to get it. All you have to do is adjust the headrest and harnest and put it in the car. My daughter loves the cupholder, and so do I. Most seat have a detachable one, which I hate and this one is right in the armrest. And it has lil hideaway cubbies in the inner area which she loves also, she hides her toys in there! I also love how its a backrest booster and then a regular booster all up to 100lbs! I bought two, since I have a six month old, so when she hits one she will be in it too...I highly recommend this seat to anyone who has an over average child!Great Carseat
i have had no problem so far with this car seat. it was easy to install. The quality seems to be pretty good. its a pretty neutral pattern.pretty good
My son loves his new carseat! This carseat is very comfortable for him and I feel like he is very secure in it. The set up was easy and putting in my car was also. This car seat is best left in one car. It's a bit of a hassle to move from one car to the next, so we have bought a different seat for my husband's vehicle. Overall, we love this seat!Pleased with purchase
My husband and I purchased this carseat for our 8 mos old son who is too long for his infant carseat. We have a Jeep Cherokee and it did not fit rear facing in our car at all. Overall, we loved the seat but our son isn't old enough to ride front-facing yet so I had to return it. Also it doesn't recline as much as other seats.

Highly recommended for any child old enough to be forward-facing.Not for infant but GREAT for toddlers
good product, I was looking for something not too expensive and not to cheap. I had high standards for my 1st son and this one is a little heavy but works great.Graco - Nautilus 3-in-1 MultiUse Car Seat, Bravo
My son outgrew the 40lb harness limit on his previous Evenflo Triumph. Bought him this one because of the higher harness limit. Love the car seat but have to complain that the fabric insert is not easily removed for cleaning. If you have a son like mine - messes are constant and it's a real pain to have to remove his seat everytime I want to wash his padding.Great carseat except...
We bought this as a 2nd car seat for my husband's truck. Our 2 year old loves riding in it so it must be comfortable to her! She has a Britax Blvd as her primary but will switch to the Graco when her sibling needs that seat in a year or so. Good buy!Great seat to grow with your toddler
I only had the car seat one day before my teething toddler drooled on it. It made a stain. Of course it washed out, but I can't be scrubbing the car seat every time we go for a ride.Great, but stains show too easily
I have 2 of these car seats, and so far I am very happy with them. My son is comfortable in it, loves to hide his toys in the "cubbies" and loves the cup holder. The best thing for me...no more car seats to buy...EVER!So far so good
Everything seems to be working out pretty well. Everything moves like it should and straps slide into place and release well (last carseat didn't). I like it great so far.so far so good
I'm pretty satisfied with this product. The arm handle on the left side is easily dislodged, which is aggravating to have to keep fixing. The strap covers are worthless but cost a few dollars to purchase new ones, so that's no big deal. The cupholder is easy for my 2 year old to reach, so that helps. Assembly wasn't too painful.pretty good buy
I bought this for my one year old, and I am pretty satisfied with it. It was a little difficult to install into the car with the shoulder belt, so I had to use the belt adapter. I was a little dissapointed that it doesn't recline much. Other than that, I think I will be very happy with this product.Exactly What I Wanted
It is the perfect carseat for someone like me who is very car safety conscious. My son is 4 years old and 40 lbs but I wasn't ready for him to be in a booster. He fits perfectly in this carseat with the 5 point harness that will fit until 65 lbs! I also have a Britax Regent, which I love but this is a good second car carseat for a much better price and it takes much less space.Love it
After learning how important a 5 point harness is for toddlers too, I had to buy this car seat. The harness fits up to 65 pounds or at least 5 years old. There are only a few on the market. Graco was the most affordable. I've seen news reports and read articles on horror stories of children in car seats with just a seat belt across. I have peace of mind now. The seat has a compartment for little toys,a cup holder, and the buckles are pretty easy to do without ruining a manicure! It is the only seat we will need since it converts to a booster at the right age.great find
Love this car seat. Comes mostly assembled, other parts snap right in. Our child loves it and it's easy to get them in and out of it.Excellent car seat
I love this carseat I only wish I had found it before I bought my last carseat, it only goes up to 40 pounds with the harness. I love that the cup holder is part of the seat because I have two carseats next to each other and it makes it imposible to put the cup holder on the outside of the carseat. My son loves that he can buckle himself which is nice for me too (He is almost 5) I also love that it turns into a backless booster (which I have not used yet) The only thing I do not like is that it does not recline very much and my sons head flops forward when he falls asleep, but that is the only problem I have had and I am going to be getting the pink one for my little girl when she grows out of her saefseat.Love this carseat
I love this seat. My son seems comfortable in it. He doesn't struggle as much getting into it as he does others. My only problem is that sometimes the lower left buckle sticks and I have a hard time getting my son out of it.Great seat!
I am pretty impressed with this car seat. Cons- material is crooked on the headrest & hard to load child in the seat because the armrests are so big. Pros- has nice storage area in the armrest, love that it converts to just a booster seat & nice durable material. Very easy to assemble. Would recommend this car seat to anyone!Very Nice!
I purchased this for my grandson so he can ride safely in our truck. It has a great design and I love the idea that it protects the head! Another great feature is the cup holder. It comes in handy. If I could change one thing it would be the bulkiness, but I understand it has to be like that...its holding bigger kids. My grandson says he likes it. He is a big guy now so he needs a big seat. I love the front fabric protector, it helps to keep material from buching there as well. The fabric is a good color choice, wont show stains and the most important thing we wanted to stay with was the five point harness. Hopefully we never have to see how effective it is.
I would definitely recommend this seat, but with one word of advice. Make sure your vehicle can accomodate the size.Safety matters
Very good seat for the price. My only complaint is how the arms click into place. They seem to come off too easily. Worth the money to keep my child in a harness longer than 40 pounds.quality product
Only two complaints: the harness attachment is not far enough out to accomodate larger children and the chair show every drop of liquid. Otherwise I love the chair, it was easy to assemble and install. The harness pulls tight easily and quickly and I love the release for the harness.Glad I purchased it.
Overall, this product seems to fit the bill. I wish the fabric was a little softer, but it seems very durable, which is good since it is supposed to last a child from 3-8 years old. Our daughter is in the 100%percentile for height and weight so even though she is 2, she is a tall as a 3 1/3 year old. We needed a seat that would meet her weight and height requirements while still affording her a safe car seat. She is 38 lbs and most toddler car seats only go to 40 lbs. We needed a car seat that would accomadate her height and weight, but she was not old enough for a high back booster only. State law requires she be harnessed until 3 years of age. This seat is a great value as it is a toddler car seat, a high backed booster and a lap booster in 1. Most toddler car seats that go up past 40 lbs cost over $200. This seat is the last seat she will ever need and it was under $150. You can do site-to-store shipping at Wal-Mart and it cuts the cost even more. A toddler seat costs $50-150, a high back booster costs $50-100 and a lap booster is about $20 so this seat more than pays for itself. It was a breeze to put together and the fabric, while a little stiff, seems very durable. The cup holder is AWESOME and my daughter loves it. It is the most sturdy car seat cup holder I have ever seen. The only minus is that you still need the locking clip when using the 5 point harness, but you need that for many car seats so it's not a huge drawback. Overall a great value, easy set up, great for larger toddlers and Graco boosters have a good safety track record.Good value, easy set-up, great for larger toddlers
The arm with the cup holder pops out way too easily. It's great, but I would like to see the arms stay put while they are in use. It's a little heavy for a NY single Mom that takes it in and out of different cars. I would like to see some sort of handle or strap for this reason. I don't own a car, and I have to transport it sometimes, not to mention, I will be using it for flights, and I would love to see someone make a way for these things to be easier to carry. Not necessarily lighter weight, just attach something so it can be strapped on your back at least.Secure But...
I really like this carseat and so does my son. The only downfall is that it's pretty darn heavy so it's not the kind of carseat you would want to move around from vehicle to vehicle.Great Carseat
I love this car seat. It's easy to install and my daughter loves it. I do wish it was a rear facing car seat and that it reclined more...but other than that it's a great car seat. It's attractive, it's easy to take off the cover and wash, AND it's not too big.great carseat
I was so excited when I picked this up via site to store. My son loves it too. It is a huge upgrade from his basic car seat. After looking at a lot of different car seats, I went with this one based on reviews. I am confident that my son is safe in this based on other reviews.

Downfall, when my son falls asleep in the car his head flops down. The recline on it doesn't seem to recline very much. This did not happen in his old car seat. I don't know why this is and I find myself reaching back to fix his head but it continually happens.

Upside is the design, again based on reviews of others saying they have wrecked and their child was untouched in the accident I still believe I made the right choice in choosing this car seat.Happy....
I would recommend this product however, one note for individuals with weak fingers - the press button to unlock the harness around the child is a little tough to open.Nice car seat - built very sturdy.
I thought this seat was fantastic. I liked that the harness went to 65 lbs and that it was a fair price. My son thought it was comfortable and liked the cup holder and "cubbies" under each arm rest. Unfortunately, we couldn't keep it because it was too wide to fit two in the back of our trail jeep. If this was for use in my everyday car it would be perfect.Very nice, but big
* I read all the reviews on every major website that sold this product. Almost every review was a definate positive so went ahead and purchased it myself. Major pros... my son is small for his age (40lbs, 41in at 4.5 yrs old) so i want to keep him in the harness as long as possible. This carseat is up to 65lbs with the 5pt harness!!! It converts to the high-back booster and the backless booster!!! My son loves the "cubby holes" on each side. He says its perfect for his cars!!! Its very sturdy and heavy; which makes me more comfortable knowing it doesnt move like his other carseats. Love all of these PROs!!!
CONs- I dont like the built in cupholder. Its on the right side of the seat, so if the seat is on the right side of the car (not truck), its hard for him to get in and out if there is a drink in it. And I dont like how the harness buckles between his legs. You have to push the button down, not in. Hard when its so cold out here in Chicago with freezing hands!!! As far as assembly, follow the directions. Pretty self explanatory for the MOST part.
Overall, I love it!!! *Fantastic carseat, but couple downfalls...
This seat seems to be durable. A couple of negatives are-- the seat doesn't recline as much as I would like it to 2-the harness says it accomodates up to 65 lbs, but with a winter coat the straps are tight, very difficult to strap her in. As much as this seat costs, I would like to utilize the many features/stages of the seat (the harness, the booster seat w/seatbelt, and the backless seat.) And my daughter isn't big for her age, she is three and weighs about 37lbs.durable seat
It is the best carseat if you have 2 or more kids under the age of 4. The only downfall is that it does not recline as good as the Alpha Omega. Overall great product!Great product
The thing that sold my wife and I was the idea that this would be the final purchase for our daughter until she was tall enough to sit without any booster seat. I was amazed that you could start as early as 20lbs with this seat and go all the way until they are sitting solo. The price was unbeatable and the product has been very sturdy.

The only negative is that the latches in the front can take a little extra work to get undone when trying to take the baby out.Great Features, even better Price!
This thing is very adjustable and amazing for how many uses, sizes and weights it can handle!

However, it needs the following improvements IMO:
- Crotch latch is too close to back of seat even when in most forward position
- Cup holder does not fit all containers
- Moving the crotch latch is hard if you don't see the trick to it the first few times
- Recline in minimal at best

Otherwise, this is a very nicely built and sturdy seat --> we bought 2 at a discount price!Very adjustable - a few improvements needed
we bought this (2 of them actually) after our son turned 1. we got rid of the 'cradle / base' car seat for this - hoping not to buy another one. so far he loves it. much more comfortable, he can see, he feels very secure in there and it seems to work. we'll see if we can actually use it as he grows, but so far (we've had it for about 2 months) it was a great buy.great! (so far)
We purchased 2 of these for our 16 month old twins. They were highly recommended on the walmart.com site. I love everything about them with one concern. I'm worried that the straps may be long enough to last as they grow. The boys are wearing winter jackets right now and that takes up most of the length of the straps and I'm worried they'll be too short/tight next winter. I've e-mailed the company and trying to get answers to my questions about this. I didn't read about anyone else having this experience. Other than that, I'm very happy with the seats. I love how they look and the boys look very comfortable in them. I love the built in cup holders and the fact that these should be the last car/booster seats we'll ever need.carseats
There are a few annoyances you should be aware of. First, the harness straps are made from a thinner and more coarse material than that of infant carriers. Feels a little chintzy. It also makes the straps twist more often. Second, putting the child into the seat can be tricky. The harness straps and belt clip want to rest on the seat itself, which means you have to wrestle them out from underneath the child. You can tuck the harness behind the sides of the body pillow, but they can become twisted that way. As for the belt clip, there is a removale velcro cover that you can take off and leave off, or put back on after the child is seated which may or may not help keep the belt clip forward. The last annoyance is that the chest clip is huge, and the prongs on one side could easily poke your child if you aren't careful. They could stand to knock 1/2" or so off of it. That said, I still love the seat. Other stores have different colors but they are more expensive unless you can get them to match. And with the LATCH and tether, this seat won't move at all. It's tighter than my Chicco car seat was and it wasn't loose! My son loves to see where he's going, not where he's been, so as soon as he hit the 1 yr/20 # mark I put him in it. He loves it!Great seat but . . .
I researched car seats for several months before I purchased this one. It was between this one or the Britax Frontier 85. This one won out for the cost and value for the money.

THE PROS:
Shipping was quick through Wal-mart. This car seat is sturdy and made of quality materials. My son spilled a smoothie all over it a week after I received it and I was able to wash the cushions and have them look brand new. Also, this car seat has adequate cushion but is not too bulky for my car. I have a 4-door Acura Sedan and can fit this car seat and my Graco Snugrider in the rear seat and still have some room left over for a 3rd child to sit.

CONS:
The downsides to this car seat all deal with ease of use. First, I hate that I can't easily remove this and transfer it from car to car. I didn't have this problem with my rear facing Graco Snugrider. But in order for this to fit snugly and securely in your car, it needs to be anchored at the base and the top with hooks and they're not easy to hook in tightly. My husband always have to do it and once it's in there, it's a pain to take out and transfer to another car. Second, the cushions are a pain to put back on once removed. I took them off to clean them in my first week of owning this, but putting them back on took every bit of 30 minutes. There were so many hooks and layers. Finally, this thing is pretty heavy. This also limits me ever wanting to switch it to another car. I'm not sure of the exact weight, but I'm currently 8 weeks pregnant and I work out and just lifting this thing to put it into my car took a bit of breath out of me.Great product at a great price, but...
We struggled and searched a lot to find a seat that would accomade a kid in the 98% for height. He is 2 and wears 5 T clothes. This child seat fits great and he can sleep on long trips. The safety 1st seat similar to this does not let you sleep...Great seat for a tall kid
This really is a great car seat. It is a little bulky, but since when do car seats only take up a small amount of room? My son is 2 and half and it looks like it will be his seat for years. I only have 1 real complaint. My son gets car sick all the time, and this seat has SO MANY sections and pieces that taking it apart to clean it and wash it can be a real chore. Putting it back together is even worse. If you have this problem keep the manual handy, you WILL need it. It is worth it though. This is a great seat for years to come, and my son loves to put his stuff in the cup holder.Great Seat
Okay so I must say I LOVE this carseat!! After going through 2 other booster/car seats I must say this one is a hit. My #1 reason is safety and after doing tons of research I settled on this one. I reall like the fact that my son can stay in this seat until 65 pounds with a harness.#2 price #3 This was one of the reasons why the other 2 got sent back as well as safety reasons but I HATE to see my son's head flopping side to side. We travel a lot to our hometown in San Antonio and its about a 1 1/2 so comfort is a big thing for me. He looks very comfortable in it and we get no complains from him. I have a 2007 Nissan Armada and this seat sits well in it as well as a 2009 Chevrolet Malibu.

Now the only down fall to this seat is the mesh material. I have this exact material in my Armada and I really dislike it. Every drop of anything becomes a stain and there is no wiping it away. You have to wash the entire seat otherwise you will see the water markings from trying to remove the stain. Also taking it apart to wash it is a bit of a pain and lots of loops and pulling etc. I am washing it now and not looking forward to putting it back together :(

All in all this really is one of the best out there for a 5 point harness and would buy it again.Great seat but material could be better!!
This is a superb carseat BUT it may not be appropriate (as in not comfortable) for some. I can only attest to our use (2 yr olds) and the only minor gripe is that it sits rather upright so it's difficult for the kids to comfortably fall asleep without their head falling forward. Other than that (or if your kids don't sleep in the car) it is fantastic in every aspect: installation, ease of use, ease of maintenance etcSuperb but with caveats
This seat is great! I bought it for my 1 year old for use in my car. It is really heavy so it wouldn't be so great if I had to switch it out of my car everyday.Heavy Duty
This seat is a great way to extend the amount of time you can keep your child in a 5 pt harness. It was super easy to put together out of the box. It was easy to put in the car. It is heavy but I don't plan to travel with it or move it around a lot. If you need to do that another seat might be better. The backrest is adjustable to make sure you get the right fit. I'm glad we bought it. I feel safe with my daughter riding in it.Extend Safety of 5 pt harness
This was the second Graco Nautilus I have purchased from Walmart. I've found them to consistently have the best price. My only complaint, which I read in another review, is that at some point over the 2 years between my purchases, Graco replaced a nice big, easy to use buckle lock, with a much smaller, less user friendly one. This may seem like a nit pick, but when you use it multiple times a day, it can be annoying and make a difference. The rest of the seat is excellent, so I don't consider it make or break. I would recommend this seat to anyone, but do wish Graco hadn't tried to save a few bucks and had left that component alone.Very Good Seat
had it for only a few weeks. looks good, strong and works well for my toddler.great for the price since it can also be converted to a booster seat. i have looked for a car seat for a long time and found this one that had great reviews. its a fabulous car seat and am glad i bought it. also love the look, color and feel.great for the price
I really like this car set. It is very sturdy and cushiony for those naps for the little one on car rides. I like the fact that is will be so versatile throughout the growth of my child. I really like the cup holder because it fits her sippy cups and she puts all of her little toys in their as well. My husband said that it took awhile to set it up and sometimes I have a hard time unlatching the bottom harness but my husband doesn't have that problem so I might just be weak.Sturdy Car seat
I bought this based on the reviews and the price and I am happy with this purchase. We have two Evenflo Triumphs, which I do like better than this car seat but I was looking for something to last a bit longer and one that wasn't as wide, and this fits the bill. I also like the cup holder and storage. The car seat is heavy but that is not an issue for something that stays in the car. I don't think it as comfortable as the Evenflo car seats, but our kids fight to sit in this one so I don't think they mind too much! I would recommend this product!Great all in one carseat
graco nautilus matrix is all you can ask for in a child seat once your kid grows out of an infant car seat. this is a heavy seat which tells me it's durable and totally solid. it was very easy to set up even though others have said it was difficult. it fits both my old civic and a late model wagon. the only downside is it doesn't recline as much as i hoped, but i suppose too much reclining is not safe anyway. price is reasonable and well worth it. i would recommend this product. i've had it now for several weeks and my son loves it since the first day riding in it.solid product
One of the better products in the market. The only reason I'm not providing a 5 star rating is because the front straps and the one near the crotch seem really tight and short. I've extended them to the max limit and it ain't enough. Nothing wrong with the product. I guess my kid is just a little too tall for this one. When i told my kid, I'm returning it, he threw a fit coz he liked it. I just need to get one that doesn't have the buckles in the middle and near the crotch. Preferably a Graco :)My 6 yr old loves it but straps are small
We have only had this carseat a short time, and in that time have been very happy with it. My daughter likes the cupholder and I like that it's going to 'grow' with her as we are able to change it into a booster etc, and that it's safe.Graco 3-in-1 Nautilus
This car seat seems perfect. We had to give my son's other seat to his 16 month old sister so instead of buying him another seat then a booster seat later we bought this one (which is both). It feels durable and safe and my son loves to ride in it. It's very easy to put together and to install if you have the clips in your car. Also love the cup holder!Great car seat
We purchased 2 of these seats for our 3 year old son who had outgrown his toddler seat. The car seat was easy to install and my son thinks it's very comfortable. I love that this seat can be used with the 5 point harness longer than most seats and the booster is good up to 100 lbs. This should be the last seat we ever need.Happy with purchase
I have a 35lbs 2 year old, and he fits great in this seat. I have to agree on the crotch strap part, wish there was another setting for when he gets bigger. Wouldn't recommend this seat for changing from car to car because its heavy. For the price this is a great seat! Sturdy, comfortable, and my son loves it, and can sleep comfortably in it. Wish that it could be used with the latch system longer, but it can only be used until the child is 45lbs. Would recommend.great value
I saw this online and new I had to try it. I have been trying to decide whether to place my 4 year old in a booster and move my almost one year old into the marathon...... I just didn't feel safe putting my 38lb 4 yr old in a booster with a seat belt. I tried the graco booster seat... it now sits in the garage. Although I also didn't like the idea of spending another $300 on a britax marathon.
Long story short. I really like this seat. My 4 year old is extremely comfortable in this. When she falls asleep her head does not bob forward like in the graco booster seat. I think even when I switch to use it as a belt position booster instead of the harness it will be way more comfortable than the regular booster.
As for my 11 month old. She also fits great in this seat. I have used it once for her just to try it out. I do wish this seat had the option of being rear facing though. All the info I have read says to keep your infant rear facing now as long as possible. I will keep her rear facing in her marathon or Graci safeseat until she hits the max height and weight, and then will switch to the graco.
Now to compare the the Britax Marathon. The Marathon has much nicer fabric as well as choices of colors. The straps on the Marathon are a little wider and sturdier, but the graco straps are nicer for littler necks.
As far as installing both seats are very easy with the locking clips. Britax has a better latch and release method with the push of a button, but after several uses of the Graco style I have learned how to use them easier. Both styles of clips are super secure and hold the car seat tightly.
To wrap this up. This would be the perfect car seat for the price if:
#1 it could be used rear facing
#2 it had better quality fabric
#3 it had more fabric choices
Thanks Graco for keeping our babies safe longer!! Graco afterall was the first to come out with the larger weight capacity infant seats!!! Everyone please remember that your baby has to be a year old to turn them forward facing.Almost the perfect seat!
I liked this seat over all of the other high back boosters, because it seemed so much more solid and I really like the 3-in-1 so I can use the harness now (my daughter is 3, 33 lbs) and then later switch to a booster without the harness. Good cup holders, nice size, seemingly comfortable.Nice solid seat for years
We thought this would be like the ones we bought two years ago for our twins. We love them. The biggest thing is that the harness is different where the bottom secures together. The old model had an indentation that made it easy to unlock the belts. The one on this seat is flat and it is difficult to snap. The seat also doesn't feel like it is the same quality as the others. If I didn't have the others to compare to though I would probably love it.A few things missing
This is a great car seat! It is very secure and safe. I wish the recline worked a little better, but since I love everything else about it, its easy to look past!
The price is awesome! I looked two other places for the same car seat it was almost 40$ more!
Great buy!I love it!
The seat was very easy to assemble. I did it myself in about 5 minutes, including strap adjustment. Even though we have only had it a few weeks my son seems to really like it.
The only thing I would change is the arm rests; they do not pivot up, making it harder to get my son in or for him to climb in on his own.
It may not fit in smaller cars. It is not supposed to hang over the front edge of the seat and it is very close in our Impala.Very Nice Seat
I bought this car seat for my 1 and a half year old daughter, not only is it super simple to put in, but my daughter LOVES it! It reclines enough for when your child falls asleep their head isnt bent over and un-comfortable. only thing that i wish was better, is that the crotch buckle is very stiff, has loosened up but is difficult to get in, when you first get it. it is very convenient and super affordable! would recommend it to all my friends with children!great car seat!
My friend purchased this seat for her husbands car, while she has a Britax for her car. When we visited, my daughter used the Graco seat the whole week and loved it. She was only 13 months and just outgrowing our backward facing Graco Snugride 35. I love that this is a 3-in-1 and should be the only seat that she needs from now on. The only reason that I did not give it 5 stars is because the buckle on the seat I purchased is VERY hard to click together. My seat takes some extra force to click/lock the buckle and I feel that I notice this more because I used my friend's seat which locked with ease. Since the buckle does function/lock properly, I did not return the carseat. We have now had the seat for two months and my daughter has loved facing forward and putting her sippy cup (Nuby with the straw) in and out of the cuphoder.Almost perfect
This care seat looks great and is huge for my tiny toddler. He loves sitting on it. Since it's just been a few days after purchase, I am yet to find out the pros and cons of this car seat. But Walmart price was the best price. I bought the combo seats product, which was additional savings!!Easy to install
I love this car seat, I have a Britax and was looking for a seat for a second vehicle. Good value, safety and great features.Great for Safety and Value
My only complaint about the car seat is the button is so small and the metal buckle is hard to get to. I wish is was a little more snug or had a rubber stopper. My two year old likes it and has no problems with long trips :)Looks and feels safe
My son is the typical car seat hater but if I give him a basket of little toys / cars he enjoys playing and then 'organizing' them in the cubbies on both sides of the car seat. He also enjoys having a place for his water bottle.
The only negative on this product is that the clip is a little tricky...we can't just snap it in on the first try. Not sure why. It always take 2 or 3 pushes into the slot before the clip clicks in. It would be great if there was another cup holder on the other armrest so I could place a little cup of crackers there too.The cubby holes keep my son entertained
It's what I needed .last seat I will have to buy.
I LOVE this seat very nice! The only complaint I have is about the harness straps they are difficult for me to figure out. Either they are to tight on him to where I can't get him buckled in or I loosen it just enough for them to snap in at the crotch and the sholder belts slip off, but I am still learning all this too, as this is our first child!!Very comfy for our little dude!!
We bought this for our granddaughter. She is 2 1/2 and really likes the cup holder and it seems to be comfy for her -- it also is easy for me to get her in and out of the seat. The only drawback for me is that I don't like that it is hard for me to get it in and out of my car since I don't use the car seat full time (I use the hooks, not the belt) -- probably would NOT be an issue if it stayed in my car all the time.Great car seat
Comfortable seat, spacious and nice. Too many pads I found unnecessary especially for older ages.Comfortable seat, spacious and nice. Too many pads
We are a little disappointed that the retainer clip (piece that goes across the chest) is easy for our son (who is almost 3) to open on his own. It is so easy that he is able to open and close it repeatedly. It's a little difficult for us to open it on the first try, but it seems he is able to get just the right leverage to open it with ease. This piece also seems to be a little bit flimsy, especially in comparison to the rest of the seat. We were also disappointed to learn that the cushion insert must be removed once the harness straps are threaded through any of the higher slots (other than the lowest slots). This piece adds attractive color & pattern to the seat, as well as additional cushion. Too bad it had to be removed so soon. Overall, our son loves his "big boy seat" and loves the compartments and cup holder. It is fairly simple to put together (with careful reading of the manual), and installs quite well. The headrest adjusts very easily, and the harness straps can be threaded for adjustment very easily (although at first it looks like it will be difficult). Also, this seat requires that the entire base fit on the vehicle seat for proper, safest installation.Great Product, overall
I love how easy it is to adjust, the head rest let's him sleep without falling over. I feel completely safe when taking my child in the car! Thanks Graco!best seat ive had!
My almost 3 yr old LOVES this seat. Comfortable and gives him space to stretch.Great carseat!
This is a good car seat. My daughter has two, one for each car and convinced me I should get it while Walmart had it on sale. Saved a bunch and my husband got to pick it up at the store after just a few minutes online.Grac car sat
Very easy to assemble and install.
My one complaint is that the crotch buckle (even on the furthest slot) is not deep enough for my 4 year old son. He is very short for his age, average weight, but he does have a hiney, so perhaps that affects his fit.Great seat; Easy Install
Even though this car seat is great, It is not for babies. In order to comply with federal safety standards, babies must be rear facing in their car seats. This car seat does not have rear facing capabilities. Therefore, I am returning it for a refund and/or purchase of one that has rear facing capabilities.Excellent choice for a toddler.
I ordered this as a second seat for my husband's car that we drive on the weekends. I wish I had it in mine! My son (18 months, 33" and 28lbs) is really comfy in it and loves to get in his "special seat". Before we installed it, he was using it in the living room to sit and watch Elmo! He and I both prefer it to the Britax Roundabout 50 I have in my other car. I think for the money, this is a better bet except for the fact it's a solely forward facing seat and I used the RA 50 rearfacing till my son was about 14 months. The only thing I don't really like are the pads that move around a bit sometimes when he gets into the seat. But that's not a big deal to me. Overall, a great seat. Hopefully I'll be just as pleased when it comes time to move him to a booster, but that's a long way away yet.great seat
Great seat which the child grows with. The only flaw I found with this product is that the two metal things that click to secure of the adjustable harness always fall to the sides and are difficult to find. I have average size hands and I'm having a hard time having to dig in there to find them, I can't imagine someone with big hands.Great! just as we expected.
This is a very nice car seat! The only comment I have is that it's too heavy.Nice!
We have two of these now. Both kids love them. Ages 1.5 and 3 years old. Super safe and grow with the child. Only downfall is it can be difficult for my wife to tighten the main strap some times. Wish they would upgrade it to be easier to pull.best carseat for the money
Quality, performance and value ecpectations all met.Met my requirements & expectations.
This product is a very good item for the price , it doesn't look or feel cheap . My one year old son loves it , he was smiling from ear to ear the first time he sat in it ! Thank you so much !!!!I was shocked
Our son loves the car seat with the holder etc... The only design feature I do not like is the fact I have to adjust the shoulder straps you have to take the car seat out and manually adjust and string them through the back of the seat etc...Very good but one minor design flaw.
I got this Graco Nautilus 3-in-1 shipped to my house in no time.The set up was moderate. I love the quality of the fabric and the sturdiness of the car seat. My 9-month old son loves it!! I love the fact that the seat grows with him, until he no longer needs a car seat. Seriously!! I have a peace of mind when my son is in this car seat. Great buy!!Great car seat at a great price!
I love this car seat. I feel that for the money, it's a great value considering it converts to the booster seat with the new 100 pound limit.

I love the buckels, fabric and cup holder. It's a bit heavy but feels very sturdy. It was very easy to put together. Only criticism is that it doesn't recline very much. Good head support for snoozing little ones.

Great purchase.Great Carseat
I really like the look and stability of this car seat.
Easy to put together, I like that my child will be able to use it for a long time.Graco Nautilus
Car seat was easy to install. We have had no problems except fot the buckle between the legs gets lost under the padding when not in use so I have to dig it out first before I can pu t my son in. For the price it was a good buy.Good buy for the price
The car seat seems to be very safe and comfortable for our 2 year old and he'll be able to use it for years to come because it converts to a booster.graco carseat
My son has told me several times that he loves his new seat. It looks very comfortable and there are little storage compartments in the arm rests (perfect for his Hot Wheels) and a drink holder. My only complaint is that even in the recline position the seat back looks very straight and occasionally his head will fall forward when he is sleeping.Great seat!
PROS: Easy to install. The size is great and i like that the headrest moves up and down. We love that the buckle has padding around it so no more pinched legs. Cup holder built in is great. Car seat is attractive.

CONS: Not really comfortable. The comfort pad only works with buckle on babies. It doesn't attach, so it folds in and we have to push it out of the way to get our 3 year old in. The recline is pretty pathetic. You can't really see a difference when you move it. When my son falls asleep his head falls forward. The arm rests fall out frequently...they don't really snap in, so when my son pushes on them they calapse.Easy to install!
This seat works well for my 2 yr old..Enough room and doesn't feel clustered...Great seat,
We bought this for our 4 year old son who is 41 pounds and we wanted to keep him in the harness for a while longer for his safety and our sanity(he would unbuckle his seat belt in the booster we use for about a week). I have a Camry and this seat is high on the sides so I have trouble getting him in and over the arms of the seat. I did not enjoy putting this seat together as it is heavy and cumbersome but once together it isn't too bad. The latches on the harness are tricky and they seem a little cheap in comparison to the Evenflo seat latches that we had previously for him. Not a horrible car seat but I am not as impressed as others have been with this seat.Not as Impressed
I did not set up this seat , but from discussion with person who did , it was an involved process and very weighty too . But the features were worth all the effort and provide safety & comfort for a lot of years to come . Weight makes it a nuisance to move from car to car and size also limits it to medium to large vehiclesNecessary baby STUFF
i bought this for 15months old baby.he s enjoying in this while travelling.helpful product
My son is more than 40 pounds and he is just 2 years old. We needed a car seat that fit his body size and weight and this one was perfect. Setup was easy and head rest is good while he is resting. Good price.For a heavy baby
This is a very affordable product compared to other car safety seats rated at 65# with the 5 point harness. Our 4 year old outgrew his 40# 5-point harness seat and we just weren't ready to go to the seat belt booster seats. Our only options were a Britax for $280 or this seat for $150. We are on a tight budget so this one works so much better for us. It was a breeze to assemble and seems very sturdy. My son loves the cubby holes and drink holder.Great Seat
We bought this for our son that just turned 5. I wanted a harness seat that he could still use. He was in a high back booster and I just did not feel secure at all. It moved around all the time and he got out whenever he felt the need. He has sensory processing disorder, something very similar to ADHD, and we cannot keep him buckled in a seat safely. Some parents have complained that the buckle is hard to release on this product. That has been ideal for us. I find it to be no problem at all and neither does my husband, but our very smart, "McGyver" type child is unable to get out on his own, so I love it!
My only complaint is I wish cup holders came on both sides, and I wish the belts were adjustable without being removed like other seats we have owned, but other than that, I have been VERY pleased with this product. I have also read where people say this is heavy, I do not find it at all heavier then any seat we have ever owned other than a booster without a back of course, but I don't prefer those by any means. I highly suggest this product, especially when it is on sale like we found it for $122 with 97 cent shipping. It arrived in one day!Great for Dangerous Older Kids
Very happy with the product. I am excited that it goes up to 65 lbs harnessed and 100 with belt. I have a tiny tot and so I think that she will be living in it forever. I have purchased other seats from Graco and have not been dissatisfied. I only wish that the nautilus would recline more. The recline is only slight. I just worry about when she falls asleep if her head will fall. Her other seat (in my van) has more of a recline. But this one is in my husbands Xterra and fits nice.Looks great
I am pleased with the value of the seat. It has easy set up and install. Seems to be comfortable. Only problem is the two buckle latches are stubborn at releasing which can annoy my 13 month old son at times. Why did they make that part so cheaply? An easy thing Graco could do to make a perfect product.Good Value
My 13 months old is loving this carseat so far. She fits perfectly in it. I was just a little worried she would grow out of it quickly, but my husband said it's better snug like that and when she grows bigger, we can just take out the padding. The harness closes, opens and adjusts very easily.A nice compact carseat
Good seat, seems well made and my son likes it. We are using it for a 4 year old so we can keep him in a 5-pt harness until he is 65lbs. I also like that it will become his backless booster when he is ready. If this product had been out 3 years ago, I would have bought it instead of the Britax Roundabout because my son could have used it from 1 year and beyond.Nice seat
This is a great carseat overall especially since it is convertible for 3 uses! There are a couple of things I would change on it though. It doesn't really recline very far (hardly notice a difference at all between reclined and upright position) and the seat belt latch in the bottom of the carseat should extend out further - there are 2 options for this but even the furthest one doesn't come out very far from the back of the seat. Although you are supposed to be able to use the harness up to 65 lbs, I can't see how practically this could work with the limitation of the bottom seatbelt latch. My son is 15 months and already using the furthest position for the bottom seatbelt latch and he is only 22 lbs. The cupholder is great as well as the side cubbies for stashing toys and stuff. Overall, I still really like the carseat.

Buying from Walmart was great. We paid only $0.97 for shipping and the carseat arrived in a matter of a few days!Overall a good carseat
I did lots research on this seat before I bought it. And in the end I am not disappointed. It looks nice, installs easy, fits in my Jetta. My son loves the cupholder and the compartment on the sides. I love the cupholder too- easy access to drinks (others cupholders are too low for practical use in my opinion). I havent been in any accidents with it so I cant speak on that, but overall I like it.I like it
We bought this as our extra car seat for my husbands car. It was easy to out together and install. Our almost 4 year old is comfortable in the 5 point harness still. We choose it because it's so flexible and can also be used with our almost 2 year old son!Great!
This a very sturdy, well-built car seat. My only "complaint", if you will, is that it is pretty narrow. Our son is actually rather tall and thin for his age (2.5yo, 38", 32lbs), but with any type of outerwear on, it's somewhat difficult to get him out of the seat. He doesn't seem to have any complaint over being so snug (when I say "snug", I'm referring to the width of the seat cushion, as well as the head rest "wings" that angle out near the top of the car seat), so if he's okay, I'm okay!

All in all, I'm very confident of this seat's ability to protect our son, which is by far the most important thing!Good product, but rather snug
I love this car seat, I love the fact that it has a higher weight limit with the 5-point harness, it seemed really sturdy, well-built, and versatile. Unfortunately I couldn't get it buckled sufficiently tight in my '02 Explorer. It moved side-to-side no matter what I did. It also didn't fit my 3.5 year old son well -- he's 37 pounds and it was hard to get the buckle around his kind of chubby legs. I loved it but ultimately returned it, unfortunately.Mixed review
I have 3 year old twin boys. I bought 2 of these when the outgrew their convertible (forward or backward) carseats. In our state the law is that you have to have a harness up to 4 years and 40 lbs, and a booster up to 8 and 80 lbs (or 54 inches and 80 lbs). So, I really wanted something that would grow with them until they don't need a carseat/booster anymore. This has met those needs for us. Our last carseats were graco also, so I trust the brand and they are about the same as far as installation and adjusting goes. So, I appreciate that. The cup holders on the side are nice, but the one on the passanger side of my car hits my door. I think that's just the make of my car, but it could be a problem for others too. Otherwise, we really love them, and I highly recomend them, or graco in general.Really like these.
Had to say wow when I pulled this car seat out. Looked at many car seats for my daughter. Love the fact she is in a five point harness till she is 65lbs. It feels and looks like a very durable seat. She is very comfortable in the seat.Beefy CarSeat
I always purchase carseats that have been tested by a popular consumer products testing website and magazine. This was a top rated seat in safety and much cheaper than the competition. I have the pricier Britax seat in my car and this seat is for the grandparents car. Seems just as comfortable as the britax and the fabric is nice. My 3 year old loves the cup holder and "toy compartment" on the side of the seat.Great Value and Top Rated
I love this seat and my son seems very comfortable in it. So comfortable that he falls asleep easily in the car. My only complaint is that sometimes, his head will fall forward while sleeping because the seat does not recline as much as it should. Other than that, we love it.Great value for the money
We are happy with the seat. It is big so the bulkiness makes it a little hard to install in car but other that that we are very satisfied.BIG BOY SEAT
I LOVED this carseat for the one week that I actually kept it. I like the built in cup holder, the cushions, how low it is so it's not hard to get my child into it. What I don't like is the head rest. Naps are soooo important to me and I want my child to sleep comfortably even if it's in the car. At first look, I thought this seat would offer comfortability because of the cushiony headrest but there is so much cushion that his head falls over and forward. I don't like that at all. Not worth paying all this money if his neck is going to hurt.

If that's not an issue for you, go for it. I love everything else about it.Awesome but head falls over
I would have bought this seat along time ago if I would have known how much more comfortable my daughter would be. It is also very sturdy. It is expensive, but I would buy it again instead of the other more "value" seats which I have 3 of. My daughter has not complained once in this seat of being uncomfortable and that is worth ALOT!More costly, but worth it.
We purchased this car seat after purchasing the Maxi Cosi Priori. We used the Priori for about 5 months until the cold weather hit and we could no longer fit our 18 month old w/ a non-puffy winter jacket (and she is on the small side at 23 lbs). The straps were too short and the company was not helpful in providing longer straps. They told us to take her jacket off--HAHA ya right! Bought this seat knowing it'll last us longer than 5 months as it's rated thru 10 yrs of age. So far so good, the straps are plenty long enough and it appears to be comfy. The only drawback so far is that our old car seat had a recline on the fly option in case your child falls asleep. This one is pretty upright and does not recline, so there's a lot of head bobbing during sleepy rides. All in all this is a great purchase for the money if you are looking for a well-rounded long time use car seat.good car seat
The carseat is great. I love everything about it except that it doesnt recline very far back. It's also very heavy but other than that its awesome!A very good product
We purchased this car seat for my daughter almost a year ago and so far the only complaint that we have about it is that the material that the the seat is made of needs to be more durable. The fabric used in the seat area is of poor quality. Within 6 months, this area began to snag and pill. If Graco would improve this major feature, then perhaps this would definitely be THE last car seat you will ever need to purchase.OK for now...But still needs to be improved
I was excited to find a car seat that had a harness up to 65 lbs. It all sounded great and I researched a lot of car seats before I chose this one. It was pretty easy to set up and fit great into my Ford Windstar. Some things I didn't like were the cup holder is set so far forward that my 22 month old can't reach it. I also thought that the padding was a little thin and worry about the comfort of it on long trips. The storage in the armrests is fabulous and it feels very sturdy. The arms keep popping off with just a small amount of pressure, though. This is VERY annoying and I tried to pop them back in more securely, but they just keep coming off. I think that I am going to return this seat and go with the Evenflo Triumph. It doesn't have as many features, but hopefully, things won't be coming off! Great concept, just needs a little tweaking.Not what I expected
I bought this seat this month as an extra for grandpa's car. It's a good seat, no problems with that at all, but I am a bit disappointed that the manufacture date was 6/2008.Good seat, but older than expected.
I had bought at the store but returned it again as found bought online alot cheaper..strange but it works for me. Its pretty heavy to carry for me but i like it much as you could recline it more made my baby sit more relax rather than put it straight.
Only the adjuster for recliner is right on the sitting place, might not comfortable totally for the baby.worth of money!
My three-year-old grew too large for his old five-point-harness in his old seat but was not old enough for a booster yet. This car seat is the best of both worlds! The five point harness restraint goes up to 65 pounds! Then the seat easily converts to a high back seat belt booster seat, then to a bottom only booster seat. You can't beat the three-in-one option for the price. The cup holder totally rocks! None of this cup coming out when you turn the corner. It is nice and deep. The chair is very comfortable - my three year old loves it! The only slight draw back is that the seat is heavy. But it is also very durable.Excellent Car Seat
Meet our expectations. No problemsVery nice so far
I bought this seat for my very tall 2 1/2 year old because I didn't want to have to purchase another back-up car seat for at least 3 more years. (We use a Marathon in our primary vehicle.) With this seat, my child will be able to stay in a 5-point harness longer than any of the other boosters I looked at (except for the Regent). And, with the options for belt-positioning booster and seat booster, it will last longer than most of the other comparably-priced car seats I considered.

The seat has a pad at the buckle to protect against leg skin getting stuck in the buckle (a plus during the summer).

My child preferred the Eddie Bauer belt-positioning booster and the Regent when we "tried on" seats at the store. The EB and Regent seats were wider and deeper than the Nautilus. But, my child seems comfortable enough in the Nautilus seat. The cup holders don't hold Gerber toddler cups -- but they do hold narrower toddler cups. My child likes the cup holders -- they are easier for him to reach than in the EB seat.

The seat was very difficult to install my my 2003 Camry. (I must admit that I installed it in the dark when it was about 15 degrees outside, so my patience was short.) I ended up using the seat belt rather than the LATCH. The instructions tell me that I will have to use LATCH when my child reaches 45 pounds.

The bonus of buying online was that, at $125, it was $50 less expensive than at Target and other stores.

Overall, I think this is a good value. It's certainly not the seat that we would use in our main vehicle, but it is a good price for a seat that I hope we will be able to use for a few years.Good car seat for second vehicle.
This three in one is awesome and I feel so good knowing my child will be safe in the event of an accident.Awesome
I have a 2 and 1/2 year old that is 40 lbs and 39"! When she was born I invested in the Alpha Omega Elite! I absolutely Loved that carseat and still do, but my daughter is too big for it. The Nautilus is great. It fits her well, and it seems that this one WILL actually last her through age 8! It is very easy to set up and to change straps. It doesn't say to, but I did remove the pad to wash it and it was very easy to put back on!
My only negative comment is very minor; you can't change which side the cup holder is on and I like to have my daughter sit on the passenger side, which puts the cup holder closest to the door and it gets in the way of putting her in the seat a little. Other than that, The seat is great! Great value! We love it!Just what I needed...
Have owned this for just 2 weeks now. It was easy enough to get ready to put into the car and installing it using the seatbelt and the anchor in the back was a breeze. The only reason I didn't give it a 5* rating is that the harness is difficult to snap in. After placing the baby in the seat and getting the harness over his arms it takes considerable effort to make the buckle *click* into place. Even during removal it is moderately difficult to release the harness.Like it so far, except for the buckle snaps
This carseat is wonderful and it will last as my daughter grows, so we don't have to keep buying different sizes as soon as she reaches a milestone.Great carseat!
This is an overall great carseat. I'm super happy with it, and the versatility to continue using it as my child gets older. I'm not a fan of the 1 drink holder thoughGreat product
We bought this seat to put in my husband's car for limited use but may be switching it to my car. I like the way the seat fits my son and that the headrest part can grow with him as he is tall for his age (5). We found that this seat had different prices at various Wal-Mart locations but the cheapest was online.We like this seat
We got this seat because we needed a car seat for traveling by plane. We already have one of those $300 seats and it was just too bulky and heavy to travel with, not to mention it is too wide for airplane seats(a few people didn't learn that until the same seat didn't fit!!). It wasn't heavy our cumbersome at all. I still used the 5 point harness but secured the seat with the lap belt (the only thing on a plane!) and my daughter didn't seem to mind a bit. With only one hook it makes for very easy LATCH installation. It is also very easy to install in a car without these as well. We are almost ready to use this with just the seat belt and are confident it will do its job. It also has a cup holder (which my daughter loves) and little cubby compartments on the inside she likes to hide things (like her uneaten lunch!). I'm sure you will enjoy this seat as much as we do!!!Excellent 2nd seat
I chose this car seat because, hopefully, it will be the last one I ever have to buy. It converts all the way up to 100 lbs. I have a smaller car and I was worried that this would be to bulky; but it fits just fine. I feel you get a more secure install using the LATCH system if your car has it, rather than with just the standard seat belt. I have a very petite, 20 lb. 15 month old and I was a little worried that the car seat was to big for her, but she fits in it well and is very secure in the harness. She has a problem trying to reach her cup from the drink holder only because she is smaller, but other than that, so far so good. Very happy with the product.Excellent Car Seat
I was so excited to find a five point harness car seat that went up to 65 lbs. that was priced at $150. and not the ones I had found for between $240-$300. (You know the brand) We have been using this for over a month now and overall, I am happy with this car seat so far. I hate that the decals you see that say the weight limits etc. are permanent to the car seat. I would have liked to have known that before ordering. The fabric is okay. It's not very soft and a little scratchy. Happy with the purchase and might order another one for my five year old also.A Great Find for the price!
We have two of these seats, one for our 22 month old and another for our almost four year old.

Pros -
becomes booster seat, will not need to buy other carseats
cupholder is fantastic
toy storage in side of seats, kids love
younger child can crawl up into seat (unlike our Britax)

Cons-
not an easy seat to latch/unlatch often - if you leave it in one car, this is not an issue
does not have velcro holds for straps (britax does) so straps may twistgreat seat
Like all the other reviews, I wanted a higher weight limit for the harness, and this was the best value for the money. The only thing I REALLY wish were different is the armrests. I would gladly sacrifice the storage cubicles for armrests that move up and down so I don't have to lift the kids over them.good seat
Love that it has the 5 point harness to 65lbs! Doubt that my little guy will tolerate it that long though;)Nautilus
I love this seat. I had no problem putting it together and I had to move the crotch strap out one and it was very easy. The straps adjust great and very easy to do with him in or out of the seat. I bought this as I didnt want to purchase another car seat for my son. I have a 5 year old daughter who I have purchased 3 seats for and this time I was smart about it. The only complaint that I have is that it does not recline as far as my daughters did but that is a very minor issue. I highly recommend this seat!Great seat!!!
Great car seat. My daughter looks comfortable and seems to really enjoy riding in it. This is her first forward facing car seat and it still reclines a bit so she is not straight up as aposed to some of the others we have seen. Oh and the cup holder is great, easy for her little arms to reach and put her cup or snacks in.Better than expected
I purchased this seat for my 2 yr old son after we had to get rid of the old one. One of the main reasons I purchased the seat was that it has the capacity for 5 point to 60 lbs and will continue to convert until he doesn't need a booster any more. I do not like it's 5 point closure. Also the shoulder straps seem a bit narrow and my son is not particularly broad shouldered.

However, my son is a big fan of his new seat's cup holder and molded plastic pockets. Although I got the seat on sale I do feel that it was slightly overpriced.Good but not quite what I expected.
The Graco Nautilus 3 in 1 Booster seat is a great purchase. It took a little more time to install, but safety first. The seat fit's well and the instruction book is pretty thorough, the only down side so far is that the release button for the buckles is a little sticky and takes a lot more pressure then the old car seat to release the buckles.A great 5 point harness booster seat.
Little sophisticated...But overall seem to be good value for money. Cloth is little different. Buckle system is bit complicated as well.
I have used for less than 2 months, and for my 18 month old baby.overall good experience
Good value...I like that we can eventually use it as a backless booster. The harness can be used up to 65lbs! Easy to install. I like the slim profile. My daughter sleeps with ease in it...no slumping and seems to be quite comfortable. The only drawback would that I think the cup holder will get in the way when getting my daughter in and out as she gets bigger.Good value
Overall a good car seat. Not too pricey, heavy duty fabrics, cup holder, and easy to adjust.

One drawback is the center strap of the harnes is set a bit too close to the back of the seat making it snug in the crotch once the little on starts to grow.

The strap should be closer to the front of the chair for comfort.Overall a good car seat
It was very easy to assemble and put in car. I had to make myself belief that this is the "only" place to put car seat belt.. as that part is not so clear.

Overall seat looks good and comfortable. Since it is less than a week, we have not see anything obviously wrong so far.Overall good feel
Have been using this for my 38 lb. 2.5 year old son for about a month and a half and I really like it. Perhaps more importantly, my son also really likes his "race car seat!"!
Just a few minor issues...
The fabric is a little strange around the sides- the inside of the chair is exposed- and the fabric is just really loose.
I also wish that it would recline just one more notch so his head wouldn't hang over when he falls asleep.
Other than that, a 3 in one seat is awesome- I don't see any reason why this shouldn't be the final car seat we use for him until he is old/ big enough to go without the booster.
P.s. We have done 2 long car trips with it and my son seemed happy and comfy... and safe!Great Carseat
I've had this seat for about two weeks. My 3.5 (41")yrs old fits just great. My only complain is the fabric is kind of rough and it makes it feel cheap. I know this is a very secure seat but the fabric could be better quality or softer.Good Carseat
Great seat. I am sure it is extremely safe and look forward to using it for the next few years. I think the price point is much better than other stores, but the fabrics feel a bit cheaper than others as well.Good, but fabric lacks a bit
I've had this seat for a few months as a second carseat and also love the way it will grow with her but today I was so glad she was in this seat. We were on the way to the pediatrician when my daughter threw up. I was able in a parking lot to take off all the cloth surfaces including the straps to hold her in and go into a bathroom and rinse them out in a sink. I was able to get the carseat clean and not smelling like vomit for the ride home. After getting home I put all the cloth in the washing machine and they are good as new. I believe if she was in another seat I may have left it in the parking lot and bought a new one.Easy product to use
This was a good purchase. My toddler wanted to climb into it as soon as we got it out of the box.good
Its very nice car seat. However, I do find it difficult to tighten and loosen up the shoulder straps.graco 3n1 car seat
This car seat is very nice the only thing I wish it did better is recline a little more but otherwise it's nice comfortable and safe for my children to sit in thanks Graco.Graco nautilus 3 in 1 car seat
Ms.ATx78748This carseat was a Christmas gift from her great grandfather. The baby loves it and I love that fact it surpasses all the required safety features.This should be the last carseat purchased.Great Carseat
I wish someone had told me before that the baby cannot sleep properly in this seat as his head keep falling down. I wish someone could advise me on how to change this situation.4 out of 5
I was impressed with the car seat...especially since the amount I paid for it on Walmart.com was less than what it cost in the store.A good deal
it is a nice car seat and like that it goes up to 100lbs. The seat is difficult to lock just not very easy.nice seat
I've had the car seats for a little over a month. Aside from being really heavy, my kids seem to like it a lot with the cup holder for toys and additional side compartment and look fairly comfortable sitting in it. I agree with the previous review that the straps should be a little longer and it doesn't recline as much as I hoped, but other than that I like the product better than what I had previously.Overall, pretty good car seats
This carseat is easy to install and seems very secure and safe. Great color of material for spills from drinks and snacks. We have two of these installed in our Avalanche side by side and I was worried that they wouldn't fit because of other reviews, but they fit great! The cup holders don't get in the way. My only complaint is that the straps get twisted at the buckle and it's hard to twist it back. I would purchase these carseats again!! They are a great price especially when buying two for twins!!!! I love that we won't have to purchase another seat.Great for the price
I bought this car seat for my 2 year old son and I really like it. Its easy to install, easy to clean and has a lot of room for him to grow. The only downside is that when he sleeps, his head falls foward, but I think this will happen will all carseats that are more like booster seats. Another thing that I really liked about this item on wallmart is that this exactly carseat costs $179 on other places...big saving!Great product
This car seat looks really good. Little on the heavy side.. but how many times do you actually remove it once installed.
The mechanism of loosening belts is a little difficult..
But otherwise my 18 month old son loves it.. it is comfortable and safe!Good quality.. Sturdy nice looking car seat
I have a big 2.5 year old boy, so we needed a new seat but didn't want to have to upgrade again, ever. This is the best seat for the value since it goes up to 100 lbs and 65 lbs with five point harness. I did a lot of research and asked a lot of my parent-friends and this is the seat I chose. Walmart had the best price online at the time.
We like the seat so far. The clip on the harness was a little tricky at first. No complaints so far!Good seat
This is a good seat that will last a long time. The only drawback is that in the backseat of our truck, it doesn't recline much so my 2 year old son's head flops forward when she sleeps. He doesn't like that much. If you have a really young one you might get one that reclines more. It might work differently in a seat that isn't so straight up and down as ours.Good in the long run
This is our second Nautilus, and I love it as much as the first. It was very easy to fit to my child, easy to install, and is comfortable for my kids. The only things I don't like are that they changed the lower buckle mechanism (a little harder to click-in) and the mechanism to loosen the tethers (harder to loosen the belt when trying to uninstall seat). I prefer the mechanisms on our first Nautilus, bought 3 years ago, but overall still love the seat!Love this seat!
I had purchased two other booster seats for my 3 year old son and I disliked both of them. I previewed this one in the store and it looked great. I waited over 2 1/2 months for one to become in stock and it was definitely worth the wait. And my son loves the cup holder! I would recommend this product to anyone who is looking for a booster seat that offers a 5 point harness that truly fits a toddler!Great booster seat!
My son loves this carseat. I have been using it for about a week now and found nothing wrong with it. It has so many features and i dont have to worry about getting a booster seat in the future: I love that. I would suggest anyone to get this carseat, it seems comfy and when they fall asleep there is a lttle rest for them so they dont kink their little neck. Seting it up was a bit difficult but once i got it i was done.This is a good one
This booster seat was very easy to install and my 3 year old loves to sit in it. We bought it for our second car.Easy to use
This is one of the best car seats I have owned. My 27mo old son loves it. It is comfortable and easy to use. I also own a Britax marathon car seat (a lot more expensive than this one) and this one is way more comfortable than the Britax. I would buy this one over Britax anytime.Great seat
The seat itself is easy to use, and seems very safe. Doesn't appear to be a very comfortable ride for extended periods, but that is most likely just the nature of forward facing seats - no reclining to sleep. Overall, it's a good purchase and no complaints yet.Get's the job done...
After reading many reviews on many products of this type, we chose this one due to its universal needs. Easy install, easy removal, great product overall.Realiable, Easy to use
Wal-Mart beat every other store's price on this product hands down, and it shipped to us VERY quickly. My son loves this car seat, he says it's comfortable and he likes the cupholder.

Seems very well built, I feel very confident and safe putting my 4 year old in this seat.Great product, Wal-Mart had the BEST PRICE!
My only problem with this carseat is that we move it around from car to car alot and its a pretty heavy car seat so it gets kind of annoying lugging it around, so keep that in mind! But I love how it grows with him.Great with one exception
Pros: Sturdy, easy to install with LATCH, easily modified to grow with kids.

Cons: Holds kid very upright, making good road-trip sleeping a challenge.Great chair to grow with a toddler
Just bought these for my 3 year old twins.
They are very sturdy and have been an easy transition out of our Evenflo convertible car seats.
I like that they can use them until 100lbs. They also recline which makes them much more comfortable.Great car seat
Overall great product but heavy if moving from car to car. My 20 month old loves it. Easy to install.Great car seat
We love this seat almost as much as my 3 year old does. the ease of use is Great.Great Car seat
We bought this for our 2-year-old.
We had our local police department install it (a free service they provide). Seemed to install easily.
Very durable and has nice features.
Lap belts do not twist as in our previous toddler seat, which is a true benefit.
Daughter is very comfortable and likes the cup holder.
Would recommend.Great for Price
Works really well for my 2 1/2 year old. I feel very confident with him in it. Worth the extra money.Great carseat
We wanted something that our 3yr old would be comfortable in. We also wanted a seat that could be converted to a booster when he is big enough. Love the seat.Great Seat
Easy to install and a nice, comfortable seat. The only thing I do not care for is the round buckle since my almost 5 year old daughter cannot buckle it herself.Great car seat!
We like the seat and my son loves the cup holder. The only problem I have found is that bottom buckle seems to be too far back under his butt. We have it set on the last one and it still seems like it is too far back, but it still works good for us.Good Seat
After searching and searching for days, I finally decided to go with the Graco Nautilus 3-in-1 Multi-Use Car Seat, Bravo. I am glad I did. I like it and would recommend.Graco is one of the best
The installation was quite intuitive. However the bottom strap took quite an effort to remove from the original location to move it forward. The child looks comfortable in it, but when sleeping the head droops which looks quite uncomfortable to me. I wonder if the carseat had more recline it would help (there are some carseats that do have more recline than this one), but then I'm not sure if that would interfere with the safety of the carseat.Good quality at affordable price.
I own 2 Britex seats already and my oldest was outgrowing his. I still have my 45lb, 6 yr old in a 5 point harness. I was intending on getting the Britex Regent, but when this came out, I wanted to try it. Love it, great for the price. My son loves the cup holder and side pockets. The only issue I have is the side arm came unattached one time when I leaned on it. It has not happened with my son. Otherwise, this is a wonderful seat that makes it less expensive to keep your older child in a 5-point harness, which I feel is so much safer.Great seat, must have
We really like this seat, especially the cup holder and storage on the sides. Perfect spot for toy dinosaurs! Would have gotten five stars if Graco would steal Britax's ideas for securing the seat in the vehicle. Overall, very pleased.Very good seat
I purchased this car seat because it was time for my son to move up from an infant car seat. I wanted something that was properly priced and well made, something that he could grow up in. Another requirment was that it needed to be rather easy to transport from car to car, and be able to withstand airplane baggage check.

After much research, I found a small handfull of convertable car seats, online, that supplied all of my needs. Before making my final decision, I went to a store to have a once over in person. After seeing and touching the seats in the store, I found that I only cared for two of the seats thag were available, this one included.

Honestly, this seat is very well made, and I am totoally pleased with my decision. Although it is easy for me to transfer this seat from car to car, it also has a bit of weight to it so I know that a good brushing won't whisk my son away. The assembly is rather simple, and takes all of five minutes, no tools required. I do not anchor this seat down, but all of the gadgets are available if ever I feel the need to do so. It held up well against all battles with flight and baggage handlers, and I would deffinitely recommend this seat to everyone I know that has a little one getting ready to ride face forward.

I gave it 4/5 simply because 5 is pure Perfection.sturdy build, easy instalation
I bought this for my 9 month old who is very big for his age and outgrown his infant seat. After a lot of research and comparision shopping, this one has it all! It reclines to a comfortable position and my son doesnt have any trouble sleeping in it, the fabric is easy to clean, easy to install, not as bulky as a lot of others. Wal mart is definetely cheeper and my son loves this seat.all around great carseat
We have had two of these seats for about a month now for our twin 4.5 year old girls. My husband said since we had the seat belt tightener we used on the previous seats they were easy to install, but would have been harder without those.

The girls are smallish for their age, but they like them and enjoy doing most of the fastening in for themselves. We have a Corolla so were afraid to get the bigger boosters seats, but these leave them some legroom for them. We can see them fine in our mirror and they can see out well, and we haven't had any trouble with the cup holders popping off when they get in and out as some have reported.

All in all these have done as well as we hoped so far, and since we wanted them in harnesses as long as possible this was a great choice for us. Oh, and the harness length adjustment is really easy for us, and they seem really comfy in their seats. We have no complaints with them.Just what we expected
Gave it a first look because it was rated well on CR. A lot of people have complained that the crotch strap is to tight to the body. It is, but it wasn't a deal breaker for me. I had my 6 and 8 yr olds sit in the seat at the store and it didn't bother either of them. Also, it seemed to offer enough room for an older child's shoulders. Didn't think this would be an issue but when I had my older kids try out seats, it was. It was easy to install, and I like that it will last my son until he is out of car/booster seats combined.Did a lot of researching before I bought it
no issues. bigger than I thought but got two in the back of my Lexus RX350 with room in the middle for one thin person to sit. Installation was like any other car seat. no prob.good for the price
I am a dedicated Britax car seat user. When starting the search for combination seats, Britax was 3 times more expensive, with less options. I thought I would give this a try before spending more. Glad I did. I am very impressed with the ruggedness of the seat itself. The ease of assembly is amazing, it took approximately 5 minutes (after reviewing manual). I like the dark grey and black combination for the car seat cover itself. Even in 90 degree heat, it has stayed cool and hasn't gotten overly hot to touch.2nd choice, affordable choice
Looks smoller then we were expecting. It works good for now! I like that the harness goes up to 65 lb.It is a good one!
My grandson can now face forward and see everything going on. It is high enough for a 1 year old to see out the window. He fits well in the seat and enough safety features to make us feel safe with him in the vehicle. The only problem I have encountered was the buckle at the bottom, it appears to be set back to far. I probably need to adjust something else. It will convert all the way up to a booster and 100lbs. Like the recline feature and the adjustable headreast. I will not have to buy another car seat for him so it was worth the money.He loves to see everything now
This is a really nice car seat but, this not for a baby under 1 year of age. It is not rear facing, only front facing. I was disappointed that I could not be use this for my 4 month old grand-daughter. I am keeping it to use when she gets to the age appropriate.3 in 1 car seat
I own 4 of these carsats. I will never buy anything but Graco. All of the reviews state this is a very safe carseat! I 've researched at least 10. The only thing I dislike is the shortness of the center buckle. This seat is versitile. I will never have to buy another. I love that it has the harness, my daughter is 4 and I still keep her in the harness. She loves the seat.great carseat
I just unpacked the box to set up the car seat today and found that the material was sewn incorrectly near the top of the backrest so the velcro doesn't meet up to secure the padding. I called Graco and they are going to send me a replacement cover on Monday. Hopefully, the response will be as fast as they claim. I think the seat will be fine otherwise. It was easy to set up and adjust , but I haven't yet installed it in the car.Mostly good
I have only had the carseat installed for a couple of weeks, but so far I am very impressed with it. I have a Britax Decathlon in my car, but we bought the Graco Nautilus for my husband's truck after our son outgrew the cheaper Cosco version we had in his truck. I had searched and searched for a car seat that wasn't $200+, but still had the ability to hold my son in a 5 point harness well past the 40lb limit that most seats have. This seat will hold him in the 5 point harness until 65lbs and it seems very roomy for him (he's a big 2 yr old). I love the Britax in my car, but so far this Graco seems to be a very close second to it, and it is much less expensive. It also has a tether - like my Britax seat - which was important to me for safety. It was a good buy, and I feel better knowing my son is safe, and will stay that way for several years to come since it goes up to 65lbs.Great Product for the price!
The Graco car seat was exactly as described on the website. My husband had it put together in just a few minutes and my son loves it. I really feel as if I got my money's worth. The fabric is durable and easy to clean and I am very happy I purchased this product.I love it!
The seat was easy to put together - (at times it was easier to try and figure it out than using the instructions). It has a cup holder and a few "secret compartments" that my 3 year old enjoys. She states that the seat is very comfortable. We have a smaller vehicle - I can still fit 3 kids across the back seat. I tried a Britax (which is a great seat), but it took up too much room. The head area gives great support for sleepers as well. We are happy with the purchase!Great car seat for the money
midmarket priced, fits exceptionally well into my car, easier than my sons seat was, I really like the snap harness on this compared to other seats, it is easier to open and doesn't break my nails like the other seat does! Love it!Really like this carseat
I bought the Graco - Nautilus 3-in-1 for my husband's truck and we've had it about 3 weeks. It's been great so far, allowing plenty of room for the front passenger seat to recline, however, the carseat itself doesn't recline much. I have the Britax, which reclines a lot more. Already assembled in the box, the Nautalus has a cupholder (or bottleholder) and armrests, which are also really nice features. My son seems to be very comfortable in it. Overall a great buy for the money.Great for the money!
This car seat was very easy to install. My 3 year old is 40lbs and tall so needed a bigger seat. I feel like he has room to grow in this one. He loves the cup holder and secret compartments in the armrest. Overall I am very happy with this seat.Easy to install
Gave this as a gift for my grandson. Very happy with quality.Good car seat that "grows" with child
We've had this seat for two months and do really like it. It isn't quite as wide as the other carseat so there's more passenger room. My son loves the cupholder (which no longer falls off like the old seat) and esp. the little cubbies for his squishy spider. For some reason those compartments are a big hit!!! The seat seems to be a different fabric than Targets version which we looked at first... this is much better. The buckle is much more difficult to unlatch than the Eddie Bauer seat and the straps are harder to get into (angle of them I think). As others have said, the buckle seems to always get stuck underneath my son, but he is finally learning to pull it out himself or hold it while climbing in. The straps do conveniently go over the sides of the seat, so those don't hide behind him... no digging if I remember to pull them aside. Lastly, my son is about 42 inches and he is on the last hole for the straps so he'll never make it to 65 lbs for using the harness ... he's tall and thin. I'm still happy to have all the extra support around him when we use the regular shoulder strap instead of the harness. He loves his new seat and insisted that we put the other one in daddy's car since he doesn't ride in that vehicle as much. Overall, worth the money, just wish it had stated a height requirement for the 5-pt harness instead of weight limit.This is our last car seat purchase!
I, like most moms, started with the infant car seat, then moved to a toddler seat. What I didn't realize, is that my 2nd child would come along two years later and grow at double the average rate leaving me with two kids the same size at 3 and 5. Because of this she could no longer use the toddler seat that had been handed down from her older brother because she had grown to large for its 40lb forward facing maximum weight. This left me wondering if I would have to then buy two more seats for my youngest. When I found this car seat I realized that had i bought this immediately after my kids were out of their rear facing seats, that I would have spent a lot less. This can go all the way to 65 pds forward facing and still maintain the 5 point harness system which is so much safer then a car seat. Once they are tall enough, the back comes off and can convert to a booster which is a lot easier if your switching cars around. It has a cup holder which should be a must for any car seat and the head rest is adjustable which is great if your children are taller then average. I highly recommend this seat and you can't beat the price!Last carseat you'll have to buy
Nice 3-in-1 sear in the price offered. Seat is comfortable, cozy, and easy to setup. I kid loves it from first day. I highly recommend this car seat.Zaki's New Car Seat
I purchased 2 of the Graco Nautilus seats after my son outgrew his Roundabout and we purchased a second vehicle. It seemed to meet the requirements I had for a carseat. I wanted a five point harness that went to at least 65 lbs, as I feel that is a very important feature. I was impressed that it could also be used as a high back booster when he outgrows the harness. It seemed like it was very adjustable as well.
The seat requires some initial assembly before it can be installed in the vehicle. It is nothing major, but it did take a few minutes. I made sure to have my son sit in it while I still had it in the house so I could make all of the necessary adjustment right then. Unfortunately, the extra padding can only be used on the lowest harness setting, so my son does not benefit from that. I was a bit disappointed. I played with it a lot to get it adjusted just right. I was previously used to my Britax, so this took quite a bit more time to assemble/adjust before installing.
Once it was all ready for installation, it was a breeze. Installation is really the same as any other carseat (if you have Latch). No problems there.
I did encounter one problem installing it in our "new" car...it simply does not work. It is a 1998 and is not equipped with LATCH. Unfortunately, the way the seatbelt is located, there is no way to install it in that vehicle, so we just don't use that one with the kids.
My son seems to love it. We rarely travel more than 45 minutes at a time, so I am not sure how the comfort is long-distance, but for our small trips, he seems to like it quite well. He loves the "hiding spot" and the cupholder, although we try not to use cups in the car for safety reasons.
All in all, it is a good seat for the money. If it was priced the same as a Marathon, I would much prefer that, but for the price, you can't beat it.Good seat for the money
We bought this for our growing toddler..he was in the Cosco Alpha Omega Elite seat but seemed to be outgrowing the 5 point harness. I love that this seat is rated to use the harness until 65 lbs. I will buy this seat again when my daughter is out of her infant car seat in a few months.Great Seat!
We like the car seat very much, only change I would make is to allow the car seat to recline just a little bit more. Our daughter sits very upright in it, and her head fall forward when she falls to sleep because the seat doesn't recline much.Graco Nautilus 3 in 1 Multi-Use Car Seat
My son is very big for his age he is only 2, but is 38 inches tall and 38 lbs...his old carseat the harness only went to 40 lbs after weeks of consideration i finally decided to buy this carseat...and out of all the carseats i have had this is the best one!! he was also very excited about the seat. Its big enough for him and when he goes to sleep his head doesnt slump over, since it reclines. The week i put the seat in a friend of mine came over with her 3 yr old daughter and noticed the seat and asked did i like it? and i told her it was great and she agreed because she had purchased the same seat unknowing to me , we both felt the seat was perfect! I recommend this product to any and everyone with a toddler!!!Awesometacity
The seat is really good considering the bulkiness. I got this to use between two cars, and it is working pretty well. My 18 month enjoys the chair also. I will probably buy another one just so I don't have to go between two cars, but for the price it is a winner!Good seat
I actually bought two of these seats for my mother and my in-laws because I wanted a seat that would meet all my possible needs. I love the high weight limits for harness straps, etc. They will not need another car seat because this seat will last until my daughter is 100lbs.
This seat is just as good as Britax for half the price. I bought mine on walmart.com because it was much cheaper than the price in the store..fyi.Certified CPS tech loves this seat!
The ONLY down side is depending on the vehicle your in, the reclining feature doesn't work that well. I do like the seat though. It seems my son's head is not very stable or elevated correctly when he sleeps.Pretty good car seat
After spending several months looking for a car seat to replace our infant seat I decided on this one. It cost $130 less than the high-end comparable seats and while I didn't get to try it before I purchased it, it met my graco expectations. It works like the infant seat but the weight limit is 100lbs, so I won't have to buy again. The only disappointment is the recline. If you install the seat so it doesn't move, recline doesn't work at all, and it's very minimal even if it DID work.Versatile Good Value
I love this car seat, & so does my son. He loves the cup holder & 2 compartments that he can store snacks & toys in.versitile car seat
My four year old really wanted to get out of his "baby seat" but I was not ready to lose the five point buckle on him. He is such a wiggle worm in the car. This seat with the cup holder and cubbies makes him feel like his older brother but also holds him in his seat until 65 lbs. After that he'll be able to use the seat as a booster. I also love the head support for the rare occasions he fallls asleep in the car. I would definetly purchase again!a nice safer option
i really like that you can strap your bigger child in this seat. goes up to 65 lbs and then as a booster at 100lbs. our son is only 3 years old, yet he is 55 lbs. so he needs to be strapped in securely. this seat is the one! he was very comfortable in it because he didn't complain and want to get out. love it for long trips. had to go to florida and that is why we bought this carseat! thank you for making one like this!wonderful for bigger boy!
This car seat is great except for the recline feature. It's pretty pathetic and my 11 month old daughter's head falls forward when she goes to sleep. We constantly have to make sure something is wedged between her head and the seat and that doesn't always work. So far I'm keeping the seat, but not happy with the recline feature at all.A little disappointed...
We had to get a new convertable car seat/booster for our 3 year old daughter when our 9 month old outgrew her snugride at 22 pounds. We baught this new seat and switched. My daughter loves this new seat, especially having her own cup holder. The only thing I didn't like is that there is an expiration date on the harness- Had never seen that before on the other car seats we have purchased (they actually do look more flimsy than the Britax ones). My suggestion to everyone, buy it online,since there was a $40- difference thanh bying it in-store.Love this seat
We haven't had the car seat for a long time so I can't really say about durability but our son loves the new seat. And it seems to be a great one.Great Product
my baby loves this seat, she sleep as soon as she gets in her carseat.The only thing I'll say the buckle is a hassle sometimes to unbuckle. But overall its great.very comfortable
The first thing I check is whether consumer reports recommends a seat. This one is recommended and tested well. Next, does it have features that I need - This seat fits the bill. My son just turned 4 and this seat should be the last one we have to buy. I LOVE that he can stay in a 5 point harness until 65 pounds. The seat is a little heavy but I don't know that I would want him in anything flimsy and we don't move the seat from my car often so that is not a big issue. It was very easy to set up and adjust for his size. The latch system is super easy to hook up in your car. The materials seem durable and I like the little cubbies in the arms. Sunglasses and small toys fit nicely. We have no issues getting him buckled up easily in this seat. In fact, this seat is more narrow than the last one and I was able to move him to the middle of the back seat again and there is room for 2 adults to sit on each side of the seat.Nice seat for the $
I bought 3 of the carseats and am very happy with them. I bought one for my car, my husband's car and my mom's car. They fit nicely into the seat of the van and the cars. It looks comfortable and my son likes the cup holder. The only negatives I have is that it was a bit of a pain to get put into the vehicles correctly and making adjustments is a little frustrating. Despite the initial ease of use issues, it is working well for me and my son.Graco Car Seat x 3
I have owned this product for almost a year. After hearing all the great reviews about it, I was excited to buy it for my son even before he turned 1. On his birthday we installed it in my husband's car (we needed a second seat...I own a Britax boulevard also). I absolutely love the look of this seat. Its sleek and looks so comfortable for my son. I like the harness and that its up to 65 lbs (just like the Britax) and it was a lot cheaper. My son generally does well with all the carseats we have (we own 4 different ones and he still uses them all). but the recline on this carseat doesn't really do much. My son is now 18mo and is better while sleeping. his head rests on the sides, but when he was a yr old his head would fall forward when sleeping. I still really like this carseat and know it will last us a very long time.great multi-use seat
I wanted to get a safe car seat for my 5 year old twins (40 lbs). I tried the ones where the seatbelt went across their body, but they could move all over and it made me nervous. After reading all of the great reviews on the nautilus, we purchased two of them, one gray and one pink. Assembly was so easy and i love the way their heads are protected, unlike their other car seats. They love having the little compartments for toys and sunglasses and the drink holder is so convenient. I love that they can sit in this seat with a 5 point harness until they are actually big enough to wear a seat belt. This was one of the only car seats where kids up to 65 lbs could use the 5 point harness. Love this seat, a great buy for the money and you can feel good knowing that your kids will be safe.Love this car seat.
I bought this to replace my daughter's Marathon which she is quickly growing out of. We tried a different harness/booster, but it was too much work taking it in and out of our cars (which we do often.) This one is much easier to install the first time and adjust to fit our daughter, and then take in and out. Only issue I have, which is same for some other seats, is that the harness straps and buckles always get caught underneath her. The Marathon had a velcro part that kept the straps to the side and the buckles from sliding all the way down to where she would sit on them. Other than that, we really like the seat and my daughter loves her new "race car seat".Easy to Install/ Straps & Buckles are difficult
I was worried about getting a new car seat for my son because he loved his infant seat so much that he would asleep instantly. But once this one came in, he loved it just as much and even better because he gets to feel like he's driving too. It's very comfortable and safe. We love itLove this car seat
The assembly and installation of this carseat was very easy. My 3yo can buckle and unbuckle herself in the harness, which is good for me, but maybe not if your kid does it at the wrong time. Best for cars with deeper seats as the seat is not allowed to hang over the front edge of the seat so I can't recline it at all and my daughters head falls forward when she sleeps. She says the seat if very comfortable though, it seems well padded (the shoulder area looks narrow but it is a lot of padding that compresses easily). I like the tall harness and 65lb weight capacity, and it looks like it will make a good booster so it really will be the last carseat I'll need to buy for her. Great option to keep kids harnessed til they're really ready for boosters, and way cheaper than Britax.Easy to use carseat
My two year old is 371/2 inches tall and weighs 41 lbs. The bottom latch needs to be longer any suggestions?needed product
This seat is everything I thought it would be..I purchased it for my quickly growing 3 year b/c I wasn't ready t put him in a booster but he was 48lbs..I love it but the crotch buckle is horriblw..it needs to be moved further out or have a feature where you can lock it into place..great seat overallOne minor flaw
I am happy with this product. Not too difficult to put together or put in car. The only thing that could be better is that the car seat is pretty heavy. The back has two steel rods running down it that I think account for most of the weight.Nice product
We got the 3 in 1 for our 16 month old son. I am really happy with this product, it is so easy to get him in and out of the car! The buckle can be little bit hard to undo sometimes, but other than that I love it!Really like it!
took forever for the car seat to show up from the time we ordered it on line to when it finally showed up at the store- almost 3 weeks. but worth the wait. now my son can grow with the car seat and i dont have to keep buting new car seats i would recommend it 2 anybody looking into car seats. veryy easy to set up could do that with 1 hand my son loves it its forward facing. now he can see where we're going instead of being a corington and only see where we've beenb.s 1st big boy car seat
I was looking for alternative to expensive Britax 5-pt harness. Already love Graco products, so this was great to find. Only complaint is that the arm rests keep falling off.Great Booster Seat
I needed a seat like this because my 23 month old boy is already 34lbs and his shoulders were above the highest marks on his other car seat. I needed something that still had a five point harness since he obviously isn't mature enough yet for just a booster with the shoulder strap. This will hopefully be his last car seat because of the way it can convert and grow with him. I also like how easy it is to reach back and unbuckle him so that he can get himself out of the seat.Good for big toddlers
I bought this carseat because I was having problems with my son throwing a fit when putting him in his seat. Now he gets in on his own. This carseat sits upright more than our other carseat-Graco My Ride 65. It had good safety ratings and sits in the car great. I will buy another for our other car.Great carseat for the price!
Overall I am pretty happy with this product. I have only used it in the toddler 5 pt harness mode. My son loves the pockets and cup holder (Yeah! A cup holder he can reach!) My only complaint is the bottom buckle. My son likes to get in his carseat o his own--and every time he gets in he ends up getting the buckle beneath him--which makes it harder for me to get it out from under him and buckle him in. We had the Graco Comfortsport which he also crawled into before this one, and I did not have this problem with the buckle getting underneath him. I think the location of the buckle and the length of it is a little different than the Comfortsport which is causing this problem. This is minor though--overall I am VERY happy. Definitely worth the money!Good for me
These sets are really sturdy, I bought these for my 3 and 2 year olds as an upgrade from the cheap cosco seats.

They definitely fit snuggier and I feel at ease knowing my babies are safe!No complaints so far
This is a great car seat- especially with the ability to use it as our toddler grows. My only complaint is that there is only one side that you can tighten when using the clips. Our Britax seat had the ability to be tightened on both sides and I found it to appear more "snug" when it sits in our van seat. We do plan to buy a second Graco Nautilus in the near future for our other car. It's a very solid and safe seat for the price- my son especially loves the cup holder!Great seat for the price
We've had this car seat now for about 7 months, in both a mini van and a car. We have been extremely happy with it. My daughter seems to be very comfortable. She likes the cup holder and how it makes her higher in the car so she can see out better. I look forward to the converting feature on it, allowing us to use it much longer. I would highly recommend it.Works great for us
I have had this car seat for about a month now and I'd have to say it was worth every penny. My son enjoys sitting in his big boy car seat and loves facing forward. It even arrived earlier than estimated and was very easy to put together and install in my truck and car, and I'm only 5' 2" and 105lbs. Also the price cannot be matched. Thank you Walmart for making this car seat affordable!! I would have given this seat 5 stars and called it perfect if it would only recline a bit more, but can deal with this minor issue. Overall, very satisfied with my purchase.Great Car Seat!!!
This seat was recomended to me by my neighbor who has kids the same age as mine.
The seat is really nice and sturdy, I dont have to move the seat from car to car so I really liked how heavy it felt. I brought it home and my kids (3 and 1) were totally in love with it, I had to wait 2 days before I could install it because they kept using it as a TV chair to watch their movies. My son is 38in and only 26 lbs. I feel like this is a great seat for him because it has many different heights for straps and they are very easy to adjust. Also you can use the 5-point harness longer than any other I have found on the market. That was very important to me. The seat has a "recline" positioner but it really only reclines less than one inch so I wouldnt really call it a bonus feature. However we have taken a few trips with it and when he falls asleep his head no longer falls over. The seat is also deep enough that he cant kick the driver in the back even with the drivers seat moved back. I plan on buying one for my 1 yr old when she gains enough weight to face forward!
The only thing I found difficult was my car does not have the lower anchor system so I had to find a way to attach it to the metal frame work of the back seats, which took some time, but I was still able to attach the top tether system and use the standard shoulder seatbelt to secure it to my car. Once attached it is solid as a rock!!Great multi seat!!! two thumbs up!
While I love the GN, we own one for our 5yr old, I absolutely hate that walmart has placed the seat under convertible seats....THIS IS NOT A CONVERTIBLE SEAT IT DOES NOT REAR FACE....so many people including myself 4yrs ago, buy this seat thinking it will rearface because that is the definition of convertible. This seat only ffaces, and then becomes a high back booster and then a low back booster.
This seat is great for extended harnessing as it goes to 65lbs harnessed. Keep your children harnessed it is not safe to booster a 3-4-5yr old.THIS IS NOT A CONVERTIBLE SEAT
So far we are very happy with this carseat. My 35 lb 3 1/2 year old is much more comfortable in this seat than he was in his Britax which he was clearly outgrowing. His own cup holder is an added plus. Walmart.com had best price we found for this product, too.great carseat!
We have two kids and this is our fifth car seat.
I can easily say that it is the best of the five.
good materials, light but solid and easy to install.
we use it on a big SUV and a small city-car and it perfectly fits the two.
We can sit both the small one (16 months) and the big one (3.5 years). adjusting between the two takes seconds.
What we don't like:
- on other car sets the hooks to fix the seat are easier to handle (with a button to release it). This should have the same
- It is supposed to be a reclining seat but one can barely see the difference between the positionsVery good car seat
I bought 2 of these. The first was the Garnet model of the Nautilus. It had extra protection for the child's head for side impact. I did not know there were 2 models and I bought the Bravo for another grandchild. I like the Garnet better ( 5 star) but they are both great.Safe until baby is a grown cHild
this is all you need. you can adjust this so many diff ways and thru out the childs years. i love it. i bought one in 2008 for my one year old. now she is almost 5 and still has it. i bought another one for my new baby 1yr old. she was not crazy about it at first because it sits up soooo streight but after several rides she now sleeps in it. one down fall is it sits streight and the childs head falls when they are sleeping. it has a recliner beneath the seat but that doesnt make any difference.no other seats needed
I'd recommend this chair ,for any child.....I got this chair ,because I have a child with special needs, so he has to be secured properly. This was great for him. He can use the booster as well.great chair
I love that this seat will grow with my toddler & is very roomy. Only negative, is that it's tricky buckling the seatbelt!Luxury
I like the look and versatility of handling children from approximately 20 pounds on up. Unfortunately, I was hoping to have it rear facing as the recommendation is for children under 2 years old. Recommend it for children 2 years and older.Good for a front facing car seat
The seat is easy for my 4 year old to get in and out by himself. The crouch buckle is a little hard to unbuckle. Looks like a comfy seat. He seems to like it a lot. The built in cup holder and storage compartments are an added bonus! Would definitely recommend for anyone who is looking for a safe seat for a decent price.Love this seat!
I think this is a very confortable and sturdy seat. I look forward to watching my little one grow into it.Great seat!
I would recommend this to my friends. The size is smaller than others so it fits nicely in our back seat. It was easy to put together and install. If I had to find a negative, it's that the clasps/buckles slide down and you have to kind of fish them out of the side of the chair, but that is so minor.Great purchase
It is very comfortable and easy to install. The only problem is the recline is barely enough to tell. Other than that this is a great product.Very comfortable
I'm not sure the official terminology, but I don't like the placement / adjustability of the crotch strap that has the buckle that you snap the buckles in to. Even after significant efforts to 'adjust it' to the most forward location - I still feel like it's "under" my son / tight on him.I don't like the 'crotch strap' placement
Installing the seat went smooth. Even adjusting the belts and removing the pad overlay was pretty smooth (after a youtube video showing how to remove the crotch belt to relocate it to a different slot). My only complaint as of now, is that once you put your child in the seat, you have to dig and fish out the strap clips to insert them into the crotch belt. The little clips tend to fall all the way down the straps into the seat of the chair. It's frustrating as you have to do this every.single.time. Although the straps are secure, the release is easy, and all in all we are completely happy with the product (minus my complaint about the strap clips to put into the crotch belt...otherwise it would get 5 stars). The seat is sturdy and the cup holder is GREAT as it is BUILT INTO the seat, no one that can just fall off.Close to perfect
Our car was involved in a minor car accident so we had to replace our carseats and several people recommended this model. It was vastly cheaper at Walmart when compared to Babies R Us (even with trade in discount). It was out of stock locally so we ordered it online and I was pleased that it arrived almost a week sooner than the estimated delivery date provided.

Unlike many other carseats it requires some assembly and the instructions aren't very clear in some parts but I like the high quality construction and versatility. This is the last carseat that my 2 year old will ever need.High quality and good for long term use
No complaints. Nice carseatGood carseat
This seat received high ratings from consumer reports and others who have purchased it. We bought this for our 5 yr old daughter to have a big kid seat with a cup holder and less bulky seat. She loves it! The only thing is I agree with other reviews the buckle is stiff (even though it says it is new and improved) that is the reason I gave it 4 stars. Overall it serves its purpose and will hopefully be the last car seat our daughter will need=)Great big kid car seat
Good for priceIt's good
I bought this car seat after it was recommended by several of my mommy friends. I loved it so much I purchased another one for my husband's truck and I plan on purchasing a 3rd seat for my mom/baby sitter to use. The seat is very sturdy and my son loves to ride now. The only complaint is that the harness is difficult, at first, to undo.Awesome Car Seat
Sits vertical compared to my other graco which is reclined. Easy to set up, Easy to install. happy with my purchase.Good car seat
Was surprised to find the seat was over a year old, thus $25 rebate. Probably should have been more.

Checked for recall and supposedly the seat belt fastener had been corrected. Biggest problem was moving the crutch strap. Was difficult beyond words. After checking web and heard other owners woes with this and a day passed we finally got it moved. Was told just not to ask for it to moved ever again.Good value for over year old model
This is a great convertible car seat! Installs easily and securely. I love that it will last my daughter throughout her car seat/booster seat years. Only complaint is that the chest buckle is a little tight and difficult to unlatch.Works for us
easy to use, lighter and confortable for the baby.i also have one for my other baby girl
I brought 2 of these car seats and they are well worth the money.Well worth it!
Was a little difficult to put in to vehicle but once in, it fits great and it wont move. My grandson loves it.Grandson loves it
GoodGood
We own 4 Nautilus 3-in-1 car seats (2 in each vehicle). Our boys are 5 and 4 and they still fit in the 5 point harness. It's nice that this will be the last car seat they will need, since it converts to a high-back booster and then to a backless booster. The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because it's a little hard to travel with. It is a bit bulky and pretty heavy. We've had a few issues trying to fit it through the x-ray machines at the airport. Other than the minor travel issues, we love this car seat!Great Car Seat!
We love this seat for our son. He's a pretty large child for his age (upper 90 percentile in all areas) and we needed something we felt would grow with him. This seat certainly fits that bill. We first purchased it for our second car and advise our son's grandparents to purchase the same model since we knew it was great for the trips we take. Unfortunately the same seat purchased at a different retailer came with different hardware. The buckle was much harder to clip and the adjustments are quite tricky for us to help/use, never mind Grandparents to adjust. Not sure if others found this an issue but our first has the same hardware as all our other Graco car seats and we are most pleased with the ease of our original purchase.Great Seat, Models Differ
Nice sturdy seat that will grow with my child! East to install, nice looking seat for the price, love the cup holder and "cubbies". My only complaint is I purchased it because I loved the release buckle on the crotch strap on the store display (you pushed it down instead of in). When I got home it was a regular buckle you push in and at times is hard to use. I have broken many nails using the buckle (it really hurts!). Overall a good seat though!Great long lasting toddler seat!
This car seat is great. It is the only one I found that holds a child in a 5 point harness up 65 pounds. I've been using this seat for 2 years now. My 5yr old is only 35 pounds and is still using the 5 point. It reclines a little so when she falls asleep on those long car rides her head doesn't fall forward. The only down side to this seat is it's heavy, not ideal for airline travel or to move from car to car.love it!
I love this carseat. I only have one problem which is why I gave it a 4. My daughter has limited use of her right hand, which makes the cup holder difficult for her to use. It would be great if it was moveable like some of the other seats. We have adapted by putting a rubber bracelet in the bottom to raise her cup up a bit, so all in all the car seat works well for us. I was definitely surprised by the sturdiness and the weight of the car seat, but with that it seems more solid and safe then some of the others. I also like how the straps hook individually in the back so you don't have to worry about them being uneven.

The color is very cute for a little girl, and I love the fact that there was something other than pink!Great Carseat
We've used this car sear for our son for a couple of months and it is great! It seems comfortable, my son loves the cup holder, and it is so easy to take in and out of the car if needed. Seems to be holding up to the wear very well too!Great car seat!
We are happy with our Nautilus carseat. It has all the features we liked and was easy to install. Only gripe is that the buckle that the two staps click into can be a little hard to push the two buckles into. Our daughter loves that she has easy access to cup holder.Great Car Seat
This car seat fit my preemie toddler when he was ready to go forward facing... and still comfortably fitting my now 7 year old!!! I love it. Very easy to install. Great safety rating. And priced so reasonably! I actually own 3!!!
My only complaint was that they were a pain to adjust the harness heights on. Which is easier now that all of my kids are in the seat belt. But I understand they corrected that with the new Argos model.So good, I bought 3!!!
I am happy with this carseat. It fits my daughter comfortably. She is able to sleep with the recline and head rest. The only reason I wouldn't give it a perfect rating is because the buckle is hard to push to release.Overall good carseat
This seat is easy to put my grandchild in but hard to push button to release to get her outFor 4 yr old grandchild
Generally it is a good product. The only con is that the cover cannot be attached to the carseat firmly.GOOD
I bought this car seat for my then 4 year old daughter. She is now 5 1/2 years old and still in the harness! I love that she can still be in a harness at her age and she doesn't mind either!Great Car Seat
Really like this seatLong term seat
I purchased this for my daughter when they first came out, she loves it! My only complaint is I wish it could rear face, then you wouldn't have to buy any other seat.We love this car seat!
My granddaughter is 2 years old. She will be able to use this car seat for years. She really likes the cup holder and likes to hide stuff in the side pockets. Seat is easy to clean and not a major chore to take apart to clean.Very happy baby.
Great car seat! The only two things i wish they could change would be, 1. made is rear facing and 2. not so heavy. These are easy to clean and put in car also.nautilus
This car seat is wonderful, it seems very comfortable and safe on long trips, I only had 1 problem with it, we just pulled up to dinner and we could not get the buckle undone. We had to struggle to get our daughter out, but when we got home I poured water down the buckle and it has worked great ever since. She must have spilt something sticky in it on our long trip. I would definitely buy this product agin.Great Car Seat
the nautilus i am awesomecarseat!Ilovehowitturnsall the wayinto a boistet seat!loveit
man my daughter loves this seat she puts her sippy cup in the cup holder and tells me look mommy.and sometimes wen she gets in her car seat she falls asleep right away thats how comfortable it is.best car seat ever
We love this car seat its easy to install and even great in our car that does not have the latch system. My son loves this. I would not recommend this car seat for long car rides though as it is not a comfortable one to sleep in. We use it as our 2nd car seat for our other car. So it does the job. :)Perfect Carseat for Longterm use!
When we first purchased the car seat, my daughter would get red marks on her back. They were minor and did not bother her. Once she got a little bigger, that was no longer an issue. We were recently in a minor car accident and she was basically uneffected by it. We are about to purchase another one of these seats for our son.Definitely safe
I'm writing this early, as we've had the seat installed only 2 days, but we're really pleased so far. This was a replacement for another convertible seat which I thought would last my son into boosterhood. Not to be... He's a generous 41 inches tall at just over three years old, and outgrew his other seat. The Graco Nautilus has a good range for the head rest height and harness strap positions. We have a good amount of space to go now harnessed. My child might be tall enough for belt-positioning booster, but he's not mature enough, so he really still needs the harness. A perk for us is the cup holder, which my son totally digs -- snack cup or a drink fits nicely. Easy install with LATCH. I have not tried it as a seatbelt install, but I imagine that is also to complicated.Good seat so far
i love this product i have a tall child but she is under weight still to lil for a booster seat but she had out grown her seat i had to search and search for a harness that would fit her height this seat she still has one more slot to go now i fell better about taking her places thank you i only have one problem with it and that is the price but other then that awesome productlove it
I cannot say enough good things about this seat. I love it.Nautilus
I love this seat. It was a great option when our son outgrew his convertible by height. I love that it will be able to grow with him and that it will be the last set we will need to buy for him. I will be buying another in the figure when our little girl is big enough.Love this seat!
So easy to take apart, wash, and put together again.Love the 5-point harness
My daughter likes it, a little heavy but comfortable.good purchase
I got three of these when my daughter turned one. One for the sitter, and one fore each car. LOVE them! It grows with her, which is nice. I won't have to buy ANOTHER car seat as she keeps growing. I rated only 4 stars because when pulling the strap at the bottom to tighten her in, it sticks some now and is not as smooth as it should be.Great all in one car seat!
Overall wonderful seat have loved and enjoyed it very much, bought it because I liked the reviews and the fact that it was forward facing at 20 pounds and 1 year, I have a very tall 1 year old, however she is now 20 months and in the second to the top slot about to need to be transitioned to the top slot in a matter of weeks I am sure ( the harness is barely over her shoulder now). You aren't supposed to put a child in a high back booster until age 4, but 3 at a minimum, so I am bummed to find out I will more than likely need to purchase another seat, until then. I love this seat, it is easy to take in and out as needed, she loves it, and can get in it by herself, as I buckle her in. Loves the cup holder and the cubbies. Wonderful seat just wish the harness went a little higher.Good Seat
This seat is awesome!!! I love the fact that it reclines and it grews with my child. I love the how easy it is adjust the straps.Best purchase
Really like this seat. My son doens't complain. Wipes down well, good looking and easy to adjust. Only 2 things I would change - add a 2nd cup holder on the other arm and add a third crotch strap position for bigger kids. I have a feeling he will outgrow it sooner than I hope because there needs to be more room for his butt. because of this, only 4 stars.Great seat and cost!
My granddaughter obviously approves of this seat. She fell asleep in it during her first trip after I installed it. I am quite pleased with it myself since it appears well designed and it sells at a resonable price. I would have rated it at a 5, but, the elastic strap on the left side of the seat cushion is too short. I couldn't pull it out far enough to hook it on the frame of the seat underside.Seat for a growing girl!
I bought two of these seats recently for my two boys. They fit perfectly, and have plenty of room to grow. The seats fit nicely in my Expedition, also. I like the fabric and doesn't seem too hot on them.Comfortable seat.
We have purchased 7 of these for our cars and my in-laws vehicles. Our daughter has had brain surgery and she is always in one of these. We plan to keep her in one as long as possible. They install rock solid using tethers and anchors in several vehicles we have had. Chevy Silverado, Cadillac CTS, Buick Enclave, Chevy Traverse, Buick Rainer. We love the extended harness and safely harnessed our son until age 6. He was able to use the highback booster until 7.5 52 inches and 63lb. He is not large, just muscular and his shoulders became to wide for the back and he was uncomfortable. The nautilus bottom only booster does not work in the Chevy Traverse or Buick Enclave bucket seats. (We found the turbo booster, affix or connext works fine) Once the back is off it sits closer to the back of the seat and is too wide. It sits right next to the hard buckle and is impossible for the child to buckle.Love this seat
We've been using this seat for over a year now and we're happy with it. Very secure and comfortable. It's a pretty wide seat so we have to put it on one side so another adult can fit in the backseat. Overall I'm happy with this carseat.I would recommend this seat.
likes: cup holder, slidable headrest, secret side compartments, color (green), recliner, easy to take apart to clean- did it with out instructions first time and when replacing it I just followed the hooks provided for the bands on material.

dislikes: it is very heavy and made indentions in my leather seat (recommend a car seat mat to be placed underneath, if child is allowed to eat and drink in car seat, once material is removed it is hard to clean in small tight spaces and crevasses. not recommend for car seat covers I have to spray with water hose and sometime still doesn't clean well and reclining doesn't recline to much to notice.
above all else, I recommend this car seat to the next person.3 in one
I just purchased this seat this weekend and I love it. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was the chest buckle is really awkward to snap together and not at all like other car seats we purchased. My 3 year old loves the seat and enjoys riding in it.Great Car Seat
would give 5 stars if the chest buckle didn't get stuck on occasion and is very difficult to open. This is a different issue the the harness buckle recallgreat except for chest buckle
We bought this a few months ago but the harness is so hard to get off!! We love it but we kind of go into panic mode when you can't unlock the harness. Especially when it is cold it is so hard to get off. Otherwise we love it!I Love it but....
I bought this around January n I totally love all its features n style I know my kids are safe in them n I couldn't be happier about all my Graco ProductsAwsome looks
I brought this over 2 yrs ago- and I love it- so does my son who is now almost 5. The only problem I havewith it is the button on the buckle on the 5 point harness is sometimes hard to press down on (That's why I didn't rate as excellent.) - but he's almost out of that option . I am even thinking of getting another one for my othe son because I do not like the booster he currently is in- I think the Nautilus is a better quality.Great comfy carseat!
We use this for our 4 year old and it works really well. She's comfortable and still in the 5 point harness, which will continue to fit her for quite a while. I love that it has the push button adjust for the straps, I've had to use it quick for my 17 month old in emergencies and it's so easy to switch it between the 2 kids.

I do wish it was a little easier to take apart for cleaning. With a 4 year old it has gotten pretty dirty. Can't say I would purchase another one for sure (only because I've also fallen in love with the Milestone) but if that's all that was available I would consider it.Good Seat
i like thay she likes it she likes the side slots for her snacksyay
Bought seat 3 weeks ago. So far I am pleased with it. I would note that the buckle would be nice to have the ability to be adjusted.Features
We have been using these for a few years now, and have a total of 5 one in the exes car for when he takes middle daughter 2 in my van
, 2 in hubby's truck for the little babies (middle daughter uses highback booster in our cars ) I like these because the material used is thicker and more plush than other seats, also seat is cuter, it comes in other colors, only problem is the latches or buckles tend to get sticky or gummy and it can be hard to get your kid in and out but I think they are supposed to have fixed that now I do like the easy installation and that it can be used for many different ages of childrenwe have 5 of these and they are pretty comfortable
Its really nice and strong..kind of heavy so it cannot be moved around cars. My son loves it and every time he goes to the car he yells yay seat! Lolmy son loves it!
We use this as an "extra" seat & have only used it in the first level (full seat - not booster) but it's been great so far. Latch system is different than our Britax but wasn't too tough to install.Great so far!
Just bought product and very easy to assemble. Looks like a great product.Comfortable
Ive been using this seat for about 2 years. I love almost everything about it. My daughter fits great in it. Love how easy it is to buckle her in and tighten the straps. Also very easy to install. Easy to take apart to wash and pit back together. I wish the latch system was a little easier to get undone. I have three of these seats and one of them it super hard to het loose to take out of car. I finally just installed using the seat belt. a one push release would be nice instead of the hooks for the lower latch would be awesome. Also a way to make the storage bins a little easier to clean since children love to put everything in them. But over all I love this seat.love this seat
We've been using this car seat for our oldest for the past two years and really like it. My only reason for not giving it 5 stars is the buckle between the legs is too far back for a boy and not adjustable. It made us transition from using the 5 pt harness to the seat belt earlier than we would have liked. Everything else on the seat is adjustable and leaves plenty of room to grow except for the belt between legs (which is the same issue we had for the MyRide 65).Longevity!
Theres only a couple things I dont like about this seat. 1. I wish it rear faced. 2. Its heavy! Other than those 2 things my kiddo and I love love love our nautilus! Its a great seat at a great price!Nautilus 3 and 1!
We bought this last week and have been very happy with our purchase so far. Our little girl loves the seat and seems much more comfortable in this seat. We like that it has a cup holder for her water and spots for her snacks. There is room for her to read books and hold her stuffed animals. We love the fact that this seat will grow with her and we won't need to buy another one.Great car seat
Honestly this is a great car seat (so far). It's heavy which is probably good for safety but difficult when switching cars. Seems to be comfortable for the boys although my youngest's head kept falling forward while sleeping in (with the back part still in use). The only real disappointment is that the main harness seatbelt part is very hard to undo. Not on both of the seats I bought, but just on one of them...neither of my boys can't get it undone everytime. Sometimes they can and others it just needs to be jiggled. Bummer...but overall I like the seat.Average...but hoped for better
I just purchased this car seat for my 3 year old. He seems to like it. Overall it's a good buy. The only complaint I have is the the seat doesn't have enough cushion. I would recommend this to a friend.Good product
This seat is highly rated for safety and converts to a booster seat, it is well made and comfortable (according to our two year old). However, the latch system which attaches the seat to the car is very difficult to use. There is no release button, you have to try to stick your whole hand down between the car's seat and back, find the latch where it is attached to the loop, squeeze the metal of the latch to open it, and while still squeezing, lift the latch to disengage it from the loop. Further, the seat is very heavy and there are no convenient places to grip it on the top and bottom to carry it. It would be ok if it is going to be installed and left in place for several years, but totally unacceptable if you plan to switch it from car to car with any regularity, the way couples often need to.Excellent quality but hard to install
Maybe we have gotten used to terrible writing in general. I would have hoped for more from a big brand name manufacturer. There is a serious error in the description of shoulder strap height adjustment, i.e., the manual shows a diagram with 2 columns of 4 shoulder adjustment slots and describes how important it is to adjust the straps just above the shoulders, but there is only one set of slots for the shoulder height adjustment. It is especially irritating that the manual has on the front in red print, and has other similar warnings inside:

"Do not install or use this child restraint until you read and understand the instructions in this manual. FAILURE TO PROPERLY USE THIS CHILD RESTRAINT INCREASES THE RISK OF SERIOUS INJURY OR DEATH IN A SUDDEN STOP OR CRASH."

This manual defies easy understanding. Why couldn't Graco spend at least as much on a good technical writer as they have on the lawyer who provided the wording to protect them?

I will offer Graco a short summary of the correct way to write this manual:

1. Place a comprehensive diagram in the front of the manual with brief but complete instructions of each function, with references to pages that go into more detail.

2. Put all references to any given function in one place rather than scattering on different pages.

3. Explain carefully how to use less than obvious functions such as the important but hard to find metal clasp in the center below the seat, that has to be pulled up to produce slack for adjusting the seat harness.

4. Produce a high quality draft of the manual before publication, and have at least a half dozen users of different backgrounds and education who are not familiar with car seats attempt to follow the instructions without any help. Observe carefully the mistakes they make, and then rewrite the manual incorporating what you have learned. Continue this process, using the same group, until the users can follow the manual without assistance. Then repeat with a fresh new group who have never used a car seat.

5. Of course it would cost money to do it right, and is is much easier to fall back on the dire warning statements to try to put the burden on the users to figure it out for themselves. It would be amazingly refreshing if Graco would follow my advice. This is not my first rodeo, so to speak, in writing manuals, and Graco should give this serious consideration and attention.Terrible Manual
Getting a 5 year old in and out of a car seat should be pretty simple... at least I think so. This seat comes with a padding that is SHOWN in the pictures for use with the built in harness, so I left it in. Thing is, it is NOT stationary and shifts when my son gets in the seat... so I can't get his strap up between his legs and it becomes an ordeal. I will be removing it, (which means the arduous task of taking the seat out of the car) but really, I am not sure why it isn't either built in or somehow connected but removable. The little elastic band that straps to the harness release does NOTHING. I got this because it seems safer then our old cheapo... but there have been times my son has ASKED for his old, simple on back. I can't say I blame him.

Honestly I don't know if I'd recommend... I'd certainly be honest... but there is no 'I'm not sure" choice and it makes you choose!!!A bit more complex than I'd prefer
I drive a 2012 Acura MDX and am having a difficult time securely installing this seat with the latch system. Despite putting all of my weight on the seat and pulling the latch belt as tight as possible, the seat moves considerably from side to side. I've not experienced this with other car seats (such as Britax Marathon, which easily installs securely in the same seating position). I also found that the crotch strap is pretty shallow and doesn't leave a lot of room for growth ... even in the outer position. I am probably going to return this seat and purchase the Britax Frontier instead.Difficult to Install in 2012 Acura MDX
It's an okay, car seat but not sort the amount of money, for some reason I was expecting more or should I say better quality protection pads, unfortunately they are little less expensive car seats out there with much better quality than this, well I guess I'm paying for the name than standards, Graco needs to improve on their products.Graco Nautilus 3-in-1
I have three kids, ranging from 5 1/2 to 1 1/2, and thought that this would be a great carseat to throw in and out of Dad's truck because I could adapt it quickly for each child, and usually only one goes at a time. Boy was I wrong, this carseat has to weigh at least 30 lbs, if not then it definately feels that way! Lugging it in and out was not worth the effort, and we just broke down and bought other carseats.

All in all, though, it is a great carseat, with good features, but I definately recommend you leave it where you first manage to drag it to, because taking this in and out daily would be such a chore! Also, would be great for an only kid household, maybe two, but not more, unless you have the 3rd row or something along those lines because of how wide it is. Also, doesn't have a shield as stated before, its padding that goes between your child and the latch, and doesn't hinder it at all.

Hope this helped!Great, but very heavy and WIDE
We purchased this as a replacement to my daughter's almost two year old pink Graco Nautilus 3-n-1 due to an auto accident. This color seems though it will hold up better to food and drink stains. This new car seat has been annoying me. When I put her in the older model I could just push the button down and it would release the buckle. This time the buckle requires the use of both hands which doesn't make for taking my daughter in and out of the carseat easy. Now this may sound like a small thing but I guess I was just so use to the ease of the older model. Other than the buckle issue, which to me is a biggie, it is still the same. My daughter falls asleep in it easily and she seems pretty comfortable as before. Plus I love that the seat comes completely apart where every part can be washed and vacuumed out.Older model was better
It works very well but it is heavy and does not have a handle to pick it up withmy complaints
Very solid but too heavy, My seats had a little damage even with a car seat protector. Travelled to new york with this car seat. Bad idea, it's too heavy to carry around in the airport, it's at least 20 pounds you will go over the weight limit easily. lol

We have two cars and it's a pain to move it. If you put it in your car it should stay there. Car seat protectors will save your leather seats!Too heavy
I bought this seat as a replacement for a Britax Roundabout after my 4 year old finally meet the maximum height. I was looking for something that would take him through the next 4-5 years and keep him harnessed for at least another year since he's a lightweight at only 35 lbs. There aren't a lot of options out there so I decided to give this one a try since it was on the lower end of the price scale for seats that matched the criteria I was looking for.

Putting it together was fairly easy and getting it secured in the car took about as long as any other car seat I've owned. The biggest problem I had was how my child fit in the seat and how easy it was to get him buckled in. I found the harness on this seat to be hard to work with. With a lighter jacket he fit fine, with a heavier (winter) jacket it was hard to get the harness around his shoulders and the buckle was hard to snap. I tried uninstalling it and moving it to the highest position but it didn't improve the outcome. After two weeks of trying to work with it, I decided to return it and bought another Britax model that is working much better for us and his body type. I thought the seat was just OK and would probably work for most people that are transitioning their children earlier than 4 years old. It just didn't work for us.Good seat but not for us
This car seat the back doesn't adjust by pulling the headrest up.
It actually has 3 slots for the harness belts to adjust with your child. I really wanted the Bravo which just adjust by the headrest, This car seat was for emergencies for the grandparents.I ordered the Bravo and got the regular 3 in 1
Latch hard .... must push with force ... compared to other car seats that 'snap' easily and quickly when putting latch together. Everything else is okay.hard to buckle
It was difficult to install using the LATCH into the backseat of a Mercury Marquis. It doesn't tighten down easily. Our Britax car seat took 10 minutes to install securely. This seat required several foam flotation devices to help get it stable and took over an hour to install. Once installed, the seat had a lot of features. I just wish Graco would install more securely easily.Tough to install
No car seat made to date, has made it easy for anyone to get a kid in or out of the seat. The shoulder harness is easy to snap and unsnap, BUT snapping the two devices into the device between the legs is difficult. Herein is the problem of car seats. Surely, an engineer somewhere in the USA can improve the accessibility of getting a kid buckled up and unbuckled. I recommended this seat because of the soft upholstery and cup holder.Hard to snap a two-year into the seat
Not impressed - the straps are difficult to tighten properly, resulting in them loosening throughout the trip, even short trips to and from daycare. It seems to be a design flaw, as the child sits on part of the straps. My old Britax convertible car seat was much better. Will likely return this one and pick up a Britax booster.Straps difficult to tighten properly
A very functional car seat
The only things I'm not crazy about are (1) it doesn't slightly recline like our Target brand car seat does, so when ur barely 'toddler' falls asleep their head falls forward which can possibly compromise their airway (2) the straps are not easily adjustable. I had to have my husband adjust them because I couldn't.Nice car seat
Good seat just not rear facing. My girl just grew out of the infant seat and was in need of a big girl chair. I bought this then realized it was not rear facing. I wanted to keep her rear facing as long as possible so unfortunately this didn't work out. Did buy another graco seat that is rear facing up to 40 lbs!! Do if you want your baby to face rear longer this isn't the seat for you :-)Would have been awesome had it been rear facing!
Let me start by saying that I did NOT purchase this car seat. After reading all the reviews and watching countless youtube videos I had decided to buy the Nautilus. Luckily however I decided to go the local Babies R Us instead of ordering off the internet. It is a nice looking car seat and one of the best priced. But I wanted one that we could take on long trips and was nap friendly and I really liked the recline feature. But once I viewed it in the store and had my son sit in it, I decided it wasn't the one for us. It barely reclines, only about 1-2 inches which isn't a lot and not enough to prevent his head from flopping forward.

Some other concerns that people brought up was the hard to release harness. Personally, I didn't think it was a problem, I found that there is a sweet spot that required less pressure. If a grandparent with weak hand strength was going to be using it, I would think twice but most adults should be able to handle it.

The seat padding was middle of the road, not the best padded but not the worst either. The Safety 1st Elite had the best padding in my price range (around $150) and the Graco MySize 70 had non-exsisting padding. The Nautilus had about 1/4 inch gel seat. If I wasn't going to take long trips I would have gotten this.

My advice, do your research but ALWAYS try to find your car seat in store so you can actually see it and try it out with your child. I ended up getting a seat that I initially ruled out.Doesn't recline much
This carseat is nice. Yet, sort of difficult to figure out as far as functionality. It is great for use in a single vehicle. If you are going to be interchanging vehicles this carseat exchange may be a bit of a hassle. This carseat is heavy!!! If using in one vehicle it is a Great product.Great Product if you are not interchanging vehicle
We go on a lot of long car rides where my son regularly falls asleep. This seat forces his head too far forward where he can't be in a comfortable position. We will be returning and getting another true fit, which he is much more comfortable in. Bummed that this didn't work out since now we will have to buy a separate booster, but his comfort comes first. If your child will be sleeping in the car, I do not recommend this seat!Headrest too far forward
The carseat itself is great but very dissapointed with the buckle piece, its not long enough and is hard to buckle. I will be contacting the manufacterer.buckle not long enough
This seat is full of great ideas! The hidden snack spaces under the arm rests, the elevated cup holder, and easy adjustment for the back rest. The issues we are having all stem from the crotch buckle. It is super difficult to push the strap pieces into the buckle and also to push the button to release them. Also, every time my daughter gets into the seat, the buckle ends up under her rear and we have to dig for it. I would not recommend this seat for larger children as the crotch buckle positioning is way too close and squashes the private area on larger kiddos.Great seat, except the buckle
Bought 3-in-1 so I wouldn't have to buy another car seat again! Love the colors, durability, cup holders, etc. Wish it was more comfortable. My daughter complains her back hurts after 45 min rides or more. Most car seats that have the adjustable headrest or convert to boosters do this but I thought this one looked more comfortable. Wish I would have bought the my ride 65 for until she got bigger and later buy a cheap booster. Sad that I can't return it after we figured out it wasn't comfortable.like the look but not comfortable
I did not realize that the car seat was only forward-facing. The highest recommendation for children under 2 is to be rear-facing. Because it's convertible and for 20-65lbs, I assumed it would start as a rear-facing seat. I double-checked the description, too, which does not say one way or another which way it faces! I am disappointed in that. I like the look, the sturdiness, the longevity of the seat, but now I have to try to sell mine to get the safest option for my son who is just turning one.Not rear-facing
Child snaps it OPEN way too easily!! Needs to be a tighter resistance.... otherwise, car seat is good.Chest Clasp
This is a nice carseat, higher than my daughters last one so a little more difficult to get up into herself. She says its comfortable as long as I take out the back pad piece. The one thing I hope they change and almost made me return it was the strap and buckle system. It takes so much longer to get her in and out because the middle harness sticks and when its cold outside this isn't fun. The straps themselves are also slower getting clicked in for some reason, seems to me the strap material is thinner therefore it twists so your messing with them every time she gets in and out to straighten.Would be good if...
We have 3 Graco Nautilus car seats. The first one works great so we bought a 2nd for our other car (this one has a different buckle than the other 2). The buckle on the 2nd one has been awful. At first we thought it was because our child had spilled something on it...until we bought the 3rd one. Now we are having difficulties with the buckle on this one and she has not spilled anything on it. Just this morning I could barely get my 18mo old daughter out of the car seat at her daycare in the cold (we live in NE). Very frustrated considering how much money we spent on each one. We like everything else about the seats and purchased them because they convert as our children grow. If the buckle was easier to use I would definitely consider buying a 4th so we would have 2 for each car.Mixed feelings...
This car safety seat is advertised for 20+ lb but isn't capable of rear facing placement. A 20lb baby can be a 6-9 mo old and clearly to young/small to be front facing. The ads DO NOT clearly state this. We'll work around but would have selected another product.Not all we had expected
We bought this carseat for my 3 year old son, and it has some great features, but we have also had trouble with the crotch buckle. It is positioned so far back in the seat that it can be uncomfortable for him, and the button is very difficult to push. We like the size of the seat, the position of the cup holder, and the cubbies on the inside of the arms.Great seat, but trouble with the crotch buckle
I bought one for my daughter and one for my son, but my daughter's buckle is so hard to get undone sometimes. It is extremely frustrating when I am at the store and it does it. Other than that the car seats are great. They are very stylish, look comfortable, and are easy to clean.Wonderful but problem with buckle
The car seat is great and has transitioned great for our son, but after washing the seat cover by using the directions the bottom seat cover portion near the buckle tore in two places.. Now foam is exposed.. My beautiful car seat now looks like trash.. I think it is because of the material.. I recommend the car seat just not with the mesh material! I have never been able to wash it again because I am afraid it will fall apart.Seat cover tears...
i have this care seat for 2 years its awesome I love the fact that it grows with your child. my child is 3 and underweight so I have the option to keep the harness on. although its frustrating because I can not remove the entire cover seat so that I can wash it, I think for the amount of money one spends on these car seats they should automatically make a removal washing car seat cover because we are buying it to keep for years. It GROWS with the child. Or even make accessories with buying new printed car seat covers that will fit.Great to Grow with but....
My daughter loves sitting in this car seat. It's comfortable and safe.
The pad often moves so be sure to pull up and smooth out.
I find that it is quite wide and takes up a lot of room in the car (and can only be securely if not in the middle seat) so be sure that you have only two car seats in the back or don't expect to fit an additional booster or passenger in the middle seat.Safe and comfortable
I bought this when my oldest was 4 and she's almost 6 now still using the 5 point harness. She's always complained about the crotch buckle being too tight and to me it does look pretty close to her. The other thing is that since it sits up so straight when she sleeps her head falls where she's chin to chest which I realize at her age isn't a breathing concern but it's not comfortable she wakes up with her neck hurting. The quality of the seat is great however and it's easy to install and keep clean. We've never owned anything but Graco baby products and won't ever switch.mostly satisfied
I bought this for my son and was so happy with the overall quality of the seat. The problem is that it is NOT a true convertible carseat and can NOT be installed rear-facing! We were so upset because we bought two of these seats (one for each car) and had to return them. It is a great seat for a child that is ready for a foward-facing car seat.NOT A CONVERTIBLE CARSEAT
The Nautilus 3-in-1 car seat has a serious flaw.

The bottom center (crotch) strap comes up through the seat bottom far too close to the seat back even when it is in the second (last) slot.

It just barely fits our 20 pound 1 1/2 year old son in the outer slot and it is far too far back to fit our 34 pound 3 1/2 yr old son.

We will return it right away.Crotch Strap positions are too short
I had this car seat for a year and wanted to take is out to clean but I was really struggling losing up the belt. It is not an ideal car seat to switch from one car to next without spending good amount of time and frustration moving it. I almost cut the belt that tie the car seat to the car latch. I would not recommend this to anyone.Very bad latch and belt is not easily losen
I bought this car seat for my son when he turned a year old. He is now 2 1/2 and it's getting very difficult to unbuckle him from the seat. I put in to get a replacement buckle, which will take 6 to 8 weeks to get here.Buckle sticks
My husband and I found it very difficult to install in our vehicle.difficult to install
I bought this as an extra seat for our other car. I regret not going with the First Years True Fit, like my other seats. The shoulder and crotch straps have to be completely re-threaded to adjust. It is very difficult to get this seat tight into the vehicle seat. My son seems to like the cup holder.Pain to adjust
This seat looks cool and functions in keeping my son safe, cup holder is nice and hope to use it more with future conversion to booster seat. We are buying a replacement seat though because my son cannot sleep in it without his head dropping forward. He actually sits concave with his back further against the seat than his head. It's miserable any time he falls asleep. A good friend of mine has the same seat, the same problem and hates it too. The recline feature should resolve this, but reclines so little you can't even tell it's 'reclined'. A car seat a child can't even nap in is no use to me.Miserable for sleep, 'recline' is a joke
I loved everything about this seat except the crotch strap! The placement of it is ridiculous, my poor 3year old (average weight) was getting her legs pinched, it was so tight. Sad to say this is going back to the store, considering there is no room to grow!Disappointed
Bought two Nautilus. First one took about 20 minutes to get the crotch strap detached to move to a different slot. Second one over 1/2 hour now. Strap is too thick/or slot too narrow. Strap bunches up and won't push throughTrouble with crotch strap
Good car seat. Except when toddler sleeps...His head hang to the side....not a fan.
Because of the reviews I went ahead and ordered two car seats hoping it would work out. I'm highly disappointed with the quality of this seat. The fabric isn't soft and the buckle on this thing is ridiculous. I'll probably get bruises on both of my thumbs trying to push the button down to release it. Thank God I didnt put this seat to use or have him try and sit in it. These are getting returned this weekend!Hated it.
This car seat is hands down the worst thing ever. I have had different ones over the years I've handled and this one is awful. If you're worried about the belt not clicking or buttons not staying shut: DON'T WORRY WITH THIS ONE! In fact, you will be so 'thrilled' with the effectiveness of the buttons that they will stick closed and break your nails in half at every turn! Both of my thumbs have splits down the middle of the nail from attempting to free my son of this poorly made restraint system. Once one nail is healed it gets another crack. Right now I have to use other fingers to open this...no cracks on them yet, but it's really a waiting game with this thing. The buttons are stupidly hard to open! And I am not the only one who has this issue: my baby sitter has one as well and the same thing happens to her! The clasp at the groin can not have ANY kind of fabric or blanket obstructing it or it will NOT close: which this seemed nice at first...but when you have a wriggling baby it becomes quite annoying. Another down side is it's not rear facing, which is another reason why I want to just chuck this thing out the window. I wish I had the money to buy a new car seat, or was able to return this (it was a gift from online sadly) to get a Graco My ride (much better car seat) but it's not in the cards for me.Worst car seat I've ever experianced
i think that it is stupid that you dont say its a forward facing seat only now i cant use it !!!!!!! you need to put it on the box FORWARD ONLY !!!!!!!!!not good
This was by far the worst graco product I've ever purchased. The crotch strap is IMPOSSIBLE to adjust! I called Graco and they were no help whatsoever. "Just turn it sideways and slide the clip through" they said. It doesn't work. Do not waste your money on this carseat.Worst purchase ever
I love the style of the Nautilus but the buckle is very hard to click together. I have had Graco seats before that work great. I am very disappointed in this one. Please make changes to this.Looks great, horrible buckle
The car seat is soft and comfortable; however, I would not recc for two reason. 1. Very difficult to install and takes a lot of tugging and working at it to get it secure. 2. Does not buckle into the main hub really well. Takes muliple attempts to try and get it to "click" in place. If we could return these car seats we wouldI would not reccomend this car seat
I will NEVER buy another graco product EVER again! I only put one star because I had to to post this review. I would give this carseat not a single star.horrible
This car seat does not face the rear! it is not recommended for any child or baby who still requires a rear facing car seat! in some states it is against the law to have a child under 40 lbs or 2 years old to face forward, if this seat is for 20 -100 pounds it should be required to be rear facing car seatNot rear facing
