I don't use anything but Pampers on my children. The Swaddlers are the best. No leaks...not too tight...my infant son is so happy when he wears these...even when a diaper change is needed, he's not real fussy...huge box is a bargain too...

Shipping was quick!
We live a great distance from our granddaughter and her wonderful husband. They now have 10 month old identical twin boys and they use lots of diapers. We like to help out a little and we're so far away, we can't do babysitting or something on that order. We thought probably the best thing we can do for them is contribute to the diaper expense. Walmart online was the answer and it took only a few minutes to have them purchased and shipped and they received them in just a few days. We didn't have to worry about any of the details such as shipping. Just great and we will be using this convenient service again.
I have used these for my daughter since the hospital introduced us to them at her birth. She is size 5 now and I have never had a leak or blowout. Works really well for girls! Blue line wetness indicator is best invention ever!
These diapers by Pampers are so commercialized that I thought they would be much much better than what we have been buying. But to our amazement, they are absolutely not that spectacular.
First they have less in a box than Luvs, and are much more expensive than Luvs.
I would not buy them again because we find Luvs diapers more economical, better fitting and in comparison just as good if not better. These pampers fit well just like the others, hold moisture just like the others. They are nothing to be excited about. They are not bad at all but why pay much more for something you can get more of for less.
In final words it is up to the buyer which diapers you will purchase, they all get thrown out the same and they all do the same job. The trick is to keep your baby dry, so change the diapers often, no matter which type of diaper you use.
I have been cloth diapering my 5 month old son since birth and he recently developed a rash so I bought sposies to try and get rid of it. I bought Pampers Swaddlers, Baby Dry and store brand of CVS. By far Swaddlers out performed the other two, they smell nice and fit my chubby baby well, even around his thick thighs. He also stayed dry for six hours while he slept. I believe coupling these diapers and switching to Pampers Sensitive wiped helped his rash go away. Highly recommend!
I assume the recipient of the diapers knew what she was asking for on her baby gift registry . I have rec'd. a thank you from her ~

So - obviously this is not a review :)
READY AS PROMISED, GOOD VALUE
Excellent!
The diapers came about less than a week later with the free shipping since I ordered 2 boxes. Since it is winter time and it gets really cold here, it helps to not have to leave the house with the baby. It's way too cold for him! We like being able to order from the comfort of our home.
They came so fast I was do surprised!
Fast shipping, exceptional value.
I put these on my baby registry because of the reviews. The liner in the diapers sticks to my babies butt. I prefer Huggies.
I like this product and service. Was delivered very fast.
Savings & excellent product
I would probably give these a 5 star, but as for now they are in a closet and that's where they are staying for several months. I hear that Swaddlers are the best and have super amazing qualities, but honestly I have no idea as I'm a first time mom and unless you have children then you can't change another person's baby when babysitting or else the parents think you are some kind of a child predator or something, because what normal person would willingly change a diaper. The last experience I really had with diapers was approx. 19 years ago with my younger brother and I was 8 years old, so I can't really say one way or the other what brand I'd prefer. Giving this a rating of 3 on value because I've only researched 3 brands of diapers and it seems on average with the other brands. Giving a 5 on expectations because I expected a giant box of diapers, and unless the box is filled with spiders then it's everything I expect it to be. I mean its not like I bought these to do anything with other than keep poop in anyway, so they pretty much probably meet every expectation I could have for these diapers at this point.
Excellent product my great grandson thanks you if he could talk. As for me ordering and pickup at the local Walmart made it easy. This is my 5th purchase and it won't be my last until my great grandson grows out of them. Thanks
When purchasing just know the size will be appropriate for a while. Great value Will continue to purchase in bulk for value
Pampers have always been #1
The diapers she wore are cute and comfortable.
Pampers are great especially if your child sleeps through the night!! all other brands leak or start breaking!
Best deal
My daughter is now 4 months old, and I have used these since birth. We tried all of the diaper brands Huggies, Luvs, and even dollar store brands on her. These by far are the best although Huggies weren't bad. Luvs left moisture on her bottom, but these seem to keep the moisture off her which I love. The blue line indicator is perfect especially for those times that they just pee a little it lets you know. The fit is perfect for her legs and bottom. We have yet to have any leaks or mishaps with this diaper brand, they are a little more than some diapers but in my opinion they work so much better than the other brands. I am so glad that I choose to use these, honestly the best ones by far.
good deal
Would order this item again.
Holds the most liquids;)
Excellent pampers, worth every penny for my child's comfort.
Great way to send a gift to my Grandchildren.
I have been using these diapers with my firstborn, now I use them with my daughter. They work great and easy disposal. I definitely recommend them. 4 stars!
great absorbancy
I Love this pampers!
Worked great for my grand son
Great diapers. My baby loves them.
I got this and other Pampers Products for my Nephew and his new Wife, they are expecting a Baby Boy in September of 2014 and thought I would help them out with Pampers Diapers and Pampers Wipes .... I did not get them at Walmart in the Store it self, I love going online Shopping at Walmart.com I got a Great Price for a lot of Diaper and a lot of Wipes and I would defiantly buy them again.
I love these diapers. These are the only diapers I buy. Great absorbency.
nothing friend recommended and I am hooked
A big sigh of relief with so many diapers in hand!
These fit my son great. Also fit my daughter great when she was in diapers. We cloth diaper mostly during the day and use disposable at night. We have a lot of leaks with buggies but not pampers.
The best diaper I have tried.
GREAT WAY TO KEEP YOUR BABY DRY AND COMFY
These are the pampers the hospital use so no need to change. Ordering them online in bulk save so much time and Walmart has the best price.
Should outline Newborn Swaddlers
Best Diapers and best price from Walmart!
Great product!!
We haven't had any problems with Pampers Swaddlers. We have used them since our little one was a preemie. I have tried other diapers, but always come back to Swaddlers. The delivery was very fast!
Not only do these diapers have an indicator but they fit my son allowing him to walk up dry.
Best product, excellent service from Walmart! I will make this purchase every month for my daughter and my new grandson so she won't have to lug large boxes of diapers home.
with the cold weather approaching having Walmart delivery my baby's diapers right to my door is the most convenient service ever, i click purchase and fast delivery.
This was a gift to our great granddaughter. Her parents requested Pampers because of past use with good results. Fit well with no leakage.
The best pampers I ever used for my baby.
These are the best diapers in my opinion. They are reliable, comfortable, and have a strip wetness indicator. Overall, I could not find better so far. And my baby, who is one year old, never had any rashes or leaks since birth while wearing them.
Perfect fit
Thank you Walmart for offering the bundle at such an affordable price!
This is the only brand I use for my kids gives them no rashes and it holds thru the night will definitely recommend to other moms
These do a great job.
Easy to manage and dispose. Great flexibility around the waist without constricting hips.
Like it !!!!
Works for full night
Love this product. My baby always happy
These diapers have been our favorite since our little girl was a newborn!
It is convenient to buy in bulk and wal-mart holing the item at customer service is even better!
love them .
Great value.
Yes! Came so early!
Best diapers ever
Great way to buy diapers and wipes and you do not have to deal with huge boxes at store with a baby in the cart! Convenient !
love these !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Great product. Love the blue stripe. They keep our daughter nice and dry even if it's been a while since the last change. We aren't crazy about the fragrance, but it's not too bad.
The best diaper ever that i was still wear it to my son even after he gets older
So far, this has been my favorite diaper. For a new mommy the wet indicator strip is a must. I've been needing to watch my babies wet and stool diapers because of making sure she is getting fed well and the wet indicator has helped me have have accurate documentation
My son used these and he hated being in wet diapers but diapers are expensive especially if you have to change your baby a lot
i LOVE pampers! The best diapers that i have ever used! Would definitely recommend these to anybody!
Love the pampers swaddlers!! when my twins were in the NICU that what the hospital used
Pampers swaddlers have been my number one choice since my daughters first days in the hospital til now and she is 7 months old now. They fit great and are great for overnight wear with no leakage!
i used to use huggies, but a friend introduced my to pampers, and now that's all i use. much more absorbent, and no yucky gummy stuff coming out of the diaper if it's soaked.
Swaddlers is soft, absorbent and it fits just right. Pampers is the only brand I trust, it keeps my baby dry.
I like this diaper for the Newborn stages of my kids. It seems comfortable for their belly button cords. It wraps their hips snug. I especially love the wetness indicator strip. I wish all diapers, no matter the size or stage of life, had a wetness indicator!
I am the mother of a 5 week old. So far we have used Pampers Swaddlers and 2 other brands. I by far prefer Pampers Swaddlers. They fit much better than the other brands, they haven't leaked out like the other brands have, and they haven't caused a diaper rash like the other brands did. I plan to only use Pampers Swaddlers for my little one until she is potty trained!
i have two childrens, one is boy who is 5yrs old and the other one is daughter she is 5months. i use only pampers because it looks really nice and comfort.
I HAVE USE THIS BRAND FOR MY FIRST BABY AND THE SECOND NEVER HAVE A PROBLEM. THE USUAL ACCIDENTS. ALWAYS MY PREFERRED BRAND.
I got different brands from my baby shower but pampers beat them all. They are super soft(almost like fabric) and my baby seems super comfortable in them,
great diapers, fit well, and stay dry with no leakage.
these diapers are super soft and a must for new babies. I have used these diapers for both my children from Newborn to size 2.
I have always used Pampers with our daughter and we will continue to with our second! The Swaddlers are a perfect fit. We never once had a leaky diaper or any irritations. As first time parents we highly suggest!
This diaper fits my baby's bottom perfectly and keeps her skin very healthy. Only down side is the slight dampness left on the outside/pants. very rarely do we get leaks.
Our journey began with Pampers Swaddlers at the hospital and I should have stayed on that course. Needless to say, like most women, I received varying brands of diapers at my baby shower. So, I have used 3 other brands on my son and none come even close to Pampers. I had problems with my son peeing out of the other brands, when he had only been in the diaper for a short time. After going through aprox 150 pampers, I have not had one leak. I am definitely going to be a Pampers Mom!
Pampers swaddlers is a great diaper overall. Only complaint I have is the cord cut out is not low enough. We had to fold the diaper down at the top to prevent rubbing and irration to the cord.
I depend solely on Pampers Cruisers for my boys. We have tried all other brands and Pampers is always the one that gets our thumbs up.
These are the most absolute greatest diapers. I love them for my baby. If I had to wear diapers I would wish pampers would make these in my size! Lol. I love the fact that it has the wetness lines so you don't have to peek into the diaper to check if it's wet. They're soft and love the characters on them! I tell my friends to get these diapers out of all the diapers made. Everyone knows these are the only diapers I'll put on my baby :)
Love them. Fit really well, super absorbent, and move well with my baby.
In the hospital they used Pampers Swaddlers so when we went home we didn't know any different on how diapers worked, but once we got home we were using many different types and man on man did they suck we gave them all away and we are a pampers swaddlers house only!
I absolutely love these diapers. Wouldn't change them for any other.
When I had my daughter one year ago, I was a first time mom and had no idea there were so many diapers to choose from. I just thought "a diaper is a diaper". I recieved several different brands and types of diapers for my baby shower. It didn't take me long to realize that Pampers Swaddlers are the best! I love how they fit my daughter, I love the wet sensor line, and I love how easy it is for me to feel if the diaper needs to be changed (some diapers feel full even if they are not). I had my sister pick up a box of these diapers for me recently. She was standing in the diaper isle, looking for the right kind and size. Another woman shopping for diapers asked my sister if she needed help. She answered, "I'm looking for size 3 Pampers Swaddlers". The woman replied, "Oh, you don't want those. They're the most expensive". My sister replied to her, "That's ok. They're for my sister and she says they are the best, no matter the price. And besides, she'd kill me if I brought her the wrong kind". I may not have killed her, but I definitely would have sent her back to the store!
Pampers is the only product I trust on my babies... I am so glad they are now a size 5
I loved the swaddlers diaper for my new born. That worked great!
I have tried at least 5 different brands of diapers & I find Pampers Swaddlers to be the best diapers for our 4 month old baby boy. They never leak and he gets way less diaper rash than we have experienced with other diaper brands.
I have loved the swaddlers since we used them in the hospital when my daughter was born. And just in time for her to go to size 3 diapers, swaddlers extended their sizes, thank you so much for that! These are by far my favorite diapers ever!
We used Pampers Swadlers with both of our children and are looking forward to using them with our third child due this summer. We Love them and have already to begun to purchase some before the new baby arrives so we have lots of stock :)
These are one of the best diapers I have used. They are very soft and absorbent. Both my babies felt comfortable in them. I would definitely recommend this product!
These are the only diapers we have tried that absorb bowel movements. My husband and i gave away all other brand diapers because it was always a disaster!
I absolutely love pampers swaddlers. I don't know why anyone wouldn't use these diapers. I recommend them! They are amazing for fit and dryness. My daughter seems to be so comfortable in them even when her diaper is full. I live by these diapers. They are wonderful!
I would definitely recommned this product I have used them since the day she was born and I have had 0 issues. She even strated sleeping thru the night at only 2 months with no discomfort to her due to a wet diaper - LOVE them!!!
I love these diapers. They fit my daughter very well. The blue stripe easily lets me know when she is wet.
This is my first time using pampers and i must say i love the product!
Absolutely love these diapers, they fit great! I personally love the fit of these diapers, my son was preemie at 5lbs 14oz and the Preemie and Newborn sizes fit perfectly. They stay very dry and the new wetness indicator is amazing!! I used pampers with my first son (7 years ago) and loved them back then, I didn't think they could improve on perfection but I feel like they are even better now! 5 stars!!!!
We love these diapers because they fit well and do not leak.
i didnt want to use any other product besides pampers. even though others have recommended other products. but my son and i love pampers swaddlers. they fit just right, move with him. and the absorbency is amazing.
I used Swaddlers with my little guy and loved them! No problems whatsoever and they are so soft!
Very good product. I recommend for everybody. Pampers and quality is just one word.
I would recommend pampers diapers to anybody out their... by far the best of the best when it comes to diapers
I only buy pamper diapers. They are the best!! They never leak and they fit perfect!!
I have used these diapers on all four of my children. I have tried other brands and no diaper compares to pampers. I still have one child left in diapers and it's going to be pampers until the end!
For the past two years, my son has used Pampers Swaddlers. He has only had a diaper rash once in the past two years, and the only rash was within the first month of his life. The diapers were easy since it has the yellow line which changes to blue to indicate that he is wet. This was a life saver when he was a newborn and as a toddler so I don't have to take off his diapers to check when we are out and about. I just had my second child and again will only use Pampers because of the quality of it. It's been great not having a child who has a diaper rash and not having to buy the cream or worry about it.
this is the best diaper I have used since my son was born and I wont change to any other brand
Since my 8 month old son was born,I have used papers swaddlers. They are always a great fit. My son also has sensitive skin-he has never had a negative reaction to these diapers. We are now in size 3 and as happy as can be!
I love the soft, great fit of these diapers. Also, the confidence of knowing that my baby boy is going to feel comfy even if he is wet and that we won't have embarrassing leaks in public. While they cost more than other diapers, I have found them to be a much better product so I can justify the cost difference.
These are GREAT for newborn babies. Especially for new moms. I loved this product when my son was first born. I now use the regular pampers which are also amazing.
Pampers swaddlers have proven to be a superior product in comparison to other name brands. This product is super absorbent and easy to use.
Out of all diapers pampers are the best. I only wish i could find them cheaper.
We love the color change line to let us know when our little one needs changed. Great fit for the little bum.
I love pampers swaddlers!! Pampers is the only brand I will buy and recommend!
I never have problems with swaddlers its great quality and value keeps my son dry no leaks of ripped diaper
I trust nothing but Pampers Swaddlers for my little one. They are super soft but absorbent. I love the blue indicator line for when they are tiny. Love, love, love!
The Newborn size is a great little diaper for the littlest ones. They work well and are affordable, especially with a coupon or purchased in the bulk box. My 4 kids wore them and now my new baby granddaughter is wearing them. The fit is nice and they are soft and comfy. I recommend them.
These diapers were great for my newborn, as time when on and my baby had more fluid i didnt feel they worked as well as the other diapers that pampers has to offer
i love pampers and will use them for the rest of my babies diaper time. thank you for the great products u create.
Swaddlers are the best diaper I have ever bought!! I recommend them to all friends and family with a little one and they have all had a great experience with them!!! I'd choose Pampers over any other brand!!!
Pampers the best tried the rest but their don't compare to the best.
I love papers for my 12 month old! Noting else works through the night! Recently I was in a rush and picked up another brand that was on sale at the time, she started leaking through every night and wetting through the sides while playing. I went through 3 outfits a day due to the wetness! Luckily I only purchased a small pack so I quickly went right back to Pampers and have had NO problems since! Thank you Pampers!!
I prefer to use these diapers because they do not interfere with the healing process of the baby's umbilical cord. Also keep baby nice and dry.
We used this on our little one till she was about six or seven month old. Once she started moving around and crawling we switched to cruisers. Only time we noticed "leaks" was in the morning, and only occasionally.
I'm a nurse on OB unit, we use pampers swaddlers for our infants on our floor. They are what I know and love. So of coarse I use them for my own children. I love the quality, the fit, and the scent :) and I also enjoy collecting the rewards points!
These are great quality diapers. Very soft and keep everything in.
I've been using pampers since my first child was born and I just love the quality of the diapers and wipes
Our daughter is now 4 months old. We were set on using the Huggies version to start off with but after having the Swaddlers in the hospital we really fell in love and then after going through our Huggies we switched back as soon as possible. The difference was incredible fewer blow outs, dryer bottom, and they just fit her lil bottom so much better. The N size had the cut out for her lil cord which was great.I am so glad they go to size 5 now because we are that happy with them.
Love the fit and how it keeps my baby's skin dry as well!
Pampers Swaddlers are longer than Huggies which means less leaks. Great for my little one! :)
We loved swaddlers for our son but were sad when he got too big for them and we had to switch. Pampers now makes swaddlers in bigger sizes. We're looking forward to using them with our baby girl in a few days when she arrives!!
Noticed my son was getting a rash on his bottom when we used another brand. Stopped using them and immediately switched back to the swaddlers. The 2 layer absorb liner works very well and keeps him dry and rash free!! Size 2s are a great fit and we will continue to use the Pampers swaddler line.
I love the extra softness swaddlers offers my daughter. her first few months of course were when I was trying to go through everybody's baby shower diaper gifts. but I couldn't help but skip them and always go back to the swaddlers. I loved how dry they kept her and I instantly noticed the difference in the way she reacted. much calmer and more comfortable.
Holds everything in diaper wetness Indicator is a great plus
I luv these diapers have tried several and none compare to these my baby sleeps thru the night and i notice that the keep her happy
I used these diapers when my daughter was first born and they were great when she had a bowel movement. I never had any leaks with the swaddlers unlike other diapers.
I received several brands of diapers for shower gifts. The only diapers that don't give my LO diaper rash is Pampers. They absorb great too! No problem with leaks. Even after she sleeps for 10 hours at night without a diaper change. They feel softer than other brands, which tend to have more of a plastic feel. The hospital where she was born used Swaddlers. Best diapers hands down.
Pamper Swaddlers are Incedible, (I have competitor diapers still in bags/ boxes-i will not touch-tried them, ugh)! Pampers design is perfect for my daughter! I have never had one leak which i find astounding-neither has she had one diaper rash! I was introduced to Pampers in the hospital, after delivery, Initially little angel hated diaper changes; now, she smiles & even assists on getting a fresh diaper on! I love the yellow tabs-easy to see at night (and daytime-just makes it super easy), padding is superb! I cannot say enough! Beyond Highly Recommended! Price=not Ideal, but absolutely worth every cent! A MOMMY MUST!
these diapers are really good for a moving toddler.
I have used Pampers Swaddlers from day one with my son. They fit so well and the absorbency is great! You can feel when they need a diaper change but it is nice to be able to see him sitting in the floor playing and know he needs a change by the blue strip on the diaper! We love Pampers and would recommend them to everyone!
Number one diaper, fit is perfect love the Blue line indicator no more guessing game.
These diapers are a perfect match for my little ones. They seem to be very minimal in terms of their makeup and were very gental.
I have used Pampers for both of my daughters and was never disappointed. They are very comfortable and can hold on overnight. They are really soft and are a perfect fit without leaving any marks on baby's legs. Everyone should use pampers, their quality is great!
Great fit for my 4 month old. No leakage. I have used Papers since my son was a NICU. Pampers is the only brand that makes preemie diapers. Love them.
a good diaper with excellent absorbency...keeps the baby dry for a long time...especially at night ...
Great diapers that are worth the extra cost. Hold up well with no leaking.
These diapers fit the best out of any we've tried. They haven't leaked yet and baby loves them!
Once I switched to pampers by baby stopped having blowouts!!
Every other brand I tried leaked! I was going through multiple outfits a day and I was fed up! I switched to Swaddlers and we have had no more trouble!
Pampers is one of my favorite brands. Im a mommy of 4 and have used this brand with all of my kids. The swaddlers with the wet indicator are the best.
I just love those diapers. With my first son I used Huggies and seems we had always had some problems...absorbency wasn't that great. Now I have 10 month old girl twin and I use pampers from the day one.!!!! Great product ! I will recommend for every new mom and those with second ..third child !!! Thank you Pampers for making my daily life a bit easier !!!!!
Its a excellent product. I will definitely recommend this product to everyone
love this product... will always buy this product...its best
I was using Huggies snugglers , & they would leak every time my son had a dirty diaper , so I tried the Pampers Swaddlers and so far so good !! I'm very impressed
I have tried a few different diapers since having my son and I have decided to stick with the Pampers Swaddlers!! They are wonderful! Perfect fit and incredibly absorbent! My son had a bought of diarrhea a few months ago while I was using a different brand of diapers. His potty ended up everywhere, up his back, his legs, etc! I switched to the Swaddlers and was pleasantly surprised that everything stayed where it needed to and was kept away from his tushy. Very happy mom indeed! I won't go back to any other brand!! Thank-you
I have used pampers for all 3 of my girls, so i knew with my new baby i would continue to use pampers. At the hospital, i was introduced to the swaddlers. I love that there is a color changing strip to indicate if diaper is wet. At first when baby is first starting to eat and have dirty diapers in the hospital, it is so easy to keep track of wet diapers just by the color strip. The nurses told me about it when i had to keep track of her wet diapers!! I always buy pampers swaddlers for friends at baby showers, they are the best!! Also the umbilical cord notch for the first few weeks is so convenient!!
I love the wetness indicator to allow you to quickly see if your baby is wet or dry. The diapers absorb the wetness and mask the urine smell. They are super soft as well, compared to other diapers.
I like the yellow line in the center of the pamper that turns blue when your baby has wet the diaper.
I am very impressed with Pampers Swaddlers. I have 4 month twin boys and they have been using this brand since they were born. The hospital used it and coming home I continued. We have used another brand and even another type of Pampers specialty pamper and my babies will soak right through their clothes. But Pampers Swaddlers has the perfect fit and leak prevention for my babies.
Love this product. The best part is the wetness indicator.
These are the diapers that we were introduced to at the hospital. Although the regular Swaddlers are very good, these sensitive diapers have the moisture indicator. It is a yellow stripe that turns blue if there is any moisture in the diaper and we find it to be invaluable. Some may find it gimmicky, but when we first brought our baby home from the hospital, we didn't know about the sensitive vs. regular Swaddlers and had a pack of regular Swaddlers. We were also paranoid about ensuring he didn't become dehydrated. You need to count and track both the wet and soiled diapers. Since disposable diapers are now so over engineered, a mildly wet diaper is not always perceptible. After a panicked call to the pediatrician, she suggested putting a cotton ball or tissue in the diaper to see if there was indeed some moisture. If we had been using the sensitive Swaddlers from the start, we would have had more peace of mind because the blue strip would have been readily apparent.
We have used pampers from the very beginning! We love how soft they feel, and the color changing stripe! We have tried other brands(they were giving to us at the baby showers) but prefer pampers!
I have two grandsons in pampers swaddlers size 4 and by far they are the best diapers we have ever put on them.
My daughter and son in law have tried different brands but we decided it was best to come back to pampers and we made the switch initially to pampers baby dry then we decided to try the swaddlers and we were hooked. These are soft, comfortable, very absorbent, affordable, great fit, and we love the color changed to indicate when these two very active babies are wet. I am also loving the gifts to grow points that we get in order to get rewards!
We have used Swaddlers since our 8-month old twins were in the hospital as newborns. Each stage fits so well, and we have NEVER had a blow-out or a leak! We love Pampers!
Best product for my new born baby. Would recommend to my friends as a best pick for our cute babies
Great product especially @ night when baby's are in them longer.
We also love the indicator which makes it very convenient.
Pampers offer a great fit from newborn to pull ups.
The swaddlers worked awesome on our children. They have very sensitive skin and they were the only diapers that didn't break them out not to mention when they potty it turns blue to let you know it's time to change their diaper. We have a boy and a girl and they were a blessing for both of them I would definitely recommend them to every parent.
I am very pleased with this product. I felt very confident with it because these are the diapers that the hospital sent home with us for my premature daughter. She was able to wear them even when she still fit in the premie diapers and they have not leaked, whereas other brands have. And I just love the color strip that changes when wet. Thank you.
I like to use the Swaddlers for my infants. They seem to have the best fit with less likelihood of leaks.
Compared to other brands, these top the cake! Love the way they fit!
Great quality, highly impressed with absorbency and love the color changing stripe indicator :)
Excellent absorbency. Fewer leaks than other diapers. Very soft!
Love pampers. Our diaper of choice. Work really well at keeping our little man dry.
Love the Swaddlers!!! Pampers is the only brand that I use on both kiddos! And as a new mom with my first the "little blue line" is AMAZING!
I love how soft and absorbent the swaddlers are. It is also so helpful to have the wetness marker when baby is a newborn to keep track of output.
I Love Pampers diapers! I have used them for both of my daughters, and they are the best. I tried other diapers with my first daughter ant they didn't fit or absorb as good as pampers! She always seemed to leak through them! Now with my second daughter, I love that Pampers extended the swaddler sizes. Those are my favorite, and I was so glad that my daughter who wears size 5 can still wear them! The baby dry diapers are good, but swaddler a are the best!!!
These diapers were the only ones that fit our newborn when we brought her home. They made us very confident in keeping the messes under control when needed.
Good fit. Not a long hour diaper for overnight sleepers. Tend to leak but great for day time use.
These diapers are so soft. I am confident that my baby is extremely comfortable in them. These are the only diapers that doesn't give my daughter an allergic reaction or chemical burns/blisters. These diapers also hold so much. All other diapers that I have tried leak like crazy. Sure they leak sometimes overnight or when my daughter has an (ahem) explosion, but that is a given. The only thing I dislike about these diapers is that sometimes they feel damp on the outside, and it makes my daughters clothes damp. Not visually, but you can feel it. When I go to change her though, her skin is not super wet!
Have been using pampers for my 13 month old since she was a newborn. The wipes are soft and contain the right amount of moisture to do the job. Would not use any other brand.
I have a 13 month old, and she is quite a mover and shaker around the household. I love Pampers Swaddlers because they are contoured to her body shape. They are not bulky and squarely like the other diapers around. They fit like a glove on my baby's bottom. The absorbency on this diaper can not be beat...I can wait for over 2 hours to change her again without accidents are leakage. This diaper keeps my baby dry throughout the night and day. The value needs a little tweaking. Luvs diapers cost a little less, and even though I am a Pampers fan through and through sometimes I have a financial crunch, and begrudgingly have to resort to buying Luvs. I wish the diapers were the same price as Luvs or provide more specials at the stores. Other than the price of Pampers, I will always be a loyal customer when wallet permits :))
These were the first type of diapers we used for our child. I really liked the fit better thank huggies!
I absolutely love the Pamper Swaddlers. Have you used them for all 3 of my kids.
Pampers Baby Dry is truly an amazing diaper! My one year old stays comfortable & her diaper doesn't leak over night! She use to wake up in the middle of the night due to a really wet diaper, but that stopped when we started using baby dry!
These are the ONLY diapers I use, and trust! I love them so much!
We have always used Pampers diapers for our daughter, who is now almost two. When she was first born, we also tried Huggies as someone had given them to us at our baby shower, but they seemed to not fit as well and there were big gaps on the sides. We much preferred Pampers and continued to use those instead. I love the umbilical cord cutout for newborns, which made it so much easier those first couple of weeks. We also loved the dryness indicator so we knew how wet her diaper was by just looking at it. I recently tried the store brand of the overnight diapers and my daughter was waking up wet every day. So I went back to the Pamoers overnights and not a leak since! Pampers wipes are also my favorites. I know that with our next baby, I will definitely be using Pampers diapers and wipes again!
Pampers were the only brand we tried that my son didn't blow out. We could even go most of the night without having to change him because they were so absorbent.
This product is excellent in quality and fits great! I definitely recommend this brand to everyone!
this product is wonderful. i like the yellow line that turns blue whn we. sometimes i tend to changed the diaper too early but with these swaddle diapers it helps me save money and keeps my twins dry. the twins has not had any diaper rashes with this product.
Pampers fit my baby perfectly. They never leak, are super soft, and they smell great, too!
My daughter was born 2 months premature and the hospital used Pampers Swaddlers so when we came home we stayed with what we knew and kept on using them. A family member had bought us Huggies and they just didn't fit the same way as the Pampers. They have a good absorbency and she barely leaks out of the diapers. I would recommend them to anyone. Love Pampers brand!!
Love using pampers products.. I never have any problems with them
I have found that the pampers Swaddlers fit my daughter the best. I have been using the Swaddlers since she was born. The only downside is that she does tend to have blowouts up the back. I don't know if any diaper is capable of stopping that because I haven't found one yet. Over all, the Swaddlers are my favorite diaper. They are soft and I love the inner lining that helps keep her dry.
I'm a first time mom to a 16 month old. I've used nothing but Pampers since birth! I love them and they have never let me down, and will continue to use them for my next baby.
I love Pampers, they seem to keep my baby dry & comfortable more than any other brand. The Overnight ones are great, I love being able to get him up in the mornings and he has dry clothes.
Good product and reasonable priced diapers. Color change indicators is a plus.
I used Pampers Swaddlers my baby's first year. They are very soft, absorbent and I found the wet indicator line to be very helpful. They also fit my son well. He is lean, not chunky.
Pampers are always my go-to diaper for my active son. I have tried all the other brands and Pampers are by far the best. They don't leak, my son stays dry and he loves that sesame street is on them.
Loved Swaddlers for my newborn. As a first time parent, the yellow to blue stripe is so helpful - especially for dad to know when to change the little guy. :)
We LOVED Swaddlers for our newborn. They were the most absorbent of all the brands we tried. The wetness indicator is a great feature for new parents. Highly recommend!
We have used Pampers exclusively since our daughter was born. We love them and won't switch! Great quality!!!
Pampers diapers keep my little girl dry all the time. I love the way they are soft and comfortable for her little bottom.
Really loved these diapers especially when I brought my son home because they have the indicator line to show when they are wet. They also took on the worst messes without leaking or smelling like many of the other brands of diapers.
I love pampers swaddlers they are soft and they fit my little one just right. I feel that he is very comfortable in them.
Cruisers are great for active babies! They hold up really well when my son is playing outside. They aren't the best for night time unless you change them in the middle of the night.
I am very satisfied with all my pampers purchases particularly baby dry. Keeps my little one dry the entire night.
My sister in laws recommend these when I had my baby and they have 4 kids between them. They are the only ones I will use! I even brought some to the hospital when I had my daughter but they had them already!!
The swaddlers are great. I love how they have the wetness indicator up to size 5, compared to size 3 of leading brands.
I have tried using other brand name diapers for both of my children in a 4 year period. I always go back to my favorite and preferred brand...Pampers. The quality of the diapers are the best.
I like swaddlers but prefer baby dry,
swaddlers keep my little lady dry but there seams to be a max out of three to four hours.
We've used several different types of Pampers and have been very happy with all of them. They fit well and do a great job at containing most messes. We've yet- 6 months in- had to get up in the middle of the night due to crying over a wet diaper!
We've tried a few different brands and the Pampers Swaddlers are by far the best. the fit and comfort of these are much better than other brands. they also seem to hold more without leaking. I also love that they have a wetness indicator :)
Love these wipes.they are great for sensitive skin or dashed bottoms
Best for a babies bottom! So sensitive and still love them!
I used pampers for my 1st child & now second. Love these.
I really like the swaddlers diapers! I love the wetness indicator. Even though I am not a "new" mom anymore and know when to change a diaper, i still buy this kind. I think it helps when others take care of my little one to know when to change the baby. The fit is excellent and wraps around my little one real well. I especially like this diaper for over the night time. The absorbency is excellent!
I loved the Swaddlers diapers. I loved using them when my son was a newborn and using the wetness indicator. The diaper was soft and worked great.
The quality of Pampers is second to none. They are the only diapers I use!
Great product. A little expensive but worth every penny.
I like this product very much, it has great quality. Is super soft and strong.
They are our go-to diapers for overnight. No problems with diaper rash.
I love Pampers more than any other brand I've tried. They're super absorbent, do not leak, soft and gentle on baby's skin. I also like the fact that they do not smell like urine as soon as baby wets the diaper.
Feel very soft, feel soft extremely absorbent. I would recommend these diapers to my friends and family.
I love Pampers. Its the best for my son than any other brand.
I've used almost every brand of diaper and Swaddlers by far are the all around best when it comes to keeping baby dry and the fit is always good even with my baby who's now on the move. I will definitely continue to use Swaddlers and always recommend them to other mom's. They are the more expensive disposable diapers on the market, but in this case, you get what you pay for.
Love how absorbent they are also the wetness indicator is the best thing ..Also I love how my child adapted to pampers and didn't have any allergic reactions to them....Overall I'm super happy with the product
The hospital used Swaddlers where my son was born. I loved them right away! I liked that I could see when he was wet! A friend gave me other brands to try but I kept going back to Pampers! Love them!!
I loved pampers swaddled when both of my kids were small. They are perfect for newborns they have a cut out for new babies umbilical cord. They keep them dry and comfortable. Thank you pampers!
Glad they increased the sizes. Andthe swaddlers smell soooo good
We have tried several types of diapers, and these have had the best leak protection down the legs, on the sides, and up the back. Our son also lasts longer in each size compared to other brands. They are a bit pricey, but the decreased blow-outs are worth it! We are now on size 4!
I've tried two other brands of diapers & neither compared to Pampers. I just kept coming back to Pampers. Don't have to worry about leaks & my son has never had diaper rash. I only wish they were a bit cheaper but I believe you get what you pay for with diapers. Overall the best diaper from my experience!
I used swaddlers on both my girls and loved them. I tried using other brands, but always had blow-out more often than with these!
So I had a couple "other brand" diapers that were a gift, I tried them, and they do not stand up to Pampers! I have since thrown out the last few I had of the "other brand", and am happy to be back to my Pampers supply! The Pampers Swaddlers are fabric-like, where the "other brand" I noticed were almost like plastic... which meant any wet/dirty diaper was just contained and not absorbed. Plus Pampers is the only diaper I've seen so far that has the wet indicator line, which is truly helpful when checking baby while sleeping... prevents from any unnecessary changings.
on my first child I tried of the bands and I have found pampers to be the best, and that's the only brand I have used my last 2 children
Like most parents we tried other diapers to save money, but Swaddlers are by far and away the best! I love that they now carry them in bigger sizes.
Best diaper for newborns and new parents. Love the wet line indicator. Makes changing diapers easier bc it takes out the guessing if they wet or not
I have twin girls and use Pampers exclusively. Highly satisfied!
I love pampers they are better quality than the competion. I have used pampers for both of my daughters.
What can i say I love Pampers brand products! Any other just won't do. I have 4 kiddos and have used Pampers products with them all. Nothing compares to them. Their wipes are wonderful and sturdy, I've tried the other high end wips and they tear as I pull them out of the wipe warmer but not pampers wipes. As far as diapers Pampers works best for my kids. Keeps them dry and very few to no accidents.
I love how the line turns color so you know when there wet.
Best diapers ever! We use for our twins everyday. I don't have to worry about them being wet or leaking.
I love how soft and dry they are on my son's bottom. I am in love with the blue line that appears once he has gone to the bathroom. And he never leaks out of them!
I have tried SEVERAL different brands of diapers ( just about all there is out there) and swaddled from pampers are great! Others you grt out of the package and they feel stiff. Who would want to wear something like that for hours? They aee absorbent and fit my son wonderfully!
I love pampers brand. Both my kids have been pampers babies and I wouldn't change to another brand at all. Pampers for us are the best because we never have a problem with leaks and my 7 month old sleeps 12 hours and wakes up dry! Love pampers, I recommend them to all my new mommy to be friends
On a scale of 1-10, I give pampers a 9 but only because they are expensive. I love everything about them, the flexibility in the waist (my sons a little on the chubbier side), the color strip (I love how the strip only turns blue where your child is wet; meaning if the diaper is only half full, the line will stop where it isn't wet!) the absorbency (they hold a ton; sometimes I can't even believe how heavy the diapers can get when changing them), the length, (I feel like they sit up a bit higher than other diapers which helps with blow outs), and they are soft, flexible and comfortable. So much more than any other diaper I have tried!
Pampers Swaddlers are by far my favorite diaper! They are the most absorbent for overnight use. My son used the Swaddlers all the time until he started to walk. Now we use them as our "night night" diaper.
Pampers Swaddlers diapers have been amazing for my little guy. We tried a handful of other diapers that we had received from a diaper party before hew as born and they just don't fit the same. Other diapers would gap around the thigh and leak if not worn "just so". Swaddlers have always been a reliable diaper from N to now in size 2. We always put him in Swaddlers when we go out because we know they are fool proof!
Pampers by far are the most leak resistant diaper. Ive tried huggies and luvs they just dont absorb as much.
I'm a huge fan of the wetness indicator and diaper.
Swaddlers are the best for my son. The yellow stripe keeps him extra dry and the fit is always great.
I have tried just about every brand of diapers out there. Pampers has the best quality by far. I've never experienced leaks with Pampers. I find they fit my son, who is on the smaller end of the growth chart, very well compared to other brands. I LOVE PAMPERS!!!
This diaper is so soft, I wouldn't put my baby in anything else!
I love Pampers Swaddlers! I have tried most of the other brands and they don't hold up the way Pampers do. My son can sleep all night without waking up to a leak. It makes my life so much easier, and it is more comfortable for him as well! These are the only kind I buy!!
I love the pampers diapers! They fit my little man amazingly he was born premature so you guys have the best fitting diapers for Premiee diapers!
Fit great and soft on my newborn! Even hospital used them!
We love Pampers in the Ibarra house! Every other diaper we have tried pales in comparison to Swaddlers. We will never use another brand.
Pampers diapers are great. They fit my baby just right.
Love this product!!! I always buy pampers products.
We love pampers swaddlers newborn size!! We thought we would only need one box but our baby was born two weeks early at 5lbs 7oz and so we are on our second box now. Love the net lining - definitely keeps her dry. Never had a leakage so far!
I've tried different brands and even different Pampers' styles and I always end up back at the swaddlers. These diapers are wonderful! Highly recommended!
I have 4 children and I have tried to use other diapers and these are the only diapers that do not break my children out!
We found swaddlers product line to be the most absorbent and consistently absorbent diaper. No leaks or accidents that I recall. Definitely recommend.
I prefer to buy pampers products over any other products. The best thing I like about pampers is its dryness.
I have only used Pampers Swaddlers for my son. To me, they are dependable and soft. There is no need to use anything else!
I really like all the Pampers products I do think they should leak less
I love how these hold up on our newly mobile baby.
We use Baby Dry diapers at night and on car trips. Anytime you need a diaper to last >10 hours, use this style. I was so happy when my daughter started sleeping thru the night and no longer needed to get up to feed. Using Baby Dry allowed her to sleep all night and not need a diaper change!
Pampers is the best diaper in town. No other brand compares to their quality.
Our little one loves her Pampers! As new parents we love the blue line, the fresh smell, and protection.
I love the pampers diapers for newborns and size ones. They are good to keep my baby dry!
If you need to cut costs when the little one arrives- definetly don't go the cheaper route when it comes to diapers. I have tried all of the other leading brands, to cut costs on the diaper buying. Totally not worth, it save your time and money and just start with Pampers! My daughter has never had a leak from one and she is 16 months. Thank you!
I have used these diapers for both of my children, I love them. But I find with my son that they some times leak.
Excellent quality diapers. Fit is perfect, my son stays dry all night which means he will sleep through the night and so will mom and dad.
Especially for newborns, I like the Pampers Swaddlers best. They are soft, come higher up the back than most diapers to prevent overflow and just seem to fit best overall.
We have used Pampers Swaddlers for both of our daughters. We will only use Pampers diapers, because they are the only ones that work!
My LO was quite small, so I really liked that it came in newborn even though that was even too big for his skinny bottom. Also I liked that it was free of dyes and perfumes and soft. It didn't feel very rigid and seemed more comforable to wear.
Absorbancy was so-so because either he was too small for each size or the fit was wrong for his body, the diaper would leak after a very large and forceful bowel movement.
The swaddlers diaper is perfect for newborns and no other diaper compares to the Pampers brand!
I love how these diapers fit. They make it easy to tell when she needs changed just by the feel of them and the line in the middle of the diaper. Great diaper for the price.
Pampers have made me a diaper snob! I'm on my third baby and have tried out every kind of diaper made. Pampers swaddlers are by far the best! They are super absorbent, flexible and smell good too! :)
I love pampers...they fit my baby well and they dont leak out anything.
I've tried all different brands of diapers and figured out fast that Pampers definitely fit the best and absorb the most. Pampers is the only brand I will buy!
Product absorbs wery well. I love the wetness indicator. It makes it easier to tell if hes wet without smelling or feeling his diaper. My huaband especially loves it since he can never tell if hes wet without the indicator. The only brand of diapers ive bought since i started using them. Pampers are a great product. highly recommend.
My daugther wakes up dry!! I used another product that was bought for us and quickly switched right back to Pampers!!
I absolutely love this product for my child. The absorbency is like no other! Pampers products fit my child better than any other out there and provide the most protection.
I've got a sensitive bottomed baby & swaddlers are the only diaper that doesn't cause him discomfort. Thank you pampers!
Its what they provided for us in the hospital so its what
I trust now
We've used swaddlers since day one when our son was born, because that's what they used in the hospital as well. They fit snug, they are soft on her bottom, and the best part NO LEAKS! and I don't notice any diaper rash.
I would recommend this for all new borns!!!
Pampers swaddlers are top notch! They have an excellent fit on my newborn.
The pampers diapers have always worked for us. We were in the hospital when my son was 10months and they used pampers as well!
I've tried Pampers, Huggies, Up & Up and Luvs... out of all of those, Pampers has been the best for my son. They've had the occasional leak, but nothing like the others. Pampers also keeps his skin drier than the others. I won't buy anything else!
Absolutely love Pampers!! Great quality and fit for the baby on the go! Very soft feel and don't leak!! Love the product!
The pull-up are easy for my son to use and it teaches him along the way as well.
When my son was first born I tried many different brands of diapers. I have yet to find a better diaper than the ones pampers makes. My son has never leaked out of them and is always comfortable. They fit perfectly and not only do the diapers come in regular but they also come in sensitive! Although they are very pricey, it's worth it when you are actually using less diapers because they are so absorbant!
Pampers diapers are ingenious! The spot for umbilical cord, the wetness strip...they make first time parenting easy! I've used pampers for both of my children (11 months and 10 years)....pampers over the 10 years has only gotten better. Way to challenge yourself pampers and to give us the best product for our baby's booties.
Our family loves these diapers. My daughter has been a Pampers baby since birth. For an active little baby, we have very few leaks.
I have tried other diapers and pampers by far beats them all. I use pampers and will always use pampers. Going to use them when my wife and I decide to have our second child!!!
My baby began wearing these diapers at the hospital, and we continued to use them when we took her home. They have an excellent fit and I really like the wetness indicator line. We will continue to use these until she out grows the size five.
Pampers have yet to let me down. These diapers are great. They fit my son perfect!
I love pampers diapers for my boys! I was so excited when I had seen that swaddlers were going to be offered in size fives! They are so soft and have a great fit for my two boys.
We have a 9 month old foster baby boy. When he came to us he came with other brand diapers and they were constantly oversoaked....escpecially at night. Since switching to Pampers Swaddlers we have all been a lot happier and drier.
Have had great no leaking with these diapers , very pleased.
I have used pampers with all of my children. Always happy with the quality. Never a diaper rash because of such great products!
Other brands have a plastic feel to the diaper and wipes. Pampers are soft on my baby's skin.
I only purchase Pampers Swaddlers for my daughter. I was given other name brand diapers and they for horrible and leaked. The other diapers I ended up giving away and just buying what works best and that is Pampers Swaddlers. Defiantly worth the money!
We are exclusive Pampers brand users for both of our children (a boy and a girl). I have used other brands and we prefer Pampers for the fit and lack of leaks!
Keeps my baby very dry over night and rarely leak.
Always used these when my son was a newborn and now we are back in them since they come in bigger sizes now!
We love pampers when our baby was born we used swaddlers till we went into size two. We loved the wetness strip so helpful for us new parents.
Swaddlers are the best diaper, and the only one that I would use on my newborns. They are soft yet super strength. My favorite by far.
We were given several brands of diapers at baby showers, but Pampers Swaddlers have been the best for our little boy since day 1! Leaking is minimal (it only happens when it's time to go up a size!) and fit is great!
I had my first child in October and would recommend nothing but pampers saddlers. I have never had a problem with diaper rash, love the wetness indicator, fit and absorbency!
I tried other brands but this one is by far the best. Rarely ever leaks and great fit.
great product for babies , especially boys and for sensitive skin
This is my 2nd time around with 15 years between. First time around I went with Huggies. Decided to give pampers a try this time around. I couldn't be more happy!
Ive always been a fan of pampers and swaddlers i used them when he was a newborn and all the way till size 3 now that they offer bigger size i absolutly love there great for during the day and stretch soo much to give your child comfort.
I would not use any diaper other then pampers. They fit my baby nicely. The pattern is cute as well. I have had no leaks or messes yet. The diapers keep her dry. I love the blue line that lets you know when she is wet at a quick glance. She sleeps longer in a wet diaper because these diapers absorb nicely. I would recommend them to anyone.
Comfortable fit around legs. Gentle on baby's soft skin.
The cord notch was amazing and the wetness indicator as well. I never imagined we would be using newborn diapers when our son was born because he was expected to be bigger than he actually was at birth. The hospital supplied us with Pampers diapers and we had several packages at home given to us by family and friends
I love everything about pampers! Keep up the great work!
They are the only diapers I will ever use! My baby girl will sleep 10 hours at night and they do not leak. I recommend these diapers to anyone!
I have used Pampers Overnites with both of my boys. Regular Pampers just didn't hold enough for those long sleeps. Overnites are exactly what we needed for the boys to wake up dry and happy!
We tried multiple brands of diapers -- Pampers were the only ones our little one didn't soak through!
The diapers are great. Very absorbant without over drying and preventing baby from alerting parent. The outside wetness indicator is great, especially for my husband who can't tell otherwise
I love love that you have these in biggest sizes now because I loved them when my son was smaller and now that he is bigger I am loving them again! They work very well and aren't as expensive as the ones I usually buy so I opted for these and I think I will continue to buy them because they don't have the diapers I usually buy everywhere and these they do.
I tried both Huggies and Pampers with my newborn and I loved Pampers swaddlers. The difference was in the absorbency and the value of the diaper. I am proud to be a swaddler user.
I first tried the Pampers brand 8 years ago with my first son. We were not satisfied. My 2nd son was born Feb. 10, 2014, and we decided to try the Pampers Swaddlers. They are perfect for him, and we've been using them since. The other brands I received at my shower have been returned and exchanged for Swaddlers. Comfort and absorbency were a major problem 8 years ago, but now my expectations have been exceeded. The 12 hour dryness guarantee is believable. My son slept 8 hours through the night, and even though his diaper was soaked, his skin was still dry. Thank you for improving the quality of your product, and I am glad to know that Swaddlers are available through size 5. This is the only kind we will be using! :-)
These baby dry diapers are the only diapers I will use on my little one at night. I've tried every other diaper out there and this is the only one that offers protection from wetness throughout the entire night.
I love, love, love swaddlers for my 17 month old son. They keep him very dry throughout the day and night!
We love Pampers!
My little one has used these and sensitive swaddles because like her mom she is a red head with fair skin. I love Pampers. I worked in a daycare for 4 years before becoming a first time mom and now stay at home mom. I have seen every time of diaper used. Pampers are the best. I know people like to go cheap but to me these are worth every penny. I would rather have a happy baby rash free than dealing with her being in pain. Thank you for such a great product!
My 6 month old has used these diapers since day one and I haven't had a problem yet...Our family is strictly Pampers users!
We have tried several different types of disposable diapers and all of them have been too harsh for my babies sensitive skin. Pampers have been the only ones to be gentle enough for her and absorbent enough for me.
I love the swaddlers they are my favorite pampers diapers.
I love these. My daughter, which is 21 months old, has used these since she was born. I will not buy any other brand. Thank you for making them in bigger sizes now.
Better absorbency then any other diaper that I tried.
They are a bit more expensive than other brands but I love the wetness indicator and the leak prevention!
I would never use anything other than pampers. All of their products are excellent!
I have used Pampers Swaddlers with all three of my children, they are great! I have never and will never use another brand!
Swaddlers were the perfect diaper to use for my baby when she was a newborn. I tried other brands but didn't feel like they held up to the quality of Pampers.
Pampers are more expensive than generic brands, but the softest I've found. The color-changing wetness indicator is very convenient so you don't have to undo the onesie to see if your baby needs a diaper change.
The only diaper I buy. Always locks in wetness. I've never had any issues with these diapers unlike other brands.
Our family really enjoyed using pampers swaddlers when our son was a newborn! The indicator line sure makes it easy when they are so little!
We used Pampers swaddlers with our newborn and loved them. First of all, they fit very well so no leaks. Secondly, the stripe indicating wetness is a huge help during the very busy and exhausting newborn weeks! Most importantly, the diapers were soft and comfortable for my sweet boy's skin.
Good feel. Love the smell and how they dont seem to cause diaper rash.
These are my favorite diapers. They are a great value for the quality of the product.
I love how well swaddlers absorb the wetness so my daughter stays dry and since her cord has not yet fallen off I love the cut out for her cord so she is not uncomfortable and it can air out more easily.
Just recently my husband and I had a son, born 3 months premature at 1 lbs, 13 ounces on November 2012. Through-out his stay at the NICU, the hospital used Pampers Swaddlers Premie. We've recently moved up to Pampers Size 5 and ever since been with Pamper Swaddlers. The softness, comfortability, and quality says it all. I recommend fully the pampers swaddlers. They've kept my little one dry and happy.
These diapers are the only ones I use.on my baby girl. We first got them at the hospital when she was born and I love them. When we got home with her I had a few other brands that were Givin to me at my baby shower. I gave them a try thinking they would work I mean they r name brand but nope. They leaked threw, made her break out, didn't fit right just to name a few issues. Needless to say I ended up donating the open packages of the other brands and returning the unopened ones to buy the swaddlers. I'm so happy they go to a size 5 now bc even tho my little girl is only 3months old I want these to be the only diapers she wears if possible :)
Great product. i would recommend . Good absorvency
They did not have swaddlers when my 2 oldest were babies but I used pampers ! and then I had 4 more kids in the last 7 years and we always use swaddlers, we were SO excited when they made them in bigger sizes too ! Best product ever !
these diapers are very convenient with the wetness indicator. the absorbency is good.
There are never any "surprises" with Pampers. You know you'll get great quality every time. I have tried other diapers and never have the same level of confidence that I have with Pampers. So glad that Swaddlers are available in larger sizes now as my little one is growing so quickly!
I have used Pampers Swaddlers since my twins were in Preemie size. They are more absorbent than other brands we tried, and soft on babies' skin. Wouldn't use any other brand!
I've tried many brands of diapers, but Pampers is by far the best fit and quality.
Love these diapers. Especially for newborns and infants. They are soft and gentle on baby's delicate skin.
Best diapers on the market. Keep my baby comfortable and dry.
Pampers diapers are great product. I have tried Huggies and other brands but Pampers has better fit and more aborsercy.
Comfortable diapers, do not soak. Child feels great, not waking up at night
Swaddlers are great. Fit well and keep baby dry. Wld def recommend
Great fit and great absorbency. We have a boy who wear these and there are never any leakage.
I only use pampers for my daughter, first it was diapers and now we are on to the pull-ups. Never any leaks and always comfy for her! Overall wonderful product and brand!
Both of my kids wore pampers diapers and used pampers wipes.....LOVE THEM!
From day 1 we have used swaddlers and nothing else. Tried and true,
I have used these since my daughter turned 2 mths and they are wonderful. I love the wetness indicator.
I refuse to buy any other brand. even for pampers I prefer the swaddlers.
I love Pampers Swaddlers diapers. They fit my child perfectly and we love the wetness indicator. It really helps us. We have never had any problems with Pampers Swaddlers diapers.
For a new mom that "wet" line was priceless. Added the absorbnsy was amazing and lasted the evening.
I love the way the fit my little guy. They absorb well and don't leak. I love the blue indicator strip that makes your life easier having a visual. Other brands haven't been as absorbant. Some brands aren't sensitive enough or they don't hold up for as long. This is defiantly the best for your money.
I used Swaddler's on both of my boys. They were the best overall and we had very few leaks and other messes. They were gentle on my baby's skin.
Reliable quality we can depend on. Love Swadlers and have used them from day 1 (our daughter is now 9 months).
I love it my baby always dryness she move more fast
I enjoy using pampers swaddlers because they do not irritate my babys bottom and they seem to hold very well. There are little to no messes when she goes #2!
I only use pampers! The only product that never gave me any problems.
Pampers cruisers are they best they work so well with my active child. If your child is on the move it's definitely time to move on from the pampers swaddlers and into the cruisers
I am currently using Swaddlers size 3 for my third child. I was so excited to hear that Swaddlers were coming in bigger sizes. With my older children I always wished the Swaddlers came in bigger sizes. The softness of the diaper is the biggest plus in my book. No scratched thighs! Also, the dryness factor is amazing. Once my baby starts crawling I'll be moving her to Cruisers as they seem to move a little better with the child.
We love these diapers because they don't get super bulky! We love the way they feel!
Swaddlers is the best brand fort baby. It keeps her dry and rash free. Will definitely stick to this brand.
I LOVE the wetness indicator! Takes the guess work out of gauging just how much my lil one has wet his diaper. And as a plus, they are sooooo soft and keep my lil man dry. They're almost as soft as freshly laundered cloth!
I really like Pampers Swaddlers. I used a different brand for my older child and was constantly disappointed by it not absorbing well and then I made the switch. For my second child I didn't use any brand but Pampers Swaddlers from the very start. The only problem is that after size 3, it doesn't work well for overnight. I ended up switching to Pampers Cruisers which work great overnight. I still like Swaddlers as a daytime diaper but it doesn't last all night and my children would wake up in the night soaked.
Your wipes are wonderful along with your diapers!!
I usually pampers because the quality is much better than other diapers. But the price is little higher than others, but it worth to pay for the value. No leaks, stay dry and no rush, my baby is happier than any others. I will keep continue to use Pampers.
I was extremely happy when they started to make the swaddlers in a larger size it was my favorite diaper sad that we are potty training and more use for the
I have tried several diapers for my little one and pampers are by far the best. They are very absorbent and they don't irritate my baby's skin either.
Used these diapers for my son as a newborn and he did great with them! Never had a bad rash or irritation caused by the diaper. He didn't really ever leak out of them and they contained blow outs pretty well... as best as they could ;)
Great quality and great feelings to baby... babies are god gift and these products are god gifted ti them
We really liked this product, will definitely buy again.
I love Pampers Swaddlers diapers. I think they are the best for the newborn due to their softness. You know your baby was comfy in your belly so why not continue the comfort outside of your belly?
I got these at our baby shower and used them for our first born. They are great diapers and I really love the wetness indicator. However I did switch to the swaddler sensitive as a personal preference.
Swaddlers are great for new babies. The softness is unmatched.
I have 3 children. Two of them now have a child of their own. I gave birth to my first child in 1993. I've tried Huggies and Luvs because others gave them to me at my baby shower. The other brands can't even hold a candle to the quality as Pampers. Pampers never leak and hold more moisture and keep them rash free. I bought them for my children and now my grandchildren. My mom said she also used Pampers on me as an infant. I won't buy any other brand ever, no matter the cost.
Pampers are the only diapers that I'll use on my little guy.
We've tried other "bargain brands" but they aren't a bargain when we have to change the diaper twice as much due to leaks and blow outs!
When I had my son 15 years ago I tried all the different brands of diapers. Pampers were best back then so I had no question what I would be using when I had my daughter 15 years later. Pampers have never disappointed!
We used the Pampers Swaddlers brand for our baby when she was 0-9 months. During that time, we also tried other diaper brands to test which worked best for us. The Pampers were, hands down, the best diaper we used. She stayed drier longer, the fit was great, and we loved the little blue line indicator that let us know when she was wet at a younger age when it is hard to tell. Overall, the best product out there for us. It was also worth choosing them over the cheaper brands which leaked quicker and didn't leave her as dry, causing diaper rash.
I love this item bc it lets me know when my little one is wet right away!! No guessing!!!
Love how good they smell and how absorbing they are!!!! Used with my 2 boys
I have used pampers with three children now. They are definitely worth the little extra money over value and other brands. I have tried the "store brands" a couple of times and they just weren't as soft, absorbent, or fit as well as pampers have. I would recommend them to any new mom!
I love pampers swaddlers! They are the only diapers that fit on my daughter
I love the pampers swaddler diaper because there is a yellow color line that will change into blue color that will tells you if its wet. Thanks to this invention that makes my life easier.
These are by far our favorite diapers. We received so many different styles and brands as gifts but returned all of them for swaddlers.
My first child is 8 years old so I felt lost trying to find a brand of diapher, but I love the color changing indicators and I love the lil cut out for the umbilical cord
The fit and comfort is awesome for my baby. The quality as well, after we had a diaper burn issue with a Huggies brand diaper, I don't buy any other brand. Only Pampers :)
I've never purchased any other brand of diapers. Pampers is by far the best choice for my baby, because babies deserve the best!
The Pampers Swaddlers are made for the curves of your newborn baby! I love the color-changing indicator for the times you just can't tell and it's so much easier than taking the baby's outfit off! You definitely pay for what you get with these diapers which is the highest quality on the market. You could pay less, but you will end up changing more diapers!
These are the best diapers, I wouldn't trust anything else on my newborn and I used these diapers with my first daughter all the way up to size 5.
My hubby and I really love Pampers Swaddlers and out little one does as well. We get no leaks at all and the sizing is just perfect for her. And the fact that it tells us when we need to change the diaper has been such a blessing! Will be using it all through the newly added size 5.
best diapers ever. I hear people say they have to deal with leaky diapers and diaper rash, not me. I have had 4 children and its the only one I trust
I am a new mother and my baby is now 8 weeks old. At the hospital the first diaper placed on my baby was pampers. During the course of my many baby showers I was given Pampers, Huggies, Luvs and a Publix brand pack of diapers. I started off using my Pampers and then used the other brands of diapers I had in stock. None of the diapers fit like Pampers and I felt like the Pampers kept her drier and I just felt better using them. Now that I have rotated through all the other brands I can say with confidence that Pampers will be the only diapers that I will use for my baby!
This is the brand that my hospital uses and I love them. We tried off brand for a while and we just had to switch back.
Its a good diaper keep my baby happy and dry specially though the night.
This is the best diaper!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
These are the only diapers I will use. The hospital have me huggies, so I sent my husband to the store to get me pampers while I was in the hospital!
Pampers are great products!! They hold in the biggest messes!
We only use Pampers Swaddlers... they are by far the best for us and our son!
These are great diapers! Fit is wonderful with enough stretch to be comfy for baby. Keeps little one dry and does not leak like some other diapers I have tried. These are my top choice brand/type of diaper.
I love pampers they fit well and keep my sweet boy dry all night!! Excellent products
Swaddlers are the best! They work great with newborns and continue to fit well while the grow! My preemie has loved pampers!! NICU approved!!
Great diaper! Use from the 1st day our daugther was born and will be using again for our 2nd child.
Great diaper for newborns and growing babies. Fit is great! My baby can sleep through the night without a diaper change
I love pamper swadlers very comfortable . My baby stays dry at all times.
I love pampers. Both of my kids have used pampers and I have never had any problems
I have two children and have always used Pamper products. I will never use anything else. Pampers is always great quality and I can guarntee it to be sentsitive enough for my children skin.
Excellent product @ great price. That's the only brand I trust.
My husband and I love the wetness indicator. Sometimes we can hear our daughter's bowel movement and watch the indicator change colors immediately. It is so accurate and really helps us keep our baby girl happy and clean without disturbing her for no reason!
Love the strip to tell if diaper is wet or dry.
I only use pampers diapers and wipes
Love the swaddlers! They have been great with my twins from birth to size 4 so far!
I have tried other brands but pampers have defiantly out showed them 110%. I have two little ones in diapers and pampers is all I buy. They both have very sensitive skin and pampers are the only ones that don't make them break out.
I've used pampers since I've had my little girl. She's now two and we're still using pampers! They're amazing products. They are great quality and hold to the test of a busy, active toddler!!
I love Swaddlers. They are super absorbent. The umbilical Cord notch and wetness indicator are convenient. Plus they have a great smell!
Swaddlers were the only diapers that didn't leak through on my son. We tried them all.
These diapers are head and shoulders above other brands. They fit better, keep her dryer and have fewer blowouts. The only thing I would change is a deeper umbilical notch, but we just fold the top down and it's a non-issue.
I know when it comes to our children we always want to provide the best, well these really are!

They are super soft, malleable, prevent leaks! which is awesome they are just the perfect fit

A must have for all little angels bottoms :-)
PAMPERS Swaddlers are perfect for my new baby. they fit very nice and insures dryness and comfort
I have tried almost every other brand of diaper and there is no other diaper that provides the comfort, dryness and value as the Swaddlers product.
These diapers are great especially for a newborn baby. They are so soft and absorbent perfect for a new baby's bottom. I would recommend these diapers to everyone!
The only time I ever have a problem is when my baby has diarrhea, but that is to be expected.
I used these with both my babies. They dont leak like huggies or the exchange brand.
We are expecting our second son, just like the first we will only use Pampers! My sister recommended them to us with our first and she was right, they never let you down! We especially LOVE the swaddlers and were thrilled when they launched into the larger sizes so we never needed anything else! Thanks Pampers!
even though LO has ultra sensitive skin. This one does not have the annoying mesh lining that sticks to his butt and the wetness indicator is dark and clear. They hold a little better than the sensitive diapers as well.
I'm a mother of twins girls and I love these diapers Ive used other brands but I prefer pampers brand. The diapers pulls moister away from the skin , which is a must for me as my girls have sensitive skin therefore helps prevent diaper rash. This is my brand of choice!!
The fit is great, never have I experienced any leaks and I change tons of diapers (I have twins!!).
We used the swaddled on our daughter who is now 5 and are using them on our 4 month old son now. They fit the best compared to the other brands we have tried.
I love that Pamapers have the wetness indicator and fit a lot better than other brands I have tried. The swaddlers fit better than the dry ones and those do not have the indicator on them. I think all diaper brands should have the indicator on them. Also I would buy pampers a lot more for my child is they weren't so expensive. Or if I received coupons that were scanable from a mobile phone because I do not have a computer with internet and a printer.
This is the one diaper I feel 100% confident putting on my baby!
The best of the best. I recommend pampers to all of as
After trying numerous brands of diapers I've found the only diapers that won't leak, and she's not allergic to are pampers!
Great for walking babies and over night I love this product
This is a Great product!! I love the color changing wetness indicator.
As a busy mom, constantly on the go, it's wonderful to know that you can depend on Pampers. My toddler, who never slows down, has never had a leak and stays dry and comfortable throughout the night. Having tried other brands, it's clear that you get what you pay for. I would never put my child in anything but Pampers!!
I love swaddlers for newborns because of how soft they are.
Pampers always offers a great product. We were given different brands at our baby showers and with this being or first baby we were open to comparing and soon found pampers to be our favorite. The wetness indicator is very handy. Very absorbent and provides a perfect fit. Kreyos a very fresh sent as well.
Love the color change stripe when the diaper is wet
Love them and used them for both of my children. I love they make them in bigger sizes now
I've loved Pampers Swaddlers since my 7 year old was born, so I was so excited when the bigger sizes came out. Love the softness and absorbency!
I love Pampers Swaddlers diapers. They are the best. It's the only brand I will use for my daughter.
Kept my son dry and comfy, pampers never let's is down
These are my favorite! Perfect fit, VERY absorbent,
Pampers Swaddlers are perfect for my baby. they fit very nice and insures dryness and comfort
These were the diapers that were used in the hospital so we continued to get them when we got home. We've tried others that were on sale but always end up back with Pampers Swaddlers
I have 3 kids and after trying a lot of other brands I only use Pampers! Best fit, comfort and absorbency and that's what matters most!
We tried several types of diapers when my son was born. Pampers Swaddlers fit him best and offered the best protection. Other brands just didn't fit him well and we had several leaks. We've had very few leaks since we've started using Pampers Swaddlers. They are well worth the cost.
Pampers swaddlers are by far the softest and most gentle diapers. I have tried the competition and must say Pampers is where my loyalty lies.
I have tried other brands with my son, but this is the only one that would not leak. I am an avid user of Pampers Swaddlers!
Pampers swaddlers diapers is a great qaulity diaper to use. I always purchase this product!
I love pampers swaddlers size 5 they are the best. They are the only diapers I use and work really well for my baby. Thanks for making them.
We loved pampers swaddlers for our newborn. Now that she is older & fills the diapers quicker we love the baby dry. My mother just today said wow, can't believe the diaper can hold that much.
Love swaddlers for newborns!! The are really great for little babies and the umbilical cord notch makes it super easy and worry free!!
I love swaddlers. I've been using them since birth. I love the wetness indicator as well. I don't mind paying a little more for these soft and comfy diapers.
on other diapers my baby would wake up wet but with pampers he wakes up happy and dry.
We've tried several types of diapers including the baby dry and the swaddlers are by far the best. They don't have the smell the baby dry do and I love the wetness indicator.
When our son was born we first used diapers that other people had given us. We quickly found that the best choice for our new little one were the Pampers Swaddlers. He was a little bitty thing (6 pounds, 6 ounces) when we brought him home. At first the newborn diapers were just a tad bit too big, but he quickly grew into them. Pampers are the ONLY diapers we tried that did not leak! He now is 6 months old and is sleeping through the night. Unlike many of our friends, our son does not ever leak and require his sheets, pj's and diaper to be changed in the middle of the night. He usually goes from 7pm to 7am without a diaper change. The absorbency is awesome and he stays dry and happy!
I've enjoyed all Pampers products that I've used so far. Sizing seems a little off to me, but every baby is different.
I've tried all of the major brands, and these do the best job of keeping moisture away from my baby's skin. They are great for overnight use!
I love pampers, they are one of the only diapers that work for my daughter.
Pampers swaddlers were the diaper I had trusted for both of my children from day one. The notch for the umbilical cord and the wetness indicators are a great convenience for new mothers and fathers. I preferred using sensitive in the beginning but the regular swaddlers quality is just as good.
My son has been wearing these since birth. they are great! I would definitely recommend these. I'm glad that Pampers has extended swaddlers through size 5.
These have always been my favorite diaper for newborns! The fit is so much better than competing brands and seems to be more durable than other diapers. Will be using them throughout the diapering stage!
Swaddlers diapers are by far our favorites! No leaks, no blow outs, no diaper rash. They are soft and super absorbent and the wetness indicator is really handy. The best part for us though is definitely the leak prevention. My son had leaks with every other diaper we tried (4 others). We kept coming back to the swaddlers!
The only diaper I liked to use for my little one. It isn't stiff and cheap feeling like others.
I buy the Sensitive Swaddlers for daytime and the Baby Dry for overnight. Pampers has become the only brand I use because of the wetness indicator available for size 3 and up. Brands that do have a wetness indicator stop at size 2, which makes no sense to me. That is why I will stick with Pampers for as long as my child wears diapers.
Love these diapers, they're really soft too! I love the wetness indicator, saves time for us parents.
I love pampers products.. The quality is amazing. And the durability is great
I've tried several other brands of diapers, and even tried Pampers Baby Drys, but nothing works for my baby girl like the Swaddlers! It's the only diaper that keeps everything contained and I love how soft they are. Pampers Swaddlers all the way here!
We really love the swaddlers for the day time. The wetness indicators are great.
Love the softness and wetness Indicator. Have been using these for 16mos since baby was born.
We have tried quite a few brands and fits. Nothing seems to work as well as the swaddlers
I wouldn't use anything else...... Great product. My fave!!
I loved using Swaddlers when the little guy was wearing the smaller diapers! As he got older I still enjoyed pampers but Swaddlers didn't go to his size. Now they do! I'm sure they would do the same justice.
After receiving several different brands of diapers for baby gifts from friends and family, Pampers is most definitely the softest diaper we've used. And the color changing line makes for a quick, easy peek during the early morning feeding times. It is a great product!
I really like the pampers product. They fit very well and keep my baby dry.
My husband and I have tried many types of diapers and we keep coming back to pampers!
Good diaper. Fewer leaks then any of the other brands that I have tried. I definately would recommend this product. I used it on my baby from newborn through size 2.
We have used swaddles since our baby was born. We've loved them for the past 11 months!
I really like the fit of the swaddlers. I don't have problems with leaking at all
I wouldn't use any diapers other than Pampers Swaddlers. None compare to them. I tried another brand once and they smelled funny and didn't work like Pampers. Pampers keeps my daughter dry and I don't have to worry.
These diapers are the only diapers I have used on both of my children (Daughter 2, Son 2 months). They are perfect for sensitive skin and I will not use any other brand of swaddled diapers.
Pampers has always been the best brand of products. I have tried several brands and always go back to Pampers.
You know a brand is good when it's the first thing offered to you after delivering your newborn. Swaddlers were the perfect for my little one. Gentle and easy on her cord. Would definitely recommend.
For the baby shower, people bought us all types of different diapers. Our favorite by far is pampers. We save them for our night time use because they seem to work better at holding it all inside the diaper.
I love pampers brand. I've use pampers with all of my kids.
These diapers are great! Every size has fit perfectly. She has never had any leaks. We couldn't be happier with these diapers.
I have been using pampers swaddlers diapers for three months now, since the birth of our daughter.
They are perfect fit, they absorb HUGE amounts and let my daughter's skin perfectly dry every time I change her. I love the indicator that lets you see that the baby is wet. The lateral "flaps" are great in preventing any spills. They also are great is preventing any smell when the baby is wet. The umbilical notch is a great thing as well, as they do not touch the cord stump and irritate the baby.
I struggle to find anything negative for these diapers.
I have tried another major brand as it was given to us as a present, and really noticed a huge difference in the quality of the product.
Overall a great product.
very absorbant, great quality. would only buy pampers brand
I love the product so much that I will never by another brand. Its soft and looks extremely comfortable on my babies.
Have been using pampers swaddlers since my son was born. Love the swaddlers they are the best diapers available. We have tried other brands and nothing works as well as these. Wish the swaddlers came in sensitive for the size 5's and that pampers offered a 6 swaddler that's the only downfall.
I switched from Swaddlers to baby dry once my little guy started growing and peeing lots throughout the night. I have to say I love these diapers!! Great quality and great price. I would definitely recommend these to anyone looking for better protection over night and throughout the day.
We have used other brand diapers, but pampers are the only ones that keep him dry. He wets completely through other diapers, where pampers he does not. We change him every hour during the day and with other brands he would soak through. We love pampers. Especially the swaddlers with the line to tell us if he was wet as an infant. Great products won't use anything else!
We love all pampers products especially the pampers swaddler sensitive diapers. Wouldn't use anything else!
Love the strip that tells you when and how much the diaper is wet. Really love this product.
We have used Pampers Swaddlers for both our children. They felt the softest and didn't have that "plasticy" feel that other brands have.
Ive used Pampers since my 18 month old was born. We tried many other brands given to us at baby showers and never could make it through a whole pack. Pampers are soft like any baby product should be. They absorb so that the wetness is in the diaper, not on my babys skin. Ill never use anything else, and will only recommend Pampers. Baby number 2 is on the way and theres no doubt that Pampers Swaddlers are on my gift registry. Soon my 18 month old will be in Pamoers pull ups and we are excited to try those too.
For the little ones in your life these are wonderful. The wet line helps out so u don't have to constantly bother your sleeping baby
These diapers worked really well with my first daughter so I intend on using them again for my new daughter when she arrives in June.
I used Swaddlers when my baby was first born. i never had a problem with leaks. they are soft and much much better than different brands when it comes to diaper rashes. my baby is about 11 month now so we use the cruisers but both of them are awesome
I started using pampers diapers while in the hospital having my child. I have used them continually for the last two years....have tried other brands from time to time but have always went back to pampers...you pay for what you get. I have loved them from the start and have never had any problem. Pampers cruisers are my favorite great diapers for an active toddler and GREAT nighttime diapers as well.
These are absolutely amazing at absorbing! My 3 month old daughter is still in size newborn. She sleeps all night long, from 8:00-8:30pm to 8:30-9:00am. Each morning when she wakes up she is soaked as would be expected but the awesome things about the Pampers Swaddlers is that she never leaks through! I am very happy with all Pampers products & would recommend it to any new parents :)
From using other brands Pampers Swaddlers are the BEST! The have the best absorbency! They have the best fit! Not to mention I love the blue line to let you know when the diaper is wet! And now they go to size 5!!!!! OUTSTANDING!
The hospital my daughter was born in provided us with size newborn Pampers Swaddlers. Since then we've been hooked! They fit great and and have good absorbency. However, since getting a little bigger (17 pounds now), she does occasionally wet through them overnight. So we switch to Pampers Baby Dry at night and continue using Swaddlers during the day. Very happy mommy!
I only use Swaddlers after trying other brands given as baby shower gifts. I like the indicator strip and swaddlers seems to be the most comfortable for my son.
My son was 6 weeks premature and had to spend a considerable amount of time in the NICU. I was surprised that they only used Pampers Swaddlers on all of their babies. They are soft and absorbent, I liked them so much that it was the only brand I used when he came home. I love that they now offer them in larger sizes. They have a nice fit on the legs and a very soft feel, now I use them when my son sleeps as he seems more comfortable in them.
We have two kids and used pampers for both we couldn't imagine using any other diaper! They fit great, absorb great, and are soft and comfy for baby! We LOVE pampers and would recommend them to anyone!
We have been using pampers products (diapers and wipes) since our little girl was born. We really like the fit and absorbancy of the diapers, and I like that we can get sensitive in both diapers and wipes.
They're great on my baby's bottom and they hold everything in no problem! I am so happy they extended the sizes! THANKS PAMPERS!!!
I am a huge fan of Pamper's swaddlers diapers, when my son was first born he wore the preemie swaddlers in the nicu, and now 11 months later we're in a size 3 swaddlers and still love it! I absolutely love the yellow indicator line that turns blue when the diaper is wet, and the diaper has a baby powered like smell :) overall an amazing diaper, blows huggies out of the water, very happy customer / first time momma <3
This is my first baby, so when I said "How do you know he's wet?" the nurse at the hospital pointed out the indicator strip to me. Duh! They help much better than smelling or sticking your finger in to feel the lining. However, sometimes diaper rash cream makes the rear indicator green when there's not actually anything there.
We have tried lots of different brands. LUVS broke out my son. Generic brands didn't absorb through the night. He woke up soaking wet with the generic brands. Pampers Swaddlers have been the best quality we have found. Pampers Baby Dry are ok but i prefer the softer swaddlers.
I love pampers brand on the whole, I used the wipes as well as the diapers. I started with pampers swaddles for my daughter when she was as infant but now her legs are in full action so I am using the cruisers when I changed less.
Awesome all around, tried Huggies and Pampers. Pampers provides less leaks!!!
Pampers swaddlers are definitely the best diaper out there! They last longer then the other diapers and are comfortable for my little one to wear. Glad they made them in bigger sizes! :)
I find these diapers are the best at preventing leakage! I tried other brands, but I came back to the Swaddlers and luckily they make them in larger sizes now too!
I loved the swaddlers. They did everything for my newborn baby. Soft, absorbs well and no leaks. The color changing wetness indicator was super nice. Easy to tell when baby was wet.
Pampers swaddlers diapers are the best. I definitely recommend it.
I have been using pampers swaddlers ever since my baby was born and no complaints. It's soft for my baby's skin and keeps him dry. They are a bit pricey but worth it.
I do love the Pampers Swaddlers as they are so soft.
I fell in love with pampers swaddlers! We haven't had any leaks yet. I love the blue line that indicates the diaper is wet.
I love the swaddlers and happy they have increased their sizes. Love their wipes too
I don't know what it is about the Swaddlers but I absolutely love them! So happy that they now come in bigger sizes!
My husband and I tried several diapers and they just didn't compare to pampers quality. We stopped wasting our money on the other diapers and only will buy pampers.
Pampers baby dry diapers are the only diapers I've ever used on my 4 kids. They are so absorbent and keep the girls dry through the night! I would suggest all new mommies use pampers baby dry.
I've tried many different brands of diapers including cloth and pampers by far exceeds all I've tried.
Love the swaddlers! Have used them for years in the hospital setting, knew I would use them with my own baby and we love them!
I won't buy any other brand for my boys. I use swaddlers for my 8 month old and cruisers for my 3 year old. I have tried a few other brands in the past but non are as absorbent as Pampers.
Pampers is all what parents and babies needs. I love them i'll never change it.
My husband and I love pampers! If we ever have any issues the pampers team gets back to us immediately! I would recommend pampers to any new mom looking for the perfect diaper and wipes!! Overall pampers is a great product. We would never use a different brand.
Great quitity! Being a first time mum, I worried about finding the right diaper brand for my little one; pampers were the first and only brand I use. They keep are dry at night, all night!
Our little girl has worn pampers swaddlers since day one!! We have never had any issues with diaper rash or leaking and the fit is great!!
I love use Pamper diaper,it is great quality, I always travel all over the countries, always can find pamper to buy, the quality always the same. It is good choice for parents!
I've been buying Pampers for quite sometime now, they are my favorite. Swaddlers were great for the first year. I've been very happy with the quality of all the Pampers products I use.
I have used swaddlers since my baby was born. When I found out they were extending it to size 4 and 5 I was ecstatic!! I have tried other brands and NOTHING compares to pampers swaddlers. Would recommend EVERYONE to try them out!!!
I absolutely love pampers! My daughter is known to have explosive diapers and while other diapers have fallen short on containing the mess, pampers has always done the best job at keeping it all in. I also love how absorbent they are and their cloth like texture!
Swaddlers are definitely at the top of my list in disposable diapers. The have a good fit and prevent leaks. The new wetness strip is particularly handy.
Pampers cruisers are the only thing that keeps my baby dry! They are very flexible and have a great fit! They lock in odor pretty well too!
As a new mom, I didn't know what diaper brand would be best so I tried all of them. I immediately disliked Luvs because they didn't fit snugly enough to hold anything. I didn't care for Huggies because they either didn't have the indicator strip or they were too small for the labeled size. I always buy Pampers Swaddlers! They are by far the best diaper with a snug fit, clear indicator strip, and properly labeled sizes. Although these diapers are suppose to draw wetness away from my daughter's skin, I'm not sure if that bit works. It could just be my daughter's quirk but she hates being even the slightest bit wet. Overall, this brand is the best diaper available and I will continue to use it!
My little one has very sensitive skin. Pampers Sensitive Swaddlers kept her dry and protected her skin from breaking out. The swaddlers are a great fit. I have recommended the swaddlers to all my friends that ate expecting.
Love it! I've always and will continue to use Pampers Swaddlers. Going on my 3rd baby and won't change.
I love these diapers! They are very soft, absorb a lot, and always fit great. I would like to see the prices go down a little, but other than that they are great!
It's great that they are in larger sizes now, because these are seriously the best smelling and best fitting diaper for my boys. The older one can go an entire night with out needing to be changed, and the little guy just as long. There is no need to be changing because of spillage or saturation.

the only negative is that they never go on sale, or are always excluded from sales of pampers. I wish the price would come down just a little.
I love swaddlers for my toddler, especially at night or when I can't change her diaper right away. They are by far the best for dryness and comfort. The wetness indicator is great for daycare they love how easy it makes things.
My husband and I are convinced that Pampers swaddlers are the best for our baby. After our daughter had a serious "blowout" we found that other brands didn't protect like pampers. As new parents we realize that not all diapers are alike. Thanks to swaddlers we now use the best.
My baby daughter has a very delicate skin. When I tried to buy another brand of diapers I was very disappointed... I understood that to pay a little less for Pampers is way better than cheap diapers brands. I have to look no more. Pampers is the diapers we need, we want and we cherish for our little Amor Victoria. ;)
I've used Pampers Swaddlers for both my children. I have never had problems with leaking and it also keeps the moisture away from their skin. I was so glad to see they increased the size up to 5. I'll be sticking with it until my youngest is out of diapers.
These diapers are fabulous!! No leaks, baby stays dry and love the color changing strip! pampers has a much better quality diaper with a competitive price!
NO rashes and keeps her dry most of the time. Leakage is minimal!
I have tried huggies and target brand and pampers are by far the best!
We love the pampers swaddlers. No issues with rashes from the material and seems comfy for our little one. Other brands leak but the swaddlers work even over night!
Thank you very much for this products ! I love pampers and always recommend all my friends!
I love this for newborns or new parents. The indicator really helps! ^_^
After trying cheaper diaper brands, we came back to using Pampers. They fit well, are soft, don't smell like chemicals & absorb well also.
My daughter has very sensitive skin. We've tried all kinds of diapers, and pampers were the only ones that did not irritate her. Now with my son we didn't even try any others.
These are great. I can always tell a difference when my son is wearing pampers. He is much happier and drier
Love this product. Love the wetness indicator. Great product.
I tried other diaper brands even store brands and pampers is the best quality. They have a great fit and don't leak
These are the only wipes I will buy for my daughter! They are excellent and never have had a problem with them!
I love Pampers for their fit and my husband loves the wetness indicator. Got these at the hospital and have tried several other brands but keep coming back to Pampers!
These were the diapers they had in the hospital so we were comfortable buying them for our newborn as we knew she would not have any reactions. We have since tried samples of several other brands but none has been as good as the pampers swaddlers. I also love that the pattern is only on the front of the diaper. Makes it easy to have the diaper the right way around during nighttime changes in the dark!
I tried all kinds of diapers when my son was born. Hands down Pampers are the softest and most comfortable for my son. The only complaint I have would be at night time they are leaking and soaking the bed every night. I've even tried the overnight baby dry diapers and they still leak. During the day they work great. I would still recommend the diapers to any mom.
Since my son was born we have only used swaddlers diapers. They are the best. They don't leak, and the indicator line makes it easy to see when baby needs changed.
My now two year old has worn Pampers diapers since day one. The fit is great on Swaddlers and so is the absorbency. Loved the wetness indicator, especially as a first time parent.
I have tried huggies 3 different times and they just can't compare to pampers. Pampers doesn't leak and even when my son has a blowout pampers contains most of it not like huggies where it gets all up his back and out the side and everywhere.
With my first two children, I used a different name-brand diaper and was a loyal buyer. With my new baby, that name-brand diaper leaked everywhere. I don't know if the diaper has changed since my last child or if there is another reason for the leaking, but the only diaper that keeps my baby dry and doesn't leak everywhere is Pampers. I'm sold!
Pampers diapers fit great, keep my son dry all night long and me happy so that I can get some uninterrupted sleep!
They come in large boxes so you get a lot of money for your value, they have stretchy material for a great fit and are cost effective.
I had tried the swaddlers in yhe hospitals and really loved them. They absorb well and are very soft and are not too thick like the old school diapers. Plus the wetness indicator makes it very easy to know if the diaper is soiled or not.
Overall love these diapers
The only diaper that fits my baby girls body! Bet diaper ever!
Pampers swaddlers are the best! They are the only diapers I found that fit my daughter. In every other brand she leaks out if the legs.
The only diapers we'll use! Can't beat the fit and value!
Wonderful on newborn delicate bums! My little one is almost 4 months old and has not had one red bum!
They're Great! (Tony the tiger reference). Grrrrr!
I'm a first-time mom and chose to try Pampers Swaddlers for my son. I LOVE the color-changing wetness indicator. The diaper has a kind of mesh liner that absorbs wetness extraordinarily well. Additionally, the diaper features an elastic area around the legs in addition to the edge of the diaper. It is amazing how much that catches and how few times anything has leaked onto his clothes. I am definitely sticking with the Swaddlers!
I was so glad to see Swaddlers in size 5. My daughter has been wearing Swaddlers since the day she was born. Love that BLUE LINE :)
Pampers swaddled a are the only brand diapers I use for my daughter who is 3month I've been using pampers since she was bork . great product
These are great diapers! I've tried others but always had problems with leaking. I'm on my second baby using swaddlers. They are more expensive but worth it! They are nice and soft on baby's skin. I love the wetness indicator for the newborns too since it is hard to tell at first. Great product, definitely recommend to anyone. I do wish they were more affordable though.
These diapers fit great and help out dad with the dryness line. He always knows when baby is wet.
Being a first time mom, I went through several different diaper brands and always ended up back with pampers Baby Dry. My son is a VERY heavy wetter and would always wake up soaked by midnight every single night. Since making the switch to Pampers Baby Dry, I haven't had a single issue. We have been using them for almost a year now and will not be changing any time soon!
We absolutely love these diapers and will never purchase any other diapers
I received Pampers Swaddlers when I left the hospital and haven't used another brand since. I love the wetness indicator. They are great!
We only use pampers they fit our daughter perfectly!
Pampers swaddlers are my fav diapers an well worth the extra pennies because of their absorbency features. Now that come in bigger sizes and I will continue to buy them!
We have been is Swaddlers since day one and was almost in a panic when we grew out of size 3's there was a month period where we had to try other brands and they didn't match up my son would be wet all the time because the others could keep up, but not a problem
Now cause Swaddlers are in 4 and 5 now wish they made a 6 to
We used swaddlers up to size 2 (which is all they made when my LO was that age). We loved them and she never leaked! Looking forward to using them Longer with my next, as they make larger sizes now!
I absolutely love pampers products. The swaddlers are my favorite and fit my baby perfect.
These were the first diapers I had and I stay with them. My baby hardly cried because he always felt dry.
I love Pampers, it's the only diaper my kids wear.
The quality and softness in Pampers Swaddlers made it an easy choice to continue the choice that my own mother used for me as a child. Pampers knows the concerns of parents and addresses them. Our children are the most important things in our lives & to know that at the very least we can keep them comfortable, dry, and well gives us one less thing to worry about.
We love them! Never any leaks! Pampers r the best.
I love these diapers. My little guy can stay clean and dry which helps him sleep.
I find that pampers are the most absorbent for boys. I use pampers for my twins (both boys) and I used them on my first child (also a boy), they have never failed! I wouldn't use another brand.
These are great for newborns because you can tell if they are wet from the outside. I use less diapers because I am not changing one that I know for sure isn't wet.
The durability of the Pampers is like no other. I have tried other brands and was extremely disappointed at the material and absorbency. My now 2 Month old son can also tell the diffrence and feels more comfortable in Pampers.
I love these diapers. They fit so good and can last the whole night long.
Comfortable fit, doesn't leak, easy read strip to tell how wet the diaper is. Great diaper!
These diapers hold a lot of wetness and fit nicely
I like the swaddlers the best out of all the pampers diapers. All are good products but I prefer the swaddlers with the strip to show that the diaper is wet.
Pampers are the only diapers that keep my boys dry. The snug fit keeps everything inside, where it belongs!
The only diaper my child can wear that doesn't give a rash!
We've tried every diaper and some would start stinking right away. Pampers are the only ones that don't stink.
I have been using pampers products for 3 months now, with a few others in between to try them out. I find that pampers is soft with my baby's skin not rubbing or irritating it in any way unlike one other I tried. And the absorbancy is better than a store brand I used. The fit is not as great as one other brand.
Bought these when my twins were newborn because they were used in the hospital for them. We enjoyed them until babies outgrew the size. Haven't tried them in larger sizes. They just started making them in the bigger sizes after we had stopped using them.
We have been using the swaddlers since our little one was born and they are great. Love the Line that indicates that the baby is wet. They fit very nice.
We use Pampers baby dry diapers on our little man at night. These diapers can hold 8 hours of wetness and leave his bed dry. They are sagging by the morning, but he stays dry! I highly recommend them.
Pampers is the only brand of diapers that fits my son properly and doesn't leak. He has also never got a diaper rash from wearing Pampers
I have a 2 y/o and a 7m old and have used swaddlers for both during the infant to pre-crawling stage and I LOVE them. they are the perfect fit around the thighs and around my babies big ol' buddah bellies. I have tried other brands and always come back to Pampers.
Love the softness and absorbency of swaddlers! They were a great fit for my little guy when he was first born! The wetness indicator is a huge plus when you have to monitor a newborns "wet" diapers.
Only have girls and the pampers swaddlers never let us down. We tried other styles and brands just not so satisfied!
Having our first child we weren't sure which diaper would work the best for our little one but after trying many we stuck with pampers. Overall they are the best and keep our son snug and dry through the night. We love them.
These diapers fit my skinny lil' guy very well through all the sizes we've tried (n-2). I like the blue line that shows me when they are wet. I've tried other brands but keep going back to pampers.
I love the fit and softness of the swaddlers but for the bigger babies the cruisers are better for leaks
Love these diapers! Minimal leaks & easy on my little one's sensitive skin!
I love this brand it's the only brand I will use!!!
when I became a new mom just recently about a year ago I always ask people what are the best diaper everyone would say to me a pampers that's the only thing I would you but of course I tried every diaper out there and of course I always came back to pampers because I was the only diaper my daughter was either not allergic to or it was the fit or the absorbency.
We received Pampers in the hospital and loved them. We had also received a few boxes of diapers from friends which were other brands. We soon learned that we definitely prefer Pampers. We have had less leaks and better fit with Pampers then with any other brand. They are worth the cost for sure!
My wife and I have twins, so we go through lots of diapers every day, and the benefits of Pampers Swaddlers are beyond our expectation. The notch for the umbilical plus the wetness stripe that changes from yellow to blue made changing 25 diapers a day that much easier. Plus, the fit they have was perfect and they do NOT leak, which is a HUGE plus for us. I would highly recommend Pampers Swaddlers to any new mom and dad, especially those who have multiples like us.
I buy nothing but pampers swaddlers I love them for my baby
We love pampers! We've tried several other brands but always came back to pampers. Haven't found any other diaper that is as soft and feels like it would be as comfortable.
Overall I think this product is very good. Although it is somewhat pricey compared to the store brand...you do get what you pay for!
I absolutely love everything about Pampers Swaddlers. They fit better than any other diaper, and they prevent rashes since my little one stays dry! They are super absorbent, even at night. Plus, I love the blue line indicator for wet diapers. It makes my job easier!
These diapers are great. They were initially provided at the hospital and we have been using them since. I love the line that shows when the diaper is wet.
Pampers are the best diapers on market. I'm buying papers swaddlers sins my son was born. Always the best. Love love love it
I wouldn't but any other brand of diapers. These diapers great fit, very absorbent, and never gives my baby irritations.
Pampers swaddlers are the only diapers we will use for our daughter. We've tried many other brands and these are the only ones that stand up to the test.
Swaddlers were the best diapers when our LO was first home from the hospital. Learning all the new things parents have to learn, it was nice to be able to immediately tell if our LO was wet or dry. We continued to use Swaddlers to size 3 and never had any issues with leaks. I recommend Pampers as the best diapers to all my friends!
I've been using Swaddlers since I had my first child two years ago, and I continue to use them now with my newborn. I love how soft the diapers are on my baby's skin and how absorbent the diapers are. I'd never choose anything else for my children. :)
I absolutely love pampers for my son. They are the only diapers I buy. The only thing I dislike is they are the most expensive brand out there, but totally worth it!
It's the only diaper brand I use. I love the swaddlers the most I use the cruisers as well.
Very happy with this product. Would recommend others to use.
I've tried other diaper brands, but these are just perfect! They fit perfect. They don't leak. They hold a lot! And I definitely love the yellow strip that changes color once it needs to be changed. Perfect for new Mommies!
I was a first time mom and everyone I know recommended huggies I tried them and hated them they didn't absorb much and wouldn't stay in place when my son wiggled and moved. I tried lots of other brands and nothing can compare to pampers I will never use any other brand again
Great fit. These are the best pampers. They are absorbent and are a great value.
Absolutely love pampers for my girls (one is an infant and one is a toddler). I love pampers swaddlers with the blue line indicator- great for infants that wear lots of onesie's. Saves you time and "the guessing" game to see if you little one needs a change. Also, love pampers rewards program.
These diapers fit great. They are one of the only brands that don't leak everywhere when my 4 month old poops. They also don't leak when worn through the night. I also like the yellow to blue line that indicates wetness. Wish they were cheaper.
My daughter is 6 weeks old. We have several different brands of diapers in her closet to use but after trying a few of the other brands out, we favor pulling a pack of pampers out to use next versus the others. These diapers accurately show wetness. They fit my daughter well, but seem to be sized slightly smaller than other diapers of the same size. I would recommend these diapers to other first time moms
I use these for my two month old and love them! Won't use any other!
We tried Huggies, and three times our little girl, born 7 weeks early, leaked onto our bed at about 10 weeks old (3 weeks adjusted). We tried Pampers immediately after, and have never had a problem. Even for those blowouts she has, we have never had a leak. Great job Pampers!
Awesome! I can't say enough about all pampers products!
pampers keep liquids inside and not all over the place
Papers are the only diaper my son doesn't break out with. I love them. He doesn't leak or break out. He can move around and have fun in them. I've never had a problem with them utn and my son is a year and a half.
I tried other brands that were slightly cheaper and it wasn't worth it. Pampers are by far the best quality. Very few leaks and the velcro works just perfectly. I definitely encourage other parents to buy Pampers!
These diapers are wonderful. They are soft and very absorbent. I like the indicator strip on them as well to indicate if they are wet or not.
I was very impressed with not just the quality of pampers swaddlers but with how well they fit our little one. They absorb well and fit snug enough we don't have any blow outs. The blue wetness line is great too! I am able to easily check to see if they are wet without completely undressing her, which is essential since she is so active now.
We love pampers swaddlers! We would recommend this brand to all moms.
I used Pampers for all 3 of my kids. They have allergies and can't wear certain brands but I have never had a problem with these. I love the way they fit and stay where they are supposed to.
I love pampers unfortunately my daughter breaks out from pamper products!!
I've tried a number of diapers, and none of them keep my baby as dry or smell as fresh as Pampers Swaddlers. Yes, they cost more than other diapers, but what I get in return is more comfort for my baby.
Pampers are the best diapers on the market. They are extremely soft, and the make baby feel comfortable. They do not leak and have a good fit. I do not need to change baby in the middle of the night thanks to the absorbancy. I will only use pampers.
Love all pamper products!!! I love how cute the cruisers are:)
I used Swaddlers with my little girl and have now used them with my little boy! I love the way they fit and hardly ever have a leak problem. I'm so excited they are now made in bigger sizes so we will be able to continue using them. They are a little pricy for me but you pay for what you get I guess.
My boys stay dry throughout the night in these extra protection diapers. They are great!
This is the only brand of diapers we will use. The rest just literally didn't hold up
Pampers has been our choce of diapers since my son was born. I researched pampers before he was born and reviews were awesome. Pampers were also the diaper recommended by our hospital. We will continue to use pampers.
My sons father & I have used pampers since we had our son. We absolutely love pampers!
Great quality and price. Love on my baby's sensitive skin.
Absolutely love this diaper wish they made it in size 6!!
We love them for our little boy. We used other brands and he always peed through them. Not with pampers swaddlers.
I love pampers diapers. Never leak. Hold up on my babies butt
These diapers are awesome! They newer leak even at bedtime.
Our little one loves the Pampers, we tried serval brands and these are both the softest and driest.
Our daughter is now 7 months old and we have used Papers Swaddlers snce she was born and love them. They are great and have no leaks or any other type of misfourtune while using them.
I use these diapers and wipes for my 6 month old and I love them. No leaks what so ever. I will def be using these again for my next child.
As silly as it sound these diapers have been a life saver. As a new mom you have so much to remember, when was the last feeding, when did he sleep, and changing your little ones diapers is on that list. With the wetness indicator it help you know when its time to change without undoing the diaper and checking while you baby is squirming around.
I love pampers swaddlers and so does my daughter. She can sleep threw the night with out getting changed and theirs no problem.
These were my favs when I was a new mom. The color changing stripe really helped me learn when my kiddo needed a change. I also loved the umbilical cord notch and the softness. The great absorbancy is a given for a Pampers product.
I love Pampers Swaddlers. The best diapers out there, can't compete with any other product on the market.
I was givin all brands of diapers when my son was born. But only pampers kept him dry through the night! I have used pampers all the way up to his training pants. They are a great brand!
Birth to size 4, never leaked! Fit well around the waist and thighs. Never had an issue with the tabs unlike other diaper brands. Just a great overall diaper!
Love the Swaddlers softness & belly button cut out. Also the green "wet" indicator was a huge help with my newborn!
I only use pampers she is very comfortable with them and if its good for her they are good for me
This diapers are awesome.no leakage always satisfy with the product.
These are the only diapers that I will buy. They are so soft and snug.
I love the swaddlers, they fit my baby great and are very absorbent!
Great absorbency and I don't have to worry about leaks
I am on my third child and we've used Pampers Swaddlers for all 3. We love these diapers and I recommend them to all of my new mommy friends.
As a new mom, I've tried many different types of diapers just to see what would work best for my son and we always come back to Pampers Swaddlers & Cruisers!
These diapers are very absorbent and cost effective. I love how my baby feels when she is wearing one.
I love pampers swaddlers! Definitely one of my favorite products.
I loved these from the start, but after trying other brands I knew we couldn't use anything else! These are the only diapers that have stopped leaks and we've had minimal blow outs. Glad to have something can trust!
I have been so pleased with papers. My daughter has never been uncomfortable in any of the sizes she has been in. She has had very few accidents due to the great fit. The one time she wore a different brand she had a blowout....the other brand just didn't cut it, needless to say we didn't use the rest of the other brand. I will continue to use pampers and will make sure my future kids will use them as well.
Wouldn't use any other diaper or wipes. Great quality at a great price.
Baby is now going on 6 months. Since before she was born everyone would recommend me Pampers i read alot of reviews and i was convienced that Pamers. Was the way to go and i love how they are so fitted to their little bottoms the wet indicator is just perfect! !!
I absolutely love Pampers Swaddlers, we have used them since the day our daughter was born! The color changer was a great help when she was a newborn and we love how absorbent the Swaddlers are! The diapers are so soft on her skin and have never caused any type of irritation. We recommend them to all of our new parent friends!
Overall, Pampers Swaddlers are the best diaper for my boys. Decently and comparable in price. Super soft. I'll take them over other brands any day!
I always prefer pampers!! They keep my baby dry and comfortable without leaking.
This diaper is by far my favorite type of diaper to use for my son. It fits great and absorbs great too.
great product, highly recommend.
my girls are allergic to other brands.
We were given another brand of diapers as a gift when our little boy was born. We learned very quickly they did not work well. Almost every diaper we put on him leaked. We decided to use the Pampers Swaddlers because that is what the hospital used & we didn't have any problems. Wow, what a difference. We have fewer mishaps & love the wetness indicator. We will always use Pampers Swaddlers.
Swaddlers work great for my newborn & my 2 year old!
pampers are wonderful they hold up much better then huggie's and i love that they have the line to tell you when the diaper is full.
Over the years, we've tried other brands of diapers but nothing compares to pampers!
Since my first son was born in 2011 i have only bought pampers diapers...i now have my 3rd son and still use and buy pampers only..i dont think i will ever switch any brand
Our little girl has had Pampers in her life since day one and they have always treated her...and us...right. We use and love Pampers Cruisers and Pampers Sensitive Wipes. Pampers is part of our family's life.
I started using pampers from the start! After a few weeks I had other brand diapers that I thought would be just as good to use on my son.... I was wrong! The other brand was horrible. My son didn't like them either- we switched back to pampers and both, my son and I are very happy! Pampers fits really well and keep him dry! I don't have to worry about any leaks or anything with Pampers. Pampers are the only thing I will use with my children.
Pampers Swaddlers are great quality and very absorbent. The wetness indicator is helpful for knowing when baby needs to be changed. We rarely have leaks when we use them.
I have use pampers since 2008 . The hospital provided them for me for the first time.I recently use them for my smallest baby b i like how it could protect her for the whole night without any problem .It adsorbs and have soft layers that makes her feel confident and beautiful .Pampers is a great product that i will recommend to a family or friend .
I prefer pampers from the all other diapers. It's just the best.
Pampers swaddlers are great. They are a good value for the price and have wonderful absorbency. I really like the color changing line in the diapers that lets you know at a glance whether they are wet or dry. I am very happy that they now come in the larger sizes also.
Pampers are great for my 2 month old AND my 2 year old. I never have a problem with them leaking through!!!
I have a baby boy, and LOVE pampers swaddlers. I have tried Huggies and my son peed right thru a brand new diaper.
My son came home from the hospital in Pampers Swaddlers and I will not use a different diaper.
Also the diaper is easier on the skin than Luvs.
We have tried other brands and nothing compares to pampers! We have used swaddlers and baby dry and love both!! Babies stay dry all night!
Pampers swaddlers fit my Preemies very well. At 3 months old we are still wearing Newborn size. We have been able to purchase these diapers by the case very affordabley. We have tried other brands that do not seem to hold up very well and the fasteners rip off, we have been very pleased with the strength of pampers. We will definitely continue to use them as the girls grow.
Swaddlers diapers are so soft! Nothing better to put next to baby's delicate new skin!
I love pampers products! They are soft and absorbent. Perfect for my baby girl.
Wonderful product my son feel great wearing them since he is allergic to huggies diapers
I Love Pampers! Perfect for keeping my baby dry and comfortable.
love thee soft texture that I'm comfortable to put on my newborn. Even after a bit still fresh and no leaks! It's the goto diaper for worry free nights as well. I bought initially for my daughters newborn months but will continue to purchase throughout her year.
These are the least irritating for my son's skin. He does soak through overnight, but during the day the hold a lot and are good at keeping odors from traveling to clothes. Glad they are in larger sizes now.
I love all of their products. I can alway rely on the Pampers brand.
We love pampers swaddlers! My child has been wearing them and ONLY them since his first day of life! We never have issues with leaks and they fit so nice and snug!
Pampers keep my baby dry and fit great and are made of soft yet durable materials. I would never use any other diaper brand pampers are the best
Pampers Swaddlers are the most absorbant, dependable diapers. Our hospital started our son on them and we refuse to use any other brand. Their softness and great fit assure us our son is comfortable.
Love these diapers!
the wetness indicator is great for wee little ones
The fit is PERFECT. A little pricier than some other brands, but worth the difference!
I have used Pampers Swaddlers on all three of my children. They fit perfectly. I like the wetness indicator to let me know if the child needs to be changed by just looking at the diaper. I have found that these diapers can hold up to nighttime wear!
I love pampers swaddlers. The fit my 10 week old perfect!
We use pampers , not any other brand, we like it. Great
I have loved papers swaddlers for my little boy. Being a first time mom it is hard to know what kind of diapers to get. I have yet to be disappointed in the pampers swaddlers. We love the wetness indicator to help know when our little man is wet. Thanks pampers for such a great product.
Pampers are absolutely the best! I highly recommend them and would not use any other brand.
I especially love that they started making the Swaddlers in larger sizes. I had my daughter in them until she was a size 4 and started crawling (at which time I moved her into Pampers Cruisers).
We love Swaddlers, its the only diaper we trust on our baby girl. We have yet to have a leak, (in 5 months), and even overnight it keeps her clean and dry. As a little one, we started off with the preemie size, and loved the umbilical cord notch so we didn't have to fold as much of the diaper over :) Thanks Pampers :)
Love the elasticity of the straps so I can get the diaper as tight as needed. It absorbes well, but I dislike the chemical smell of the diapers. Overall I have minimal leaks so we are happy!
The diapers are so soft and absorbent. I used these when my babies were newborns up until they grew out of them. I am so glad there are more size options now. My son is in size 4 and they are so much softer than other diapers. Great quality :)
We received Pampers Swaddlers at the hospital when our little one was born. We'd researched and planned to use either Up&Up or Kirkland to save money, but the softness just didn't compare. We've used Pampers ever since coming home from the hospital with no plans to switch!
The pamper diapers are amazing products; they keep our children dry- whether climbing all over the jungle gym to twelve hours of sleep! The kids love seeing their favorite sesame friends. The array of reward items with the pamper grow program is an added bonus.
Never had any leaks or accidents. Fits perfectly. I would highly recommend Pampers to any new mom for their baby.
I only use Pampers Swaddlers for my little guy. Great absorbency!
Swaddlers are the perfect diapers for your 0-6 month old baby. The wetness indicator is a life saver for first time parents. Takes all the guess work out of diaper changing.
I have had three kids and use various different diapers on them and the only diapers that I seem to love and work the best are the pampers. For the money you get the best value in confidence knowing that your child will be dry, and comfortable. I would definitely recommend them to any family or friends.
We've found that Swaddlers provide the best fit and absorbancy.
When my son was an infant I onlu used Pampers Swaddlers because they kept him dry.
I've used pampers with bot of my daughters now! We love them and wouldn't use any other!
These are the best in every way! They fit well they hold the wetness well and they never have a bad smell!
I love the yellow line that turns blue once the diaper is wet. It's a great help for new moms like me!
I've tried multiple diapers but agree with other mom-friends that pampers swaddlers are the best. While they are a little more expensive than the other brands, you do get what you pay for. These are the best quality. Very soft, love the wetness indicator, fewer "blow-outs" than other brands.
I love the line that tells you if they are wet or not. I also love how absorbant they are!
I love the way these diapers are so soft and they fit my daughter so well! The only thing to make them better would be to put a flex back on them for no blow outs!
When my baby girl was an infant, pampers fit her the best and were by far the most absorbent of any diapers we use. She is currently 11 months old and we still rely on Pampers!
If you do not want to change your baby many times a day, If you do not want your baby to wet their pants,
If you do not want to worry about your baby's skin,
Then do like me and buy these incredible pampers and you will see the extraordinary result
I love that I can tell when it's time to change her diaper. Color indicator great feature.
We have tried other brands if diapers and wipes but always seem to come back to Pampers.
I love the color-changing wetness indicator and softness on pampers sensitive diapers!
My son sleeps 12 hrs.+ a night and pampers baby dry is the best solution to let my 3 month old sleep peacefully and dry all night. As for swaddlers they are so comfortable for my little guy other diapers used to cut into his chubby legs but these are perfect for all his activities during the day.
I love these diapers. The mesh liner allows the solids to be separate from the liquids which allows for easier clean up....
These were super when I was first getting used to being a mom because of the indicators. Loved them as my daughter got bigger because it helped Dad also learn when to change the diaper until he got used to the program too. Quality diaper that keeps baby dry. Definitely would recommend swaddlers.
Pampers swaddlers are perfect for my little girl. We tried Huggies and she would run right through them. However, Pampers keep her nice and dry and fit so perfectly. The only product we use
These diapers worked wonderfully for us! Having being "first time" parents... we were not sure what to expect... and wanted to go with a brand that we recognized and were familiar with. We could not have been happier with the quality of these diapers! They fit perfect on our little guy.. will definitely use these again for our next little baby!
I used these with my son when he was an infant. They were the softest feeling diaper & that was important to me.
We love the pampers diapers. They always fit good and provide the ultimate protection!
Good products, a bit pricey but for the most part worth it.
We have used these diapers since our twins were born and in the NICU. Love them! Haven't had many leaks at all like other brands we have tried.
There's so much to learn being a first-time mom and which diaper to trust is a biggie. I was gifted Huggies and Parent's Choice diapers along with Pampers for my baby showers and hands-down Pampers was my number one choice! My son is currently in Swaddlers, size 3 and I wouldn't trust any other diaper to hold up throughout the night. I love and would definatley recommend this product to all parents-to-be.
Pampers work wonderfully, my second child is also in pampers and my oldest daughter is in pull ups. They stay dry, no rashes & they work great. 2 thumbs up from us.
We used these diapers for both of our children right after they were born and through the first few months, and we had no complaints. The wetness indicator is definitely helpful.
Pampers have the best diapers you can ask for. my baby is able to sleep all night and they do not leak and they fit perfect Thank you pampers for caring about our babies and I would recommend them o everyone.
I bought them for my two daughters and I am completely satisfied .
I like the fact they show you when your baby peed especially when you are young mom ;)
Never thought I would be a brand snob, but I totally am now! I started out using Swaddlers, and they are awesome, but once my son started sleeping through the night I had to find a diaper that would last. He NEVER wakes up from a wet diaper. And trust me they are full when he wake up. His skin is not bothered at all because he stays dry! He's super comfortable too.
Amazing product. There is truth behind the product they create.
I LOVE pampers diapers. They are my #1 diaper choice. They absorb the best compared to other diapers.
The only diaper my son doesn't leak through! & only one he doesn't get a rash with
I love the swaddlers!!! They fit my son very well and do not give him marks on his legs like the other ones. They are stretchy too and I like the design!
The Pampers Swaddlers worked the best with both of my boys. I loved how they kept their skin dry and they never experienced diaper rashes.
I only trust pampers swaddlers to keep my baby nice and dry. I was estatic when pampers extended the sizes of swaddlers. Life is much easier now knowing my baby's diapers won't leak!
We love Pampers! Tried others (got them from the baby shower) but always go back to Pampers!
I won't use anything but Pampers! Both my daughters are in them now and I never have to worry about leaks! Plus I love that the swaddlers has a wet diaper indicator!
My daughter wore swaddlers on sizes newborn, 1 and 2. We loved them --- never had a blow out. Can't get much better than that!!
When my son was born we were trying out a variety of brands to see what worked for him. The only diapers we had a high success rate with no leaks was Pampers Swaddlers, we will only be buying them from now on.
I only use pampers diapers. I love the swaddlers because they fit my little one better and are not as bulky as the regular ones. They keep him very dry and they seem to be easier on his skin.
Outsanding quality for my baby and for me! I would recommend pampers product to family and friends.
Pampers swaddlers are great because of the wetness indicator making it easier than ever for checking a wet diaper!
Pampers swaddlers are the only diaper we use. We've tried other brands but they leaked and left rashes and couldn't hold out they the night. Swaddlers are soft material and we have not had a single leak yet, even in the night!
These are great for your baby. They last overnight and hardly any blowouts. The blanket softness is amazing. Highly recommend them!
I wish I could give this product more than 5 stars. There is just no comparison with other products when it comes to the fit and absorbency of these diapers. The umbilical cord notch is especially helpful with very new babies.
I love that these swaddlers don't leak and fit just right. there are no open ends anywhere and seem comfortable for my baby.
Since my son was born we've used Pampers, because that's what brand our hospital used. But, because this is our first child we've tested out other brands, but nothing has the quality of Pampers. So far the Swaddlers are my favorite and I hate to use anything else. They are so soft, fit well and have lots of sensitive options.
I love pampers swaddlers. I used them with my daughter 2 years ago and now using them my son who is just 1 month old. They have been the softest diaper I have used and fit the best. I have tried other brands and they don't compare. Keep it up pampers!
I have used pampers since day one with my first child. I am expecting our second, and I will buy pampers for this child as well. I love all of your products. They stand the test of time compared to other brands. Thanks for one more way of simplifying motherhood!
I have used swaddlers with all 3 of my kids. It really keeps them dry. I love that it has the umbilical cord notch.
Best diaper there is!! I love the fit and the line indicating if my baby needs a diaper change!
These diapers are awesome. They fit well and dont leak and they are so soft on my babies skin.
My baby and I love Pampers! It fits perfectly and we haven't had a leak yet. I used Huggies for about 3 days when she was a newborn and it always leaked overnight.
Been using Pampers since my baby was born! I love the fit of them and the blue line! Makes that overnight check easy without having to wake up the baby!
My husband and I love Pampers Swaddlers! They are so soft compared to all of the other brands! We love the yellow indicator stripe on them. My mother said she wished they had indicators on diapers when we were younger. These diapers hold a lot and allow baby to move around comfortably. Plus, the sesame street characters on the front help make diaper changes fun!
I love traveling and guess what I discovered.. Diapers that are already powdered inside with J&J baby powder! I would love to buy pampers swaddlers with the powder inside and save time and money to put the baby powder myself... That will make swaddlers unbeatable in the market!
We used the swaddlers with our newborns to help protect their delicate skin. They had a good fit, seemed very soft and comfortable, and we liked the wetness indicator as well.
I have used Pampers Swaddlers for both of my children when they were infants and love them. My favorite part of the diapers is the indicator that lets you know when your child has urinated.
I love this pampers since they gave them to me at the hospital I have not bought a different kind this are my favorite :)
We are first time parents and weren't really sure which diapers to put on our registry. We opted for Luvs, but after we had our baby, the hospital used Pampers Swaddlers. We loved the blue stripe to know when our baby was wet, not to mention the awesome way it fit and held everything in! We tried the Luvs after we ran out of the Pampers, but they just didn't fit correctly and even gave our son diaper rash. We immediately switched back to Pampers and will continue to use them and all other Pampers products!
I just love these soft cloth diapers. They fit my son so well and absorb great. Been using them for almost two years and would recommend them to everyone.
The day my son was born we had trouble with diapers until we tried Pamper Swaddlers.
I tried other kinds of diapers, but pampers never gave my kids problems. The others would cause rashes, would leak and not fit. Pampers are great and I would suggest them to any parent.
We've always used pampers products for our boys. When we had our daughter there was no other product we prefer to use then pampers brand products.
We were given Pampers Swaddlers at the hospital. When we ran out of those we broke into the stash we had received at our baby shower. We had two other brands of newborn size diapers. Being first time parents we didn't really think it mattered that much which diaper brand we used. The first we tried was okay, but my husband hated that it didn't have the wetness indicator and the diaper got really bulky when wet. The other brand did have the wetness indicator but every time we put them on our son it would leak. After a couple days of leaky diapers we had had it and went to the store to get the Swaddlers. Turns out they actually fit our son a lot better, had the wetness indicator and did not leak. All three of us were so much happier with the Pamers Swaddlers!!!
These are the diapers that we were introduced to at the hospital. Although the regular Swaddlers are very good, these sensitive diapers have the moisture indicator. It is a yellow stripe that turns blue if there is any moisture in the diaper and we find it to be invaluable.

We tried other brands for newborns and found these to be the best.

I highly recommend this product and think this is the finest disposable diaper.
I love swaddlers the color changing line when wet is great for little babies, absorbency is way better than value brand diapers. My kids have never peed through them. These diapers are a bit more expensive but worth it.
I love the Pampers Swaddlers and the Pampers Sensitives for my 2-month old daughter. I haven't seen the first sign of diaper rash and they are the best smelling diapers hands down.
Pampers defenitly holds to the dirty diapers. The fit on my baby is perfect, love the blue line that tells you diaper is dirty.
With two kids under two - we have tried our share of diapers. These are by far the softest and most absorbent - and I absolutely am thrilled that they now make them up to a size 5!
If the hospital recommends Pampers Swaddlers they must be good! I've been very happy with the quality of these diapers for my newborn since day 1.
I like it because it fit very well to my baby !!!!
I would recommend Pampers Swaddlers to all moms, new or old. I just love the cut out for the umbilical cord. They are a great diaper for the fit and keeps my baby dry, new and improved. Pampers are priced good so they don't break the bank. I give Pampers Swaddlers 5 stars.
For the first six months the only diaper I ever even tried were the Swaddlers. I am a first time mom and the wetness strip was a life saver with a newborn !! Dad seemed to like it too. I rarely have experienced leaks ... only on those tough times where I doubt any diaper would have been completely successful !
I love the dryness indicator because I can tell how wet my son is and if I really need to change him at that time.
When it comes to a dirty diaper Pampers not only keeps my baby dry and happy but rarely leaks (unless of course someone has had a rather large blow out)!
We tried many types of diapers when our daughter was first born all of them leaked, didn't fit right, or were horrible quality. When we switched to pampers swaddlers we were hooked!! They fit our daughters small build wonderfully. We never have leaks! The sensitive ones we use work wonderfully on her sensitive skin. Size wise they last longer on her! We are so in love with these diapers and would never want to use another brand!! Thank you Pampers!!!
We love all the pampers products we've tried!! Great quality!
The fit is great and the absorbancy is wonderful as well. I mostly love the blue indicator a strip as it is hard sometimes to tell if she has peed without it.
These diapers worked the best for us. They kept the moisture away & fit great. The cutout for the umbilical cord on the smaller sizes was very nice. We used these until size 4.
Out of all the diapers on the market I have found Pampers to have the best quality overall. I can count on Pampers to keep my baby dry and eliminate accidents that other brands do not compare.
Being a brand new mom, I valued other mom's reviews on different diaper brands and I was sure I was going to like the "other" brand right away. Turns out our hospital used Pampers from the get-go and I haven't been disappointed since. I love how the swaddlers feel and fit on my baby and I have not had a single leak, even with what felt like the heaviest #1 diaper baby has had! I highly recommend Pampers diapers above all the other brands!
I'm very pleased with all pampers products. I would recommend!
This diapers are very good! They never leak and fit great
Best diapers for babies compared to other brands!!! Keeps babies skin dry ..
My hospital used pampers swaddlers on the newborns and my husband and I like them so much that we continued using them for the children up to size 3.
I have been using pampers swaddlers from day one with my daughter. I love how dry they keep her.
We have used Pampers Swaddlers since day 1 and our young has been very comfortable and happy with you guys. In emergency situations we have used other brands but they were not as secure and leaked. We have subscribed to diaper deliver to reduce the chances of that ever happening again.
Will only use Pampers. Pampers are the best for keeping my babies dry!
We love Pampers Swaddlers! We have been satisfied with all their products, but Swaddlers ahas exceeded our expectation. From fit and absorbency to comfort and softness we will always use Swaddlers!
I love this products! It never leak and my baby has never got a diaper rush.
I loved using swaddlers for all 3 of my kids when they were in size newborn to 1. Very soft, kept them dry. Also love the wetness line on the diaper when they are so small.
I love these diapers. They are soft on baby's skin. I really also like they started making these up to size 5! Babies r babies no matter what age.
I always thought Huggies were made to fit your baby. But PAMPERS fit perfect. There soft and they do not leak and smell so good like a baby! There also very good If your baby has sensitive skin. I love pampers and there products.
This product is wonderful, these have been on our son since he was born. He was born 4 weeks premature and is now 7 weeks but still in newborn diapers. Pampers Swaddlers in Newborn are still the only diapers that will fit him around the leg and stomach!! Diapers are very absorbent and love the color changing indicator!!
These diapers work the best for our daughter, who has thin legs, that other diaper brands don't conform well to.
Great product, but kind of pricey...but they're great for sensitive skin.
Best diapers out there. Never once had we had a leak.
I've tried both Huggies and Pampers and by far the Pampers are the best in every way. Huggies are very stiff and do not absorb as well as the soft Pampers. To any new Mom I would recommend Pampers! I love the yellow/blue strip as well, very helpful for new parents figuring out when a diaper needs to be changed. Oh, and the Pampers reward program is much better!!
Love love love pampers. I love the baby dry the most for at night time for my daughter. I'll always use pampers!!
Alwsys hold up real good n haven't had any leak issues!
My little one never slept through the night before. He would.wake up.crying because he was wet. Once I switched him from.Huggies to pampers he sleeps ten house straight! Amazing
; I like this pampers product especially because it has a wet indictator...
I love pampers diapers swaddlers because i do not have to guess when the diaper needs to be changed ;)
I absolutely LOVE Pampers Swaddlers! The wetness indicator is a life safer and keeps us from using so many diapers. I'm so glad they go all the way to size 5 now.
I prefer dry pampers! No leaks, fits perfectly, very absorbent, great product!
Pampers provide the best fit and absorbency for our baby and toddler. They are thinner when wet than other brands and help contain the odors.
I loved using Swaddlers for my daughter and was upset when she grew out of them. Loved the yellow like that turned green when she peed!! They smell great, feel soft and never gave us a leakage issue! I used them from the day she was born!
I have tried all kinds of diapers and I always come back to Pampers. I won't buy anything else now. I gave all other brands the benefit of the doubt but none compare to these!
We have tried plenty of diapers. Pampers in our eyes are by far the best. They may cost a little more but definitely are worth it. No more blow outs....lol.
The best brand on the market , Well worth the money.
These are great, love the color changing wetness indicator. Also the umbilical cord notch is great too because with other diapers you may fold down to avoid discomfort, this has a little cut out for baby's comfortability. Absorbancy is great.
Pampers swaddlers are my favorite! They fit my daughter great and she does not leak out of them. They do not leave marks on her body!
Love pampers swaddlers! I used them for my son ever since he was born. Great quality, great price, great brand!
I truly love these diapers. They are the best we have used, and I have tried everything! They were perfect for her as a newborn in fit and in letting us 'learn' to change constantly because of the little line that changes color when it's wet. They are perfect even now with her being nine months old! We are definite fans and will be sad when she grows big enough that she has to move on to another style of diaper.
I love the wetness indicator on the swaddlers very helpful
I absolutely love all pampers products!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Even my hospital used pampers. The first diaper my baby wore! Pamper swaddlers fit snug around the legs and didn't bunch. My baby was dry and that makes a new mom feel good!
This diaper is a must HAVE for sleepy time. It really helps absorb really well at night.
I love the fit and freshness of the diapers. I love how the majority of the time it holds in the blowouts! Haha Huggies can not compare. They don't hold up!
I love Pampers Swaddlers! I love how they have the lining on the inside to help keep the baby dry. I also like how it has the wetness indicator, as a mother of three, it's happened before where I have changed a diaper only to find it was still dry. Pampers swaddlers help eliminate the 'guessing game' per say :) Best of Luck to all the new mommies out there!
We've tried them all and we always come back to Pampers Swaddlers
Besides for the wetness indicator which is brilliant, these diapers do not leak. I have tried other diapers for my son and they do not stay as snug and secure and leak from top and sides.
Pampers are our favorite for newborn babies. The fit is great and the quality is high. Pampers are a bit more expensive, but worth it during those early days.
I have a 5 and 7 year old and used Pampers then, I now have a 11 week old and I love Pampers Swaddlers more than ever! I swear they are better then they were years ago. They pull the moisture away from baby better then any other brand. They fit great and she has never had diaper rash while wearing Pampers!
Pampers Swaddlers are so great!! These diapers absorb without leaking, are made of soft material, and show a green line when your baby has urinated.
These diapers I chose over huggies from the day my daughter was born. Being exhausted the wetness indicator helped a lot! They soak up the dirty mess every time. They don't leak out the side or make a huge mess across my daughters bottom like the huggies did. I love these diapers, they smell amazing too!
We had a diaper shower and received a variety of diapers to try when my son was born. Right away we put Pampers at the top of our preferred list. They are tighter around the legs and are much softer than the other brands. I love their Baby Dry brand which allows our little one to sleep a little longer. They may be a few more dollars than the store brand, but in the long run, you end up breaking even by using fewer diapers because Pampers are much stronger and more durable than the cheaper brands.
We love pampers, they are simply the best! Pampers is our preferred diaper brand! We have never had an issue with any of your products!
My daughter is 5 months old and we have been using pampers from the begining. We love how gentle and comfortable they are on her sensitive skin.
I love how dry they keep my baby, he hasn't really had any rashes his whole life because of the pampers swaddlers!!
very soft doesn't irritate my baby's skin, and the wet indicator is very convenient
Love the wetness indicator on the diapers, should have them on all diaper products.
I use these day and night for my son and LOVE them!
We used pampers diapers and wipes with our first child, and now use it with the second child also. Recommend this products to our friends.
Loved these for my newborn!! They are nice and soft.
With twin 2 year olds, I don't have time to be changing clothes and bed sheets or chasing them around to see if they have a wet diaper. The color changing wetness indicator lets me know when its time to change them. Also, the absorbancy liner helps keep the wetness locked in and we don't have any leaks! Love them!
I love pampers. I've tired Huggies & pampers. I threw the Huggies away!!! Pampers have a great fit.
I have tried other brands and always end up back with Pampers!
I HAVE ALWAYS BEEN A PAMPERS PERSON BECAUSE I LOVE HOW WELL THE DIAPERS ABSORB WETNESS. SINCE MY FIRST DAUGHTER 12YEARS AGO I WOULDNT USE ANY OTHER DIAPER TO MY NEWBORN TODAY. I LOVE THE NEW COLOR CHANGING INDICATOR SEEMS SO HIGH TECH.
These are fabulous diapers, they feel like cotton and do not make the awful noise many diapers do. They feel soft and seem quite comfortable. I highly recommend all Pampers products.
There is definitely a reason that the Pampers Swaddlers box says "#1 choice used in hospitals." These are what my sweet baby boy were put in from day one, and they've worked out great so far. I didn't have any reason to try other brands until a friend bought me some Huggies, I decided to try them out. After three leaks in a row, I thought "this is stupid, I love the Swaddlers" and we haven't used anything else since. They're so soft, fit well, I feel I can really get them as tight as I need them to be. They've contained a lot of messes, and the only leaks we've had were due to positioning of the baby, nothing the diaper could have stopped. All in all, we won't be trying any other kinds from now on!
After using every other brand of diaper, this is the only kind that works for us. We very rarely have a leakage and when we do it's because of the amount of fluids my boys drink. As a mother of twins I go through diapers like crazy.
Pampers are most definitely my favorite diapers for my baby girl. The smell and the softness is what sold me. We also use the sensitive wipes for her. The only time I have had issues with the pampers is when she had about a week long stomach bug, that gave her constant diarrhea. She would go, and it would go straight up her back and since the back has no elastic what so ever it just comes out and would have to change her outfit almost every time.
I loved using Swaddlers for my son until he grew out of them. The wetness indicator is awesome! The only time I can remember any issues with leakage was due to my error... forgot I had a boy lol
Started buying these with my oldest daughter.
Tried all brands but absolutely love pampers and
That is all I buy!! They fit perfect and stay dry through
The night. My youngest daughter now wears them
And I recommend them to all my new mommy friends!
Definitely recommend Pampers Swaddlers. They have been the best diapers we have used for our daughter!
I have tried various brands of diapers for my little ones and I always end up back with Pampers. Though they are somewhat more expensive than all other brands, I feel that they are totally worth it to get a great quality product.
We've tried tons of brands but swaddlers were by far our fav! Snug, super soft and kept our girl dry and comfy
Great quality as usual. I wouldn't use anything else.
The swaddles are the best diapers made for babies. They work GREAT and absorb all the moisture.
Swaddlers work best for my son. I have been using them since he was born. They fit well and they don't usually leak.
I really loved the swaddlers. They hold very well when my son sleeps through the night.
We love Pampers Swaddlers so much that we were *delighted* to discover that they now come in size 5! We are happy to keep our child in Swaddlers as long as possible - thank you for making them in this size!
Pampers are my favorite diapers. They have worked the best with all three of my children. I use Pampers exclusively with my kids.
Been using pampers since I had my first son in 2006. No problems At all
Best diapers!!!! I refuse to use any other brand other then Pampers!!! My son has leaked twice in 3 months and only cause daddy didn't put them on tight enough!!!!!
Very good quality! I use these on both of my girl, always choose Pampers!
I have used Pampers since my daughter was born. To me it is the best quality diaper on the market. It absorbs and keeps my baby dry. I have used other brand name diapers where the absorption quality was horrible causing a mess. I love the Swaddlers. The umbilical cord notch and the wetness indicator definitely made things much easier and the baby was always comfortable. I definitely recommend Pampers to new moms!
I prefer only using Pampers they're the most comfortable and best quality.
This is my husbands and I first baby together, we had an adorable baby girl! The hospital have us a few samples of Pampers when we left. We used those and they worked very well, we tried another brand when we ran out and she instantly broke out in a rash! We immediately switched back! I really like the yellow line that turns blue! They work very very good over night when she is sleeping and doesn't get up till in the morning! We have only had one "blow out" when she was a new born but never again. The wipes are smooth and easy on her skin yet they get the job done very well! I have the refills and the travel packs! The only negative is they dry out with the wipe warmer! But overall I am thoroughly pleased with the Pampers Products!
Wouldnt change even if some one paid me. Love them
We've only used these diapers and love them. We will only use These.
These are my favorite diapers by far! Best absorbency and love the convenience of the wetness indicator.
I love the swaddlers line of diapers. I equate swaddlers with luxury. I used swaddlers as opposed to cruiser for my newborn bc it had the color change on the diaper to let me know when my daughter peed. But Swaddlers is more expensive than cruiser and the other lines so I purchased cruisers when my girls got a few months older.
These diapers are soft, gentle and very effective at keeping a baby dry without rash. I exclusively used them for my baby until no longer in the largest available size at that time. My only disappointment is that these diapers weren't available in 4's and 5's until recently.
My daughter was a Preemie & Pampers is the only brand out there I could find that made Preemie sized diapers. They fit her perfectly and kept her very dry! We have now graduated to the newborn size & plan to use Pampers swaddlers for the remaining diaper years.
I've tried just about all the diaper brands there are on the market but I keep coming back to pampers. These are the only diapers I've found hold throughout the night with my son!
This is the only diaper we buy. Both our boys have enjoyed these diapers!
Swaddlers are the only diapers we use for our daughter. We started in Newborns and are now in size 3! We had to use other diapers when we ran out in the past and they never fit our baby right, and they didn't absorb and keep the skin dry like the Pampers Swaddlers do. We won't use anything else now! They keep our baby comfortable and dry- not to mention how convenient the wetness indicator is! I recommend this product to all moms.
We have used pampers from day one with my son. We tried just about every other diaper on the market and always came back to pampers. Nothing else compares!
Pampers never fails. I've had two children and used Pampers the entire time they were babies. I will never use another brand. Highly recommend Pampers
I love how snuggled my son appears in Swaddlers. The color-changing wetness indicator is such a big help.
Have always loved pampers diapers. They truly are the best quality for the money. Over the 5 years I have been using them I have had less than a dozen faulty diapers ( tabs ripping off before use or deformed). The color changing band is especially helpful with newborns and for an indicator when potty training.
I love Pampers swaddlers. My second son born 9 months ago was a preemie. He was born at 25 weeks and in the NICU they used Pampers Swaddlers. I love them! Not only did I use them with my first but once my second came home I use them for him too. I love that they are so absorbent, I have never had them leak. They are also gentle on babies skin. No rashes ever.
The hospital that my son was delivered in used these diapers. After coming home and using some other diaper brands we decided to continue to use pampers. My son was 3 weeks early, weighting 6.7lbs. The Swaddlers fit
Him the best! The fit snuggly sround his small waist. Other brands I tried didnt hold anything in, they just leaked due to not being small enough for small babies.
These diapers are the best diapers. I have tried many different diapers and these have been the best. They keep my baby dry and rash free.
I have tried a few diapers and love pampers the best! They keep my kids the driest of them all and hold the most for over night. These are the kinds I buy people for as gifts.
I like the wetness indicator and it comes in small and large sizes.
Love the pamper products will always use pamper products on all my kids.
PAMPERS WERE THE DIAPER THE NURSES USED IN THE HOSPITAL SHE WAS BORN IN. THEY SENT ME HOME WITH A PACKAGE OF SWADDLERS. THEY WORKED WONDERFUL! MY HUSBAND ESPECIALLT LIKED THE INDICATOR STIPE WHICH SHOWED SHE WAS WET. (TOOK THE GUESS WORK OUT) AFTER SIZE 3 SHE HAD GROWN OUT OF SWADDLERS, BUT WE STUCK WITH PAMPERS BECAUSE THEY WORKED SO WELL. SHE WAS USING THE BABY DRY STYLE UP UNTIL RECENTLY. WE WERE SO HAPPY WHEN SWADDLERS BECAME AVAILABLE UP TO SIZE 5. ONCE AGAIN MY HUSBAND COMMENTED HOW HAPPY HE WAS THEY WERE AVAILABLE IN THE LARGER SIZE, HE SAYS THAT IT'S JUST THE BEST DIAPER OVERALL. HERE AND THERE, WE HAVE TRIED OTHER BRANDS, BUT WE ALWAYS COME BACK. THESE ARE TRUELY WORTH EVERY PENNY!
Loved these on my newborns. I liked the cord cut out. We had no issues with they area because of it.
Pampers is better than any other diaper. My son pees through diapers and haven't on pampers
Pampers swaddlers was the perfect choice for my family as a new mom. It really helped to have the color change strip which made determining when she was wet much easier on us. When you are just trying to figure out what motherhood is all about, it helps to have a diaper that makes the experience easier. Specially in the beginning when your little one is creating dirty diapers every 1/2 hour to hour. The soft material of the diaper cuddled to her body to make a snug fit. Overall, excellent product.
Swaddlers were great. With twins, we never had one leak, not any rashes! We never even thought about trying anything else. It always seemed to risky because we had a great thing going with the swaddlers! And now we've moved onto cruisers!!
Pampers have always had great products and great quality.
I love the swaddlers diapers. They fit perfectly and I love the wetness indicator. Very helpful for me as a first time mom during the first few weeks.
Awesome product!!! It's perfect for my baby who so active.
Keeps the baby nice and dry all day!! Helps mom get a goodnights rest
These are the best diapers. I've tried literally everything on my twins. We've never had a blow out using pampers. They're pricy but worth it.
We've tried other brands of diapers but only found that Pampers fit the best and did not leak.
Pampers diapers are the greatest diapers ever! Both my sons wear them and fit great. We have never had a problem.
I have two boys and have been buying Pampers for almost 3 years now. I love Pampers swaddlers because they are so soft, fit great, and we hardly have any leaks!
I have used pampers products from the time my daughter was born. And will use them again with my bext child.
As a new mom, I learned quickly that I prefer Pampers Swaddlers. My husband and I love that there is a stripe that indicates when the diaper is wet. That stripe, along with a baby who didn't like a wet diaper, helped with keeping a baby with a healthy bottom. She never had a diaper rash in her first 9 months of her life.
We use these diapers every day! Excellent wetness protection. I never have to worry about leaks!
I am a first time mom, and I wasn't sure which diapers would be the best for my son. I am happy to say that the swaddlers were/are a great choice, and are worth the money. Haven't had any bad luck with them. A bonus is the dry/wet indicator! Overall I am proud to say I am a Pampers mom, and will continue to use them!
these are great diapers and the only ones I will use for my little ones.
Swaddlers are by far the best diaper I've used with my twins. They are so soft and absorbent. I love them!
Great products, love how they are great quality and smell so fresh and clean
I have used swaddlers for both my boys and they have worked great. Love the wetness indicator.
Overall these diapers are one of the best disposable diapers. I've tried quite a few different brands but I keep coming back to pampers.
These sturdy and absorbant diapers fit my newborn great and I don't have to worry about her leaking through!
If your baby doesn't have extremely sensitive skin, these are wonderful!
I really liked the colored bar on the front of the diaper to let me know when the diaper was wet. I found it very helpful for my first baby.
We were lucky to have been given these as a gift! Our baby needed constant diaper changes in the beginning and felt like cheaper diapers did not wick away as well as Pampers Swaddlers. The swaddlers have a woven-like layer on top that really helped separate the wet portion of diaper from her bottom. We only buy swaddlers (note that the Pampers Sensitive are also swaddlers). I also find the wetness indicator incredibly helpful, especially since it helps me figure out why she is crying sometimes. We've used some diapers without indicators and find ourselves changing them without knowing if they are even wet when she cries just in case which wastes diapers. We love swaddlers!
Love these diapers theu the best use them alot with my newborn
My baby loves Pampers diapers, as do my husband and I. My husband loves the fact that these diapers have a wetness indicator on them. I have found that Pampers diapers fit my baby very well. We had tried another brand but found that they did not fit our baby as good as Pampers. The other brand leaked. I would recommend Pampers products to anyone!
I love the pampers swaddlers with their wet indicator. Saves time and diapers. Also, with my baby's sensitive skin she can only wear pampers.
I LOVE putting Pampers Swaddlers on my little boy!! They fit him well, keep him dry and comfortable (especially at night). I get the most for my money with this product :)
In our house Pampers is the only brand we like. Tried others but they are just not as good.
I absolutely love Pampers diapers and wipes. I put my daughter in the swaddlers at night and it holds up all night until I change her the next morning. Great quality!
More diapers should have the mesh inside to keep everything away from the babies body. Love how they fit too
I'm so happy they extened the sizes for the swaddlers. When my son got to big for the swaddlers, we had to go to the cruizers. The cruizers didn't fit as good and didn't seem to keep him as dry. I think it has something to do with the mesh lining in the swaddler. Anyway, LOVE going back to swaddlers and I think my baby is happier now too.
This is my favorite type of diapers! It absorbs well and easy to identify. Definitely recommend it!
Swindlers are the best and I love the indicator line.
We tried both pampers and huggies on our 1 year old over night and pamper wouldn't leak like huggies. On our newborn same thing when he wore huggies I had to change his outfit with every diaper. No problems with pampers!
Great diaper. Swaddles baby just right. Blue indicator is a great help when quickly checking to see if baby is wet.
I love how soft pampers swaddlers are! they are a must for my baby!
I have used the sensitive wipes and pampers swaddlers for both my sons and have loved them through both boys. My second son we've stayed with pampers cruisers rather than switching to another brand and have had a great experience. They are super soft and absorbent. We have had a couple leaks through the night but I don't think any diaper would be able to handle the amount of fluid after a hot day and lots of liquids.
Love these diapers! I tried another brand that just leaked like crazy! Never had a problem with pampers :)
As a new mom, I had no idea what I was looking for in wetness, or anything. The strip was amazing to have as first time parents! I was so sad when swaddles didn't go past itty bitty size for my first. My second they did, and we just graduated from them. They are amazing~ They fit perfectly, they always had goos containment, and my kids were always comfortable with them on!
These diapers are THE BEST. I've tried other brands and nothing comes close. They are really soft and fit my baby perfectly. I love that there is plenty of room around my baby's middle. Some other brands have to be stretched more but these are really easy to get around baby and secure. The little yellow/blue line is great too. It's so easy to see when your baby is wet.
We tried several brands of diapers when our baby girl was born and none of them can even begin to compare to the swaddlers! We love them!
These are the only diapers we buy. Work so much better than anything else
I like the wetness indicator, especially for the larger size diapers.
Being a first time mom meant I was new to buying diapers. My girlfriends recommended pampers swaddlers and they were right! The hospital had them for their diaper brand and the wetness indicator is genius!! Pampers swaddlers have been so great that we've never switched to another diaper! Our daughter hasn't "blown out" yet while we've used these diapers! We're definitely fans for life!!
I was so pleased when I discovered these diapers with the umbilical cord notch cut out!
As a new mommy I have bought lots of different diapers for my little one, but pampers Swaddlers were always the best for her.
First of all, she never had any diaper rush while wearing pampers swaddlers. Their unique absorb away liner did its magic. Her skin was always soft and not irritated.
Second, I like how they perfectly fit around legs. No leaks, no mess.
I would definitely recommend pampers Swaddlers to everyone!
Pampers are amazing i wouldnt use any other diaper for my 17 month old and baby boy due may 25th!
Love the color changing wetness indicator! It helps when they are so little to know when they need changing by just looking at the diaper.
Love pampers swaddles, my baby girl is 5 months and we have only had 1 leak and that was because she fell asleep super early. They fit nicely.
I was given a variety of diapers through baby showers, now that my little guy is here(3weeks old this week) I've used pretty much all varieties. Wal-Mart brand feels like cardboard! He peed right out of almost every single Huggies natural diapers with newborn belly button cut out (thought it was just me and I was putting them on wrong when my neighbor asked about hers. Her son is five weeks older then mine and she had the same issues) Luvs and every other diaper he'd wake up about 4-5 Times a night wet. Pampers, I change him 2-3 Times a night and he sleeps soundly! I'm returning ALL unopened packages of diapers and getting PAMPERS! Thank you Pampers!
I love swaddlers diapers for many reasons. I really like the blue line that shows if her diaper needs to be changed. The always fit prefect for me.
Have been using them since my baby was born,and i wont use any other diapers.
We tried all overnight diapers these by far are the best. A little expensive but I guess worth it!
These diapers kept my baby's bottom remarkably dry
This is the softest diaper I have come a crossed yet!
I love pampers products. They're the only ones I use. They keep my baby dry all day and night and the wipes are great! They are always wet enough and they handle any job that needs cleaning. Better than other brand wipes and diapers!!
I've been using Pampers swaddlers since my son was born & will not use anything else.
I love the reliability of Pampers. I know the likely hood of having a blow out or leaky diaper is very low because the product is so good.
I have been using Swaddlers since my baby was born (newborn size). Great diapers in my opinion.
I love Pampers Swaddlers! They are super soft, and fit great. The legs fit snugly and are great at "containment."
We've used pampers swaddlers ever since our baby was born because the hospital provided them, we've tried many different brands since then but we find ourselves to always go back to swaddlers in the end. It is the softest diaper around, and i love how gentle it is to my baby's bottom. The lining is very absorbent. We also love the wetness indicator, it is especially helpful for first time parents of a newborn.
I love how soft and bendable Swaddlers are. They are absorbent and the wetness strip is my absolute favorite feature.
never had to change the bed sheets due to a pampers diaper leaking and my daughter is almost 3.
I love the pamper that has the line in it to let you know the baby wet.
we use only pampers and prefer swaddlers and sensitive over baby dry. they've been great for our son, daughter, and twinfants!
We love pampers!! My daughter is so tiny they are the only things that fit, I was very surprised they stay dry longer than huggies!
I like swaddlers the best. they seem the most comfortable fit and aren't bulky.
We like swaddlers, they were great for our newborn.
I love the Swaddlers, and am very happy they offer a size 5 now. I have never had any problems with leaks, blow outs, ect. My favorite diaper ever.
My only complaint with all diapers, is that you keep getting less and less for the same price as you go up in size.
I used the swaddlers for my daughter from the time she was born, luckily, when she needed to go to size 5, they just introduced them! Since she's not a skinny minnie, we're now at size 6 and can no longer wear them :( However, the cruisers are great too! Never leaks, fit great, loved them!!
Loved them when baine was a new born 3 years ago and I loved the fact as a first time mom with no family around to help I liked the strip that showed he had went potty. I will recommend them to all of my friends who will and has had babies.
Thank you
First time mom
Love how it fits and absorbs everything without leaking.
My husband and I were/and still are very happy with Pampers Swaddlers. Our son never had a leaky diaper or red marks. We started with the Newborn diapers, which were great with a healing umbilical cord stump. He always ended up being being too big for his current size, but too small for the next size. We would have loved to have a half size! :) But even with the diaper being too big, because of side flaps, he still stayed dry. Overall, we are very satisfied and will continue to use Pampers as he gets older.
I love pampers swaddlers and have used them since my son was born. I like the wetness indicator - this was our first baby, so it was great in the very beginning to know exactly when he was wet! Now we can tell the difference, but this was a feature that came in handy in the first few weeks!
Amazing quality as always!! I will not use anything different!!
The Color-changing wetness indicator is my favorite thing about these diapers. It makes dealing with the sleepless nights just a little easier!
Pampers swaddlers and cruisers are the only ones I use for my kids. They fit great and stay dry longer!
Pampers Swaddlers diapers are the best style of Pampers diapers available. Keep baby dry
I have tried different brands of diapers and by far Pampers is the best. They hold more and are more absorbent. I absolutely love the wet indicator! No more sticking your finger inside to see if she is wet or not. I am a loyal pampers customer. Now until she gets out of diapers.
I love pampers brand! I used pampers diapers on my first child,even used the pull ups, which worked great! I now have my second child and again am using pampers! Awesome product and would not use any other brand.
They are very soft and absorbent.
They fit very well on my preemie baby boy. Great fit.
I am very impressed with the way that pampers fit my baby boy! They even have their own "scent" that smells good! ;-) I tried another type of diaper and would not go back.
Pampers are my favorite brand of diapers for my 20 month old son. Ive tried SEVERAL other kinds and pampers are the best. they fit better than any other diaper and hold in all of his urine overnight. I ran out of pampers and was using a cheaper diaper brand and in the morning my son woke up with urine all over him and his bed sheets that had leaked thru.....ive NEVER had that issue with pampers diapers. The Swaddlers kind of Pampers is the best. The Cruisers are second best but i love the 'urine indicator' strip on the front of the diapers on the swaddlers kind. Most of the time you can feel thru their clothes and you can tell the diaper is full. But when I'm out and about with my son, its so easy to just check the strip on the diaper and you can tell how much they went by the color of the strip and how far up it goes, its just a nice feature to have :) When he's running around the house playing in just a diaper, if you see the blue strip then you know its time to change him, you dont even have to check. the Cruisers kind are super cute tooo! They have seseme street characters pn the front and on the backside with strips or whatnot. I love how they look :)
I use Pamper Swaddlers on my 9month old. She has been in them since she came home from the hospital in them. She has never had a diaper rash, we have never had to change the sheets in the middle of the night due to leaking, This is the 4th child in the family to wear Pampers, and while they cost more than their competitors, we save money by not having diaper rashes and tons of laundry.
I loved the swaddler diapers for my newborn. Great fit, I never worried about leakage. Also, loved the wetness indicator line. Excellent diaper!
We've tried all diaper brands and Pampers are the only ones that stay intact holding overnight wetness... Well worth the money!
Pampers swaddlers are the best choice for us. We've tried other brands that people have is and have continued to use the pampers swaddlers. They are the most absorbent and have had the least leaks of all brands. We will continue to use pampers through our son's diaper stage.
Pampers are the only diapers I will use on my baby's bum! No other diaper could even compare to pampers!
Pampers is the only product that I use for my son! I have tried others & nothing else compares. Swaddlers & Cruisers are my favorite of the diapers. They are so soft, fit great & are super absorbent. I also use only Pampers wipes..they are the only wipes out there that clean up like they are supposed to! And they aren't overly expensive!
I love Pampers products & will continue to use them always!
I Love Pamper diapers they are the best they fit perfect used them 8 yrs ago with my son and now using them with my new born daughter.
Pampers have the best fit and comfort to our baby. We prefer pampers diapers and wipes. They are the best you can get!
We've tried the other brands as our daughter has grown but pampers have been the way to go. They fit the best and are a great value.
I love Swaddlers so much!!! They completely pull all moisture away from my little ones tushie and she always feels dry. Even her loose stools gets soaked up and pulled away from her. We never experience diaper rash and I believe it's because of the Swaddlers!!!
Used in NICU so we've continued using them and love them.
We have a 9 week old and I've used these since she was born. They are more expensive than the leading brands but worth it.
I love pampers swaddlers, I was introduced to them in the hospital and refuse to use anything else for my 2 month old. Pampers swaddlers are the best around.
Love your diapers & wipes! Would never use another brand
When our son was born, the hospital provided Pampers Swaddlers. At home, we had a variety of diapers from store brands to leading Pamper competitors from the baby shower waiting for us to use. After using so many different brands, we determined that Pampers were definitely our favorite. They never leaked for us, unlike several other diapers (lesson learned after multiple outfits and bed sheets were soiled). They may cost more than store brands, but when we figured out the cost of doing the extra laundry that came from using those brands, we actually ended up with a better value using Pampers.
I love pampers, because of the great absorbency and stretchy waist. We never have a leak. I have tried other brands without the stretch and we have always had a big mess.
I absolutely love Pampers Swaddlers and Swaddlers Sensitives. They hold up well at night, which is especially good since my little one is finally sleeping through the night. They hold everything in, unlike other brands where I had to change his whole outfit every time he pooped. And the best thing is they do not cause diaper rash like the Baby Dry diapers do. I only buy Swaddlers.
These diapers are the best! My LO has never gotten a diaper rash from them even though she has sensitive skin. The yellow/blue line helps as a reminder that LO is wet, and I love the mesh liner that seems to keep everything in. Never had a blow - out! (Knock on wood!)
I love it and so does my baby boy. After six hours of wet diaper its still dry and no rash nothing. We tried other brand too but he got rashes and after three hours I needed to change it otherwise it was wet and it leaked so many times. We love pampers.
The best diapers ever! I love the swaddlers! They keep my baby dry!!
Swaddlers are the only diapers I use on my son. I received a lot of different brands at my baby shower, however pampers swaddlers were the only ones proven to work.
Pampers Swaddlers are, hands down, the best diaper. Perfect for newborn because of the wetness strip, softness, and dryness.
I've used Pampers for both of my girls, and they are the best!!!! Plus, the cute Sesame Street characters are so adorable!!
These diapers are great because my son is sensitive to certainones. It was definitely nice once they increased the size for these diapers also. They fit awesome my husband only let's me buy these diapers because they are the only ones he loves.
The material of the diapers is soft. The absorbency is effective. We love the wetness indication which is very helpful.
I love the wetness indicator, and how soft it is on baby's skin.
Very good product for newborns! It turns blue on the front when the pamper is wet which is very helpful!
Pampers are my favorite I think they are the best with absorbance and quality. Just wish they were less expensive.
This is what they used at my hospital, and we continue to use them at home. I love the absorbency, the fit, the scent, everything!
Only diaper I will buy. It is the only one my kids do not brake out in.
Excellent quality, it letting you know when to change baby's diaper by changing color from yellow to blue. Love this product a lot. Didn't have this product in 90's.
I'm been very impressed with pamper diapers. I think they are little over priced but I guess the quality makes up for that.
Our family loves pampers and having that convenient notch was wonderful for our LO.
I love the way the pampers fit on my babies. The diapers don't leak, there comfortable and the diaper has a nice soft scent. Since I have 3 very active kids in diaper, the diapers don't fall off which I was shocked about. I would recommend Pampers to all my friends.
Amazing quality as usual!! Will not use anything else!
I liked the newborn size the best. My baby stayed dry and the diapers absorbed well. Sometimes my son peed out if the side of size 1 as he was transitioning to size 2, but overall we are happy with swaddlers.
Pampers quality is awesome! Not once has my baby leaked through.
My baby is very comfortable in these diapers and they have great absorbency.
I love Pampers swaddlers they fit great, prefect absorbency, they look nice and feels like clothing. I always recommend to my friend and all moms.
We have tried other diapers and none come close to how much we like Pampers.
I have used Pampers Swaddlers since my son was in the preemie size in the NICU. The diapers are so soft and gently on his delicate skin yet the absorbency to keep him dry was amazing!! I am so happy that these swaddlers now go up to size 5!
I have a 4 year old son whom I exclusively used Pampers swaddlers on.. Was just blessed with a baby girl almost 2 weeks ago and once again, using nothing but Pampers! They keep baby girl rdy, comfy, and happy! :)
I love your diapers... they absorb a lot and look really cool... thank you
We have used several other brands with our 5 month old and Pampers have held up best without leaks or accidents
With my new baby, I received many different brands of diapers as gifts. After using three different brands, I can say that Pampers Swaddlers are my favorite. The fit is great, and they did not leak like the other brands.
Was the only diaper we used. Great protection, no leaks, no smell when wet.
I am a huge fan of Pampers Swaddlers and they have always worked well for my daughter.
My daughter is 20 months and is our first child. We had no idea what the difference was from one diaper to the next. I learned quickly that Pampers Baby-dry are the best for night time use - she has been sleeping through the night since she was about 3 months!
I recently switched from baby dry to swaddlers and I'm glad I did!
Pampers are the best brand in the market. They are well worth the money.
I love this the pampers brand would not trade it for no other brand. My babies are very sensitive and pampers brand is the only brand they can use.
This is the one diaper that keeps the rash's away. I recommend this to everyone I know who has a child with sensitive skin.
soft on my baby's skin and great fit! definitely worth it
Love this product!! I love how dry it keeps my baby and the wetness indicator
I love pampers! They are able to hold up to my little one sleeping 12 hours at night with no leaks! They are definitely the only diapers we use at our house!
I love swaddlers. They are a comfortable fit for my baby boy.
My 6 month old daughter loves Pampers Swaddlers and as do I!!
Love the Pampers Swaddlers for my newborn. They fit well and are super absorbent! Cross your fingers we haven't had any blow outs yet!
When my daughter was born 2 months ago, we had two packages of diapers to see which we liked best. Pampers won hands down.
When I had my first kid I didn't know what Toby especially diapers. I first started out with Huggies swaddlers oh man did I make a mistake..lol the first night I put a Huggies on her it was like she didn't have a diaper on her.it came out of the sides and everything. And they felt rough on the inside to... I was so disappointed...I went to the store the next day and discovered pampers... Love it..... first diaper. They were incredible soft... Nothing leak out... Extra padding around the legs.... And the umbilical cord notch was amazing I didn't have to fold the super down....the rewards put the icing on the cake.... Just love it all away around
M y daughter was 5lb 6oz when she was born and from her first day we have used Pampers swaddlers. She is 7wks old now and out of all the diaper changes we have yet to have a leaky diaper. Yay! These are the softest and best fitting diapers!
I just have a new baby and it's a very good diaper for my little one!
We have used these diapers since our daughter was born and love the line to tell you when they are wet!
I have used pampers since A was born, as that is what they uaed at the hospital. I did try another brand due to them being slightly cheaper, and while they did the job, they just weren't quite as nice as the Swaddlers!
I am very happy Pampers decided to have these diapers in bigger sizes!!
Pampers have the best diapers on the market. I will not buy anything else.
We were given our first Swaddlers as a shower gift and nothing else has compared since. So happy with the quality.
I love everything about a Pampers. I used Pampers for my oldest daughter who is now 8yrs old and I also use them for my 3 month old. I've tried other brands but nothing compares. I recommend them to all of my friends and family and they love them too.
I'm on my third baby and have always used pampers! Nothing better!
We love the Pampers brand, even if it's not the "most economical" as far as price goes. The materials used are softer than store brands and we've never had an issue with leakage when using Pampers. We loved the swaddlers with the indicator strip when we were first starting out as new parents.
I have tried different diapers on my little girl; now almost a year and a half, but every time I think about venturing to a different diaper, I am always disappointed and come back to Pampers! Pampers never fail!
Pampers Swaddlers are the ONLY diapers I buy - they fit perfectly, never leak and I love the wetness indicator strip - was perfect for newborns.
From birth to now 15 months I have been using the Pampers swaddler products. I have always been happy with the fit, comfort level, absorbency, and look.
I have recommended Pampers products to several friends and family over the last 15 months, when asked which diaper line I would recommend.
These diapers fit my daughter the best. They did not leak when she wore them, they moved with her as she wiggled and shifted around.
The hospital that I had my baby at gave me a bunch of these diapers. I received other diapers as gifts and I was much happier with pampers.
Other diapers leaked often and frequently when we tried other products. She would wake up at night soaked from other diapers leaking. As soon as I tried Pampers swaddlers she stayed dry.
I will always use Pampers! We loved the product and the results.
I only use Pampers products but these are the best of the brand!
The absorbency on these diapers is wonderful. I feel like Emma is protected from diaper rash and that her clothing is protected from soil because these diapers really do the trick. The result is a happy baby and less laundry!
Love pampers over luvs and Huggies. Have used all three. And I preferred pampers. No leaks and I love the blue line indicator.
Love these diapers their snug fit allows for no leakage and the best part is that they fit well, but aren't too tight! What a great product!!
Swaddlers offer the best protection against leakage, & work hard to keep baby dry. Especially like blue indicator line for those first month's.
I love the smell they have on them, they fit my daughter just right. I use the overnight ones and she RARELY leaks out of them.
My babys is 6 months old and I have used other brands to see what works best for my new baby and Pampers were the only ones that passed all the tests! I can always count on the quality.
pampers is softest diaper that gives comfort and protection to the baby. it has the colour changing indicator.
I have tried several brands of diapers for my child and I like Pampers the best. It really does hold and no leaks!
Love these diapers! They hold everything my baby can dish out! I like the wetness indicator and the fact that they keep baby dry throughout the night.
Great Coverage and Absorbency for all ages and stages!
Excellent! Only brand I use! feels like cloth not paper.
I would say this is the best diaper over all other brands.
These were the best diapers for our son and his sensitive skin. We have never had a problem with leaks or a diaper rash. I will continue to use pampers for my Little one
Of all the brands we tried Pampers fit the best. Our little man seemed to be sensitive to other brands. He did not break out and there were no marks on his legs from Pampers.
Pampers has always been great for us. We use both Swaddlers and Extra Protection Over-Night. We have had very few leaks and those we had were mostly when we used just Swaddlers for 12 hours over-night (didn't realize he'd sleep that long!). The over-night diapers fixed that! We tried a less expensive brand when trying to save a little bit of money and changed back within 4 diaper changes. They were not that much less expensive and the quality was no where near. We are a Pampers baby:)
We received Swaddler diapers from the hospital and as gifts when our daughter was born. My husband and I love the indicator line! When you are in the first 2 weeks and you are half asleep and half awake at all times, it really helps to know if the baby is wet or not. We continued to purchase Swaddlers and now our daughter is in size 4. We plan to use the Swaddlers into size 5 as well.
I love these diapers, haven't had any leaks and only change my daughter once in the night. They fit nicely around her legs and tummy.
Swaddlers were the diapers the hospital used when my LO was born. We continued to use it as we loved the fit, protection and reassurance they would keep her dry and comfortable
The swaddlers diapers are great for my newborn son. I like that they are very absorbent and they have a cloth like feel.
We have used Pampers Swaddlers for our new born and they are much better than any other competitor.
Always Dry, No Leaks, Perfect Fit, All Means A Very Happy Baby & Mommy Too!
I had tried vairous brands of diapers and Pampers Swaddlers was the best fit. I had fewer leaks and I loved the wetness indicator.
When we were having our son several people said Pampers were the way to go. They were right. We have tried other diapers, but nothing work as consistent as Pampers.
These are my absolute favorite diaper! We have tried others and nothing compares to the quality. Other diapers tend to leak or not fit as well. The price is completely justified when you consider time/money spent on cleanup of clothes/bed/etc when soiled.
I have tried Huggies, Parent's Choice, and Pampers Sensitive and Natural Care wipes. Pampers Sensitive wipes were the only ones that didn't irritate my baby's skin after diaper changes. I didn't need to use any kind of ointment or paste until just recently. She's almost 1 now. These wipes are soft, strong, and smooth. They don't tear easily and handle messes very well. They're also good for wiping my baby's face, hand, and neck. Just a nice gentle wipe. My baby has never complained with these wipes and yours won't either if you choose Pampers Sensitive wipes. They're the best ones out there.
I have 3 kids & pampers brand products have always been the best & most reliable for me, & my babies never had diaper rash or anything
Pampers are the only diaper I will use. None of the competition is even close to the product that Pampers has. Keeps the little one dry. Fits well. Contains the mess.
My daughter started off in Pampers in the hospital. Upon our return home, we used other brands that we received as gifts at my shower. We were not satisfied with any of them the way we were with Pampers. We brought the others to the store and exchanged them for Pampers. Her bottom thanks us every day!
Love love love Swaddlers. My baby loves them too. We've put him in other brands but they just don't keep him happy like the Pampers Swaddlers do.
These diapers are a must if you have young children. They even enjoy wearing these diapers.
They are very nice because they allow my fiance and I to see when our son needs to be changed instead of always having to touch the diaper to see.
We have tired many diapers and love the swaddlers. I am so glad these now go up to size 5
Being a first time mom you never know what to buy. And pampers was the right choice. I've tired them all but pampers takes the cake. You'll never find a better diaper! Baby stays dry, no leaks and gain rewards on top of that! You can't find that great of a deal anywhere else!
The most absorbent diapers available. great when diaper changing is not possible.
The swaddled are the best fitting diaper we have used on the market. They beat the other leading brands, hands down.
My twins were born 5 weeks early. Pampers Swaddlers Newborn were the diapers we started using in the hospital. We continued buying them after we came home. Our twins are now 2 weeks old and the swaddlers have continued to keep our babies dry and fit great.
My favorite feature is the wetness indicator. No question whether the baby is wet and needs changing or not! Love them!
Pampers swaddlers are my favorite diaper by far. The hospital that I delivered at used them. When I got home I tried to use some other brands that were given to me at my baby shower. None compared to the swaddlers. I ended up donating the other diapers. My husband really LOVES the color changing line that indicates if the diaper is wet or dry. And she really does stay dryer than with the other brands. I truly believe that she is more comfortable in the swaddler diaper then any other.
Pampers diapers are the best. My 1 year old constantly moves around and we are on the go a lot and the Pampers diapers hold him good. I don't have to worry about wet clothes or car-seats. I am not looking at trying Pampers Pull-ups.
Pamper Swaddlers are amazing diapers. They are the only ones my daughter can wear and not get a rash!
Pampers Swaddlers are by far the BEST diapers on the market!!! The wetness indicator is so cool & helpful! The fit is amazing unlike other diapers that might as well be baby thongs! Great product! Verrrrrry pleased!! :)
I love pampers, best diapers out there. I don't use any other brand on my baby
these diapers are the softest i have found. i have used huggies, luvs, and other store brands but pampers are my top choice.
Love the fit, feel and absorbency of new larger sized Swaddlers. Much better than the other brands I have tried.
Pampers Swaddlers are such a great product.
My baby always seems comfortable and dry, and you can't beat the price especially for such a high quality item!
Love pampers diapers! They fit great and absorb ! Ive tried other products and would only use these.
Having raised three biological children to adulthood and now providing emergency foster care for children aged two and under, I have used a significant number of diapers. I came back to swaddlers for my littlest littles and won't buy anything else. No leaks and the wetness indicators help when others help out with the kiddos that aren't as familiar with day to day babies. Pampers have made my service to these kids so much easier!!!!!
I would never use any other type of diaper. These are great and very absorbent for a toddler who doesn't want to slow down for a change.
I love this product it hold everything in unlike other brands, it doesn't tear or shread after hours and the wipes are great
Awesome fit and great product I love it really nice
Two kids in two years. We love our pamper's products. All of them.
My son is 5 weeks old and since day 1 had been in pampers and only pampers. The downfall is I have to fold down the front of the diaper so it isn't in the way of my sons umbilical hernia.
I have used pampers swaddlers on all three of my children. The wetness indicator is great for those newborn changes and a quick peek is easy to accomplish. I also love that they don't leak even during those newborn days. They are super soft and seem to cushion the babies. I would recommend this product to anyone looking for a great diaper.
My husband and I just absolutely love Pampers Swaddlers Diapers. They are super soft on my baby's skin and provide him with the leak protection he needs. Plus my husband loves the wetness indicator and so do I. It makes checking and changing those little diapers quick and easy every time.
Being a new Mom it was hard to decide which diapers to try but after reading a lot of my parenting magazines and asking friends, I was told that Pampers Swaddlers are the best. We have Ben very impressed with them and how much they can hold. Our baby has begun solids and we were concerned but this diaper has held up to the toughest of messes. We were so happy to see Pampers Swaddlers offers a size 4 and recently came out with a size 5. We are on size 3's and just went and bought a bunch of boxes of the 4's and 5's.
The color change strip is a fantastic thing to have especially when he's being baby sat, no one knows him like mom, but when you can tell from a glance that a new diaper is needed life is happier for everyone.
Since my daughter was born we have only used the pampers swaddlers diapers - they were the ones the hospital gave us to use & we continued with them to present day. The diapers are made with great quality; keeping our little one comfortable and also dry, even at night. I like that they are light weight and flexible around the legs, never leaving marks on her skin.
Our son is a little "potty monster" most nights and he never cries when he's wet, we wake up with a loaded diaper but he is ALWAYS dry feeling and the diapers never leak!! We recommend the Swaddlers to everyone!
I have been using these diapers since day 1 because of a friend's recommendation. They are great!
I love pampers products! I love using Swaddlers!!!
Excellent Diapers! These are the only diapers that do not leak on my son. We had planned on using cloth diapers, but these won us over!!!
they truly are the best and worth the money.
Having Elmo on them is a plus :)
Love Pampers Baby Dry. They fit the best and I know my baby will be dry all night.
I love Pampers! I would recommend them to every new mom!
Soft and comfortable feel.
No skin reaction on either of the twins.
Absorbs whatever they can dish out!
Pampers Swaddlers are GREAT! They fit my baby well. I liked the wetness indicator. it was a great way to see if he was wet without waking him.
I absolutely love Pampers Swaddlers. My daughter is allergic to Huggies, and they are rough on her skin. But Pampers is perfect for her sensitive skin. I would definitely recommend Pampers to anyone and everyone.
I love using swaddlers because they are super absorbent and fit nicely.
My daughter was smaller when she was born. Pampers Swaddlers were the only diapers that would fit her. They fit around her stomach and legs. They were a little too tall for her so I had to fold them around her umbilical cord. The only time she had a blow out was when she was at the upper end of the weight limit for the newborn size. The wetness indicator is an extremely helpful feature especially when you are on the go. I would definitely recommend Swaddlers to my friends.
Love them! Over night diapers! Never leaks through!
My wife and I have tried every diaper brand and type and found Swaddlers to be the most absorbent and skin sensitive for our son. We tried all the natural and organic ones and they worked well for the skin irritation problem but they didn't always hold in what he let out. so those just seemed like a waste of money. the store brands were cheap was chemical laden so our son always broke out in rashes. So Swaddlers was the perfect medium. Absorbent and sensitive enough he doesn't get rashes.
My son is 3 weeks old and we will only use pampers. We've tried many other brands but always come back to these because they fit him the best and are super absorbent!
there very great on baby and now from these days they show on the diaper how it needs to be change on the wetness colors
The fit is exceptional and the diaper is really soft. I have used swaddlers for both my daughters and am impressed at how well they fit compared to other brands.
Loved both my babies wearing pampers swaddlers! They have a cloth like feel to them & really kept them dry. Really appreciated the wetness indicator, knew they were wet just by looking at them. Love they come in larger sizes!!!
Love these diapers. They're the best I've found. Highly recommend them.
I love the pampers swaddlers. They are all my little boy can wear. When tried other brands he always leaked out. I also like the convenient indicator line that turns blue when they are wet. I only buy pampers!!!
I honestly haven't used any other brand I'm sticking to pampers. Why switch when what you have works. If it ain't broke don't fix it
I have used Pampers for all 3 of my children, and I love them! I have tried other diapers (with my first child) and quickly went back to pampers, they never leaked or caused my children to break out from being too harsh on their skin (like other diapers) and I they have only gotten better, I use them now for my 6 month old daughter. When my oldest son was a baby (13 years ago) they didn't have the indicator line like they do now and they are softer than they used to be. I will never use another diaper or wipe on my baby!!!
I have been using Pampers diapers since my daughter was born. My parents bought me Huggies once because they were cheaper and I hated them. Never again. I am definitely a Pampers snob now.
Pampers swaddlers are my choice! I love the wetness indicator on them and how soft the fabric is.
Swaddlers are the softest diapers out there. The fit is great, absorbent and kept my baby dry, and the baby fresh scent always reminds me on my newborn girl. I used them exclusively for my daughter until she began to walk. We then moved into another Pampers diaper! Best around:)
Pampers Swaddlers are our favorite! Love the blue line to always help keep our baby dry!
Only use pampers for my kids - work well overnight
Soft and comfortable - last throughout the night which help with infant's sleep
Was given pampers swaddlers in the hospital and never switched. We tried other brands, cheaper brands, but always returned to the swaddlers. They by far, have the best absorbency and dryness my baby girl needs. Proud swaddlers sporter from newborn to 5!
When my son was born in 2003, I was introduced to Pampered Swaddlers. They always kept him dry and comfortable. When my daughter was born in 2011, I had no doubt on what I'd be using for her and I have been reassured again that they were the best for my children!
I love pampers swaddles my baby boy has wore them since he left the hospital I couldn't ask for a better fit n absorbent diaper there jus so great the price is worth every penny. Forever I will love pampers
We love pampers diapers. Our baby used them in the hospital, and we tried others but they didn't compare to pampers. Pampers keep her dry, and keep her smelling good.
Love the Pampers Swaddlers. My baby girl has been wearing them since she was born and we have never had a problem with them. We love the fit, not too bulky, and not loose around the legs. Fits great for great protection against leaking. Love this product, and love that they make larger sizes now!
When I was testing out different diapers for my baby, I found that Pampers Swaddlers were the best out there! These diapers keep my child dry for quite awhile before I need to change him, The wetness strip is a lifesaver so I know when a diaper change is needed. I would definitely recommend any Pampers brand diaper to my family and friends!
Pampers are hands down the best diapers out there. I will not use any other brand.
These are great for a new mom. I have tried some other brands but keep coming back...
These were recommended to me by nearly all other mothers I spoke with, and in particular for boys. I have been very pleased with them and will continue to use them until he is ready for the Cruisers!
I have tried several different diapers since my daughter was born. I have only found the pampers swaddlers to be the most efficient. She hasn't leaked at all during the night. She started sleeping through the night at 4 weeks old, and the last thing I waned was a wet bed waking her up. Thank you for making such a great diaper!!
They are nice and no rashes. we loved these pamper diapers
Good diapers for babies of all stages! Keep them dry and comfy!
Pampers swaddlers are great for newborns and toddlers. I used them with my first son, and am now using them with my second son.
I was introduced to Swaddlers by a friend when she brought a box for my baby shower. After using other brands, I went back to this because I simply love how it is to my baby's skin. Oh did I memtion that my baby hasnt had a leakage accident while using Swaddlers?!?!?!! AMAZING!!!
I love Pampers swaddlers. It fits very well on my baby and absorbs very well.
I tried every brand out there and found Pampers to be the best. I didn't have any issues with my baby sleeping through the night and leaking (where I did with other brands). Highly recommend this brand!
I have tried almost all the brands out there and keep going back to the pampers. I especially like Pampers Swaddlers and now Cruisers. They are the best fit, keep her dry and less leaks!!
My son has sensitive skin and broke out with other brands. Never had a problem with these. Never had any leaking issues, even overnight. Work great!
I have used Pampers diapers for both of my kids now and as always they are great. I won't buy another brand.
I have been using pampers diapers on my baby since he was born. I use and have used the swaddlers, baby dry, and extra protection. I have also tried other brands and none compare to pampers products. They are softer, gentler, and more absorbent than other brands. I would use/recommend a thousand times over.
Pampers Swaddlers diapers are great! They fit my newborn daughter great and did not agitate her umbilical cord. Her messes were well absorbed and it was nice having the color changing indicator
We have triplets and these work great for our girls. The fit is good. They can move around comfortably and they protect them all through the night.
I received Pampers swaddlers along with 3 other brands of diapers for my baby shower and Pampers were the only ones not to leak.
I've been using Pampers Swaddlers for my daughter's first 7 months. We've never had a leak and I love how soft they are on her skin. They fit great too!
We love pampers! They work best for both of our girls!!
I love the pampers swaddle it is so soft and I love the design that lets me know when the yellow line turns blue also it's very convenient to use with the shape of the pamper for the umbilical cord
Do not leak and the best fit and quality.
I used other brand previous to pampers, the gel erupted from the diaper and infected his wound from circumcision. I will only use pampers.
With twins, we go through a lot of diapers! At least when we have the Swaddlers on, we don't worry about accidents. We love this diaper!
Definitely no leaks, and it's very soft, almost like cloth diapers.
These diapers are soft and absorbent. We went through many brands for our little boy until we discovered pampers swaddlers. There are many perks to these diapers but the absolute best perk is that they never leak. They are the priciest diaper but are worth every penny!
Pampers is my favorite brand for newborns! I am on child #2 and the quality is still excellent. I love the cord notches and the softness! There just isn't another newborn diaper that is the same. I would highly recommend the Pampers Swaddlers for infants.
Only diaper ill EVER use! Since first born I've been in love!
Pampers Swaddlers are the only diapers that fit our baby well and have great absorbency. We have tried Huggies Little Snugglers and have had leakage on the elastic backing on several occasions. We have also tried BabyGanics diapers, which don't have as good absorbency as Swaddlers.
Great diapers I would definitely recommend to everyone.
I would shop at specific stores to find swaddlers in my daughter's size. I'm thrilled pampers decided to make swaddlers in larger sizes...just in the nic of time. Thank you pampers for keeping my angel dry and comfortable- even after a 12 hour night.
I love Swaddlers. They're soft to the touch, and quiet when worn. They rarely leaked (though that newborn poo does have a way of escaping from anything attempting to contain it). I kept my kids in Swaddlers until they outgrew them, then they moved to Baby Dry.
I love pampers swaddlers! I tried several different types of diapers all of which did not compare to these! They absorb great, fit my little girl perfectly and do not leak! I highly recommend these diapers! They are worth the extra money!
Really good for babies! My babhy used from newborn to now he almost 2 years old! He feel comfortable!
I found the swaddlers to fit my baby wonderfully- the way that they curve around my baby's thighs is great for it prevents leakage. I also love how the line turns blue when my baby is wet! I wouldn't switch to another brand. :)
We've tried several different diaper brands, and Pampers Swaddlers are our favorite! Soft, absorbent, no leaks.
Pampers swaddlers are the only diaper we have used for my daughter who will be turning two in a few months
I have had no problems with Pampers Swaddlers. I have used NB, Size 1, and Size 2 and they fit great, hold a lot, keep my baby dry, and I love the detection line. Especially when they are young, the umbilical cord notch and detection line are very helpful.
Good for newborn not to good for 4 month olds!!!!!
I used pampers for both my kids and they are better now than when I first used 8 years ago. I would choose no other.
Good quality, I didn't have any allergic problem with my baby skin as I had with others diapers
I tried Huggies, Luvs, and Generic Brand Diapers I hated the way they fit and were designed. I love pampers. They absorb and don't leak like the others. I haven't had any problems.
The Pampers saddlers are the best fit for my baby.
They have never leaked through.
We love and breath pampers! Swim or swaddlers - we use them both!
I love Pampers and will never use anything else. They work excellent and seem like they are so comfortable on my little baby girl!
Pampers swaddlers diapers were are first choice for our little one.
With my first child all I would use was Pampers Swaddlers! They just fit so much better than anything else and we never had the first leak! Also the color changing wetness indicator made it easier on the babysitters to know when to change the diapers. Love the umbilical cord cut out! I would definitely suggest these diapers to other parents!
these diapers keep my baby dry for a long time just in case we don't notice
The quality of Pampers Swaddlers diapers are a most have for newborn. I used them with my son and I will use the with my next in the future.
I was first introduced to Pampers Swaddlers when my daughter was born. The hospital used the diapers and sent along a new package when we left for home. As a new mom, I loved the wetness indicator. It saved having to undress her all of the time to check for wetness. As she grew, I was sad to have to switch to another Pampers style because at the time Swaddlers only went up to size 4. I was happy to return to Swaddlers when they extended their size availability to 5. With the recent birth of my son, I am happy to again use Swaddlers. They keep moisture off my kids' behinds thus saving them from painful diaper rash.
I highly recommend Pampers Swaddlers Diapers for your newborn. They work great on my daughter and she can last all night without leaking through her diapers!
When our baby was born we tried to start with Huggies because we got them at our baby shower and the were horrible! We have been using pampers ever since and we would never go back!
My family swears by pampers swaddlers. The softness and absorbency are the best qualities.
Best diapers to use for your little one!! They keep baby's clothes dry all threw the night.
the wetmess indicator is great and because they r white diapers they don't show under her light cloths
The best fit for a chubby baby, never had leaks. Skin stays dry even after a full night of sleep. The best on the market even among other pampers diapers.
These were used in the hospital we delivered at and we fell in love with them. We got several other brands at our baby shower and they just didn't hold up, like the swaddlers did. It's been 14 weeks and we haven't had a leaking or messes. this is our go to brand.
while on the go, these diapers are the best for checking if my baby is wet. Just makes my life easier! they are by far the best in absorbency and do not leak when she has a heavily soiled diaper. Phew!
I love the Swaddler Diapers. They are very soft yet firm enough to hold a lot. I love the wetness indicator feature because you can easily see when you need to change out the diaper.
we got hooked on these at the hospital and have been using them since. Up until recently we didn't have any problems with dryness/absorbence ( mostly a problem at night), but apart from that, we love the moisture indicator and my daughter loves the fit.
Will probably stick with this brand until we potty train.
I am a first time mom and pampers has done a great job with standing a lot of potential accidents. Great job pampers!
This is the only diaper that worked for both my children. They are really absorbent and fits great. I will always recommend pampers to everyone.
My son has worn Pampers since he was born. He has never woken up with a wet bed or wet clothes. The absorbency is excellent. They are much softer than Huggies. They cost more and as a stay at home mom, it is hard to spend that extra money. However, the comfort if my son is worth the price. Fitting more diapers in the box no matter the size would be great. I love Pampers and will use them until he is potty trained.
I have a three and a half year old daughter and twin two year old sons and I use these on them every night and I would never switch!
We received several brands as gifts but have always gone back to the Pampers Swaddlers. We've never had a 'blow-out' and even when she sleeps 9-10 hours and the diaper still manages to absorb well and keep her dry. And we love the wet indicator too.
We love Pampers! We use swaddlers in the day and Baby Dry at night. Our very sensitive skinned baby has NEVER had a diaper rash. He is 4 months old and suffers from a milk protein allergy which subsequently involves severe eczema but the one place he has clear beautiful skin is his diaper area! Thank you Pampers!
Words cant express. I just love it! Super duper ;)
Especially for little ones, these diapers are worth the cost.
Pampers Swaddlers diapers are great! I love using these when my little ones are in sizes newborn to size two. I've used this with my first born and am currently using with my second. I will continue to use in the future also. Thanks Pampers!
These are hands down the best pampers I have used on my little one!!!!
My little one is 6 months now and I've been using swaddlers on her since she was born. Absolutely love them and will never switch her diapers. She sleeps through the night and I've rarely had any leaks! She can go about 10 hours and still be dry!
Swadders is the best diapers I used ,i recommend this for all moms .
These are great diapers, they fit so well and have had no leaks. The blue line is great to tell if you have a wet diaper without wasting diapers.
We used Pampers Swaddlers from Day 1, based on recommendations from friends. The Newborn size were a bit too big for my son when he was first born, so we did have a lot of urine leaks, but once he filled out a bit, they fit perfectly! We have had a few poo blowouts, but I don't think any diaper can contain that completely!

Despite wanting to use environmentally friendly diapers, I stay with Pampers because 1) they work; 2) they are more cost-effective; and 3) they work!
Great diapers! I don't buy anything except Pampers, and Swaddlers are my favorite. They fit my baby very well and aren't bulky. They hold a lot and hardly ever leak.
I only put my baby in Pampers diapers. They absorb well and the different level of sizes are spot on!
I had twin boys and these were the most absorbent, best diapers we found. We tried many brands and these were the absolute best at preventing leakage.
The best diapers! A little more expensive than the other brands, but so worth every cent! The fit and quality is outstanding!
Absolutely Love these diapers! Have used these on my godson since he was born, cant wait to put my own son in them!
I really liked the design with swaddlers that gives an indicator about how wet the diaper is. I used this till my kid reached 1 year and really felt bad as I could not find sizes more than 2. Then started with baby dry diapers. I recently saw that Swaddlers are extended till size 5. Thats great.

I felt the price is little costlier, due to which I could not go back to Swaddlers again from baby dry. But definitely it's worth the price.
We have been using pampers from day 1 for our baby. We simply love it
I originally tried huggies, but after a few weeks and always having the diaper leaking I changed to pampers. I love them, by far way less blowouts and clothing changes due to leaks.
My two favorite diapers to use are the swaddlers and the baby dry. They both have great absorbency and fit my little one great!
My daughter is very skinny so she wears smaller sizes but needs the extra absorbency. Pampers has just that!
I would buy pampers for my infants because it fit better and wouldn't leak like other brands did. As they got older, the thin ones didn't seem to absorb as much as the infant ones. I suppose it's because the toddlers were expected to be potty training too. I definitely still bought the night time ones for my kids for sleeping though. It works great.
I love these diapers!!!! I have 2 boys and I used them for both. The color changing indicator was awesome, especially in the middle of the night when everyone is tired and cranky. They are super soft and fit great! Pampers is the only diaper and wipe brand I use!
I tried other diapers but they either leak or have a weird smell to them. Pamper Swaddlers are perfect for newborns. My son used them from 0 months to around 4 months. The fit was perfect around the thighs and the don't irritate belly buttons.
I would buy nothing other than Pampers for my baby. They are great! No complaints.
We have been extremely impressed with how the pampers diapers hold up. My little girl is 2.5 now and drinks water continuously through the day. She can fill a diaper pretty quick but the pampers hold for a significant amount of time and keep her skin dry. Even when she was a baby and in cloth diapers we usually had to put a pampers diaper on to make sure there were no accidental leaks! Now we are working on potty training but until she gets it down we will be using pampers!
The pampers swaddlers were a great asset for my son to stay dry. They were a great fit for a new born. I have always trusted Pampers.
Fit well and keep baby dry. The papers rewards program is great too!
We do not seem to have as many leaks as other brands.
Pampers swaddlers are our favorite diapers. They fit great, and the price is awesome. Also, my little guy has never leaked through, even if he's slept in them for 10 hours. Love them
Great diapers!!!! My daughter is a mover! These never leak.
Pampers Swaddlers are my favorite diapers. They keep my baby's mess where it belongs. The fit is just right and the handly indicator line always helps to ensure my baby is fresh and clean.
I love the softness and the quality. I have tried other brands but none of them are as perfect for my little one as pamper wipes.
Pampers Never let's you down! And makes me and my little one Happy.
I only used these with my first born and never did she ever have any type of diaper rash, we are now using the same diapers with our one month old son and so far so good.
I love this pampers product...it has elastic band that fit on the side of each baby... high quality of absorbency... definitely recommend to all family and friends who has babies.... love it :)
just love it!!! keeps the baby bottom dry and the wetness indicator is great.
For our children we choose Pampers Swaddlers because of their softness and absorbency. We have tried other diapers on the market and they don't seem to have the quality that Pampers do. I have had issues with other diaper company's tabs coming off or even tabs that are hard to pull up, while I'm trying to fasten them. Pampers makes diapers that are easy and fast to use; and time counts when you are changing a wiggly baby!
I have been using Pampers diapers on my daughter ever since she was born. They are soft, absorbent and overall have a good fit. I have tried other brands such as Huggies and Luvs and I must say no other brand compares to Pampers.
I've tried quite a few different types of diapers and these are without a doubt my favorite. Best fit and protection by far!
As a new mom I love that Pampers Swaddlers have the blue stripe to indicate wetness. The diapers are soft and fit well. They are my number 1 choice for diapers!
These diapers are fantastic I have used them since my little one was a new born!
It has been seven years since I had a baby and Wow have diapers improved. Pampers Swaddler's meet all of my expectations. They are super absorbent and soft to the touch. They fit my baby perfectly and keep her snug and dry. I will buy nothing but this brand as long as she needs diapers!
Pampers Swaddlers provides comfort and protection to my baby. it has a colour changing wetness indicator. It keeps the baby's skin dry, away from wetness.
Pampers diapers are the best! Only brand that I will buy! No leakage and very soft!
These are a great product. I love the wetness indicator stripe. It eliminates unnecessary changes, saving hassle & money.
Pampers cruiser are awesome! Definitely more absorbent than others brands! They are much softer material compared to huggies and have a much better fit for running screaming babies!
My daughter never wakes up in the middle of the night with a leaking diaper because it swaddles her so good. I will never use another brand of diapers. Thank you Pampers
I love swaddlers diapers from Pampers. They are super soft, fit perfectly and absorb all those newborn tinkles. Used them with both my son & daughter. Excellent diapers.
Love love love these diapers. They are the softest diaper I've seen. Super absorbent and trustworthy! I know my infants delicate skin is protected with these. Awesome they are now available in larger sizes.
Love this product I only use pampers for my little toddler would highly reccomend to anybody!
I love pampers and i feel happy that i was able to find some great pampers for my children...if i ever get to have grandchildren i will get the PAMPERS BRAND DIAPERS cause they are THE BEST!!
I used them with my 8 year old twins and now daughter. We have tried different diapers that where given to us at baby showers but always end up giving them away and returning the unopened. I always come back to pampers. Great product!!
I do not even reach for another diaper. I have 3 children, 1 out of diapers and 2 still in them. I never have a problem leaking or falling apart. The biggest issue is they get very heavy from absorbing urine.
They are so soft and I love the wetness indicator.
The hospital where my son was born provided pampers swaddlers for us at birth. When we arrived home I had a couple packages of other brand diapers that i had received as gifts and quickly discovered they did not compare to pampers swaddlers. The only diapers I buy and use for my son is pampers swaddlers. They are so soft and absorbent and he's never soaked thru them.
These diapers are definitely the best out there. I have tried other brands but none compare themselves to the quality that Pampers has. My twin boys definitely feel more comfortable in them and move comfortably as well.
Swaddlers are a perfect fit for our 3-month old. They are not too bulky, stay in place, and we do not experience leaks.
I have been using Pampers swaddlers since my child was born. She's in a size 4 now and we still love them. They are super soft and we rarely have any leaks or "blow-outs." I would definitely suggest them.
Great news that these diapers now come in sizes up to size 5! They are a bit pricey, but they are worth it...they work very well!
I have used these diapers on my daughter for five months now and never had a complaint!! Very satisfied customer:(
The Pampers Swaddlers are awesome. They fit very well and the overall quality is excellent. Absorbent and soft. Very gentle on my daughter.
I've tried other brands when my baby was a newborn, and after 4 different brands...I've decided that Pampers Swaddle is the only kind I'll use on my son. It fits way better than the other brand. I give it a rating of "good" for absorbency, new & improved, and dryness because I change his diapers very frequently (every 2-3 hours). I change his diapers as soon as I see the blue line to prevent diaper rash. I like the swaddle because of the blue line, it lets me know that he needs a change ;)
Keeping your baby comfortable is the most important thing. Pampers does this.
They are so soft I feel like I'm wrapping my baby in a blanket with every diaper change. I love the wetness indicator especially with newborns to really keep them nice and dry and to make sure they are going enough. They fit great! They keep my girls nice and dry through all night while they sleep. It's fantastic!
As a first time mom I've tried many different brands of baby products. Nothing beats Pampers. The diapers fit my baby and keep her dry unlike any other diapers out there. I love Pampers, and will definitely recommend them to any other first time moms out there!
Pampers swaddlers were the best for my infant because she never got diaper rash and they were extra absorbant.
The only diapers that don't give my poor baby girl a rash. We stand 100% behind pampers!
I used Pampers Swaddlers for my newborn and all throughout his diaper days. I am so happy that Pampers makes swaddlers for older infants now :) Great comfort for baby, and the quality is unbeatable! Worth every penny spent!
We've used Pampers products since our daughter was born. Absolutely love the Pampers Gifts to Grow rewards. We've gotten items that my daughter really enjoys!
Swaddlers are so soft and feel more like a cloth diaper than anything. Anytime I put our daughter in another kind of diaper she cries, literally.
I love pampers! I won't put my baby in anything else!!
Have tried all the brands for newborn and size one, these are my favorite.
I love these pampers swaddlers, I used them 5 years ago with my first and started using them again with my second. I am thrilled with the new update of the color changing wetness indicator, it is so helpful to just be able to look to see if he needs a diaper change then waking him up while checking. The only thing I wish could be changed is the price, I do stock up when I find good sales and coupons, but I know if I am out I will end up having to purchase a store brand.
Pampers are my favorite diapers!!! I am very particular in what I use on my baby and I will not use any other diaper. I had gotten some huggies at my baby shower and I went ahead and used them instead of finding out what store they were purchased at to take back and anyway, huggies would make her urine have a really strong odor everytime I changed her. Not near the dryness as pampers are!!
I used Pampers 6 years ago when I had my first child, so this time when I had my son, I knew what I wanted to buy. Pampers fit him great and are so soft. I love patting his behind while snuggling him!! <3
great quality keep up the good work thank you so much
love the swaddling fit, absorbency, and comfort level it gives my LO! Great product!
We love how the swaddled has the umbilical cord notch built in! We also love how the diaper provides comfort and protection for our little one.
Best so far, we have tried other brands but keep coming back to pampers
Love this product. I even use pampers wipes for my son sensitive skin...
I have always used and will continue to use pampers diapers. I have tried other diapers and none compare.
They fit my son perfectly no leaks or anything Love them
As a first time mom I tried about three different brand of dippers and pampers where and are the best I found. They keep my baby dry all night long.
We love the pampers swaddlers! We used them on our 1st daughter so we just knew we had to used them on our second daughter. They are the best on the market !
I have tried many brands of diapers and swaddlers have been the best for my baby overall in fit, style and feel! He barely leaks out of these as well!
These are the only ones I will buy! Other brands leak terribly but Swaddlers are always there for my family. Thanks Pampers!
I love these and only used these with my baby girl!
The only brand I trust! These diapers fit my baby perfectly and I love the indicator line!
Now I'm using Pampers for our granddaughter ,they are great little bit expensive but really good quality!
The best part about these diapers is the blue line that shows up when there is moisture detected in the diaper. This was such a lifesaver in the early days with my newborn. These diapers fit so well and are very absorbent. BUY THESE FOR YOUR NEWBORN.
Just had my baby and on one of the days that he pooped he had diarrhea so bad to the point where it was really watery, the pamper kept everything in from spilling out onto his clothes. Love it and would definitely will buy more often. Thank you pampers! :)
My son was just born this past March and Pampers are the only diapers we have used on him so far because of how great they are! The line indicator is perfect for middle of the night changes and they fit like a glove! I would recommend them to anyone.
I have tried other brands of diapers in the past but nothing has compared to the quality that Pampers gives.
I love the quality of Pampers diapers. They get the job done just like I expect them to do.
As a first time mama I needed a diapers and wipes that would be soft against my baby's skin. All of the products we have used from pampers has measured up and provided me with a piece if mind that my baby is dry all the time and his skin is soft and allergic free. Thank you for providing great products!
I love pampers swaddlers. I have changed many babies diapered in swaddlers. The tinkle line is brilliant and they are super soft. I haven't had a problem with allergy irritants which is amazing.
ive used pampers for all 3 of my kids i def would recommend them to every mommy out there!
We love the pamper swaddlers there the only diapers that fit our 2 month old perfect! We havent had a single leak or blow out like we had with other brands!
Love these! Keeps my little guy dry all night! Best. Diaper. Ever.
I love how the pampers swaddlers fit my newborns. The double elastic sides at the legs prevent blow outs and the tabs have never come loose on my babies. The notch for the umbilical cord is also genius. Also, my babies have never had a diaper rash, no doubt due to the padding insider the diaper which wicks away moisture from their skin. I will continue to use swaddlers as my babies grow!
From birth on these diapers are great. I am so happy they come in size five now. They are soft, flexible, movable. They keep your child's skin really dry from all forms and amounts.
Pampers are by far the best diaper in my opinion. After trying several other brands, I kept coming back to the Pampers. I love using the Swaddlers and being able to get them up to a size 5 is fantastic! My diaper of choice now are the Cruisers. It's the only diaper that can hold up through the night. Thank you Pampers!
Pampers swaddlers are by far my favorite. Little pricey but worth it.
Pamper Swaddlers are my absolute favorite diaper for my daughter! They are so soft, I feel like I am putting a blanket on her bottom for a diaper.
Great product started on pampers from the hospital and tried luvs but didn't like them and we're still with pampers going to 4months now!!:)
We switched to Pampers Swaddlers from another brand after having issues with blow outs and leaks on a daily basis. Since the switch, months later, we have only had one or two leaks. Doesn't do quite as great at night as it doesn't seem to be as absorbent as the other diapers. But, we still love them.
Was very happy when swaddlers became available in sizes four and five. my grandson is not quite ready to switch over to pull ups. A content toddler makes my life easier.
the diapers i think are a great thing to use for all parents because i have seen them work in all kinds of ways form my nephew to all my nieces i would recommend these to anyone that has a new baby on the way
Really good product to use pamper diaper because diapers are so soft
Wonderful product and the wetness indicator is a life saver.
I stronlgy recommend pampers swaddlers diapers because of their absorbency. My baby daughter used to have accidents in her clothes until we switched to swaddlers diapers. I do not have to worry anymore now. The color wetness indicator is very useful too, I find this feature very convenient for parents. I used to undress my baby to check her diaper until I began using swaddlers with wetness indicators.
I have tried several different diapers and Pampers are the best at almost everything and they are not near as bulky as any of the others!
As a parent of 2, I trust no diaper but Pampers! My oldest is 9 and I used them for him too!
My husband loved the wetness indicator! This is his first kiddo!
I love that they now go up to Size 5! WHOOHOOO!!!
I love pampers. I have used these products for two of my children and I am currently pregnant and I will definitely use pamper products for this child.
My husband loves the dry indicator. Saves our lives on Daddy's day with our 4 month old.
My baby girl, like all babies is a pooping and peeing machine. Pampers swaddlers has kept her dry with no leaks and no diapers rash. Happy baby. Happy momma.
Pampers brand diapers are all we use on our little one. They fit great and are very absorbent. Tried other brands but these are really the better buy.
Very nice and absirbancy is great , like the design and smoothness
Baby sleeps 8-9 hours each night, have had no issues with leaky diapers!
They fit well and are very absorbent and my daughter seems to like them
I have only used Pampers Swaddlers and they work so well that I haven't had a need to try another Pampers line or another brand. They keep my LO dry and comfortable.
We absolutely love Pampers Baby Dry. We've never had a leak or any sort of problem and my 20 month old son will last through the night in one diaper! Def recommend to all mothers out there!
I love the swaddlers because they have the yellow line that turns blue when wet. And of course they work well and seem to be comfortable to my baby.
We use pampers for our newborn and they are wonderful. We tried a competitor brand and went immediately back to pampers. They keep our baby dry and leak-free.
I love using pampers swaddlers for my own children plus I have a home daycare and like when parents bring them for their children. They are soft, fit great and hold wetness and dirtiness in well. I've tried other brands and Pampers Swaddlers are my favorite.
I love Swaddlers and have been using them since the second Benjamin was born. They are so soft and they hold a ton. I never feel like they are hurting him or rubbing against his skin because they are so soft and gentle I am so glad they go to size 5 now!!
I am a thrifty mom and a shopper who loves quality. These diapers really are the perfect fit to any baby who uses diapers.
I used them with my son since he was born, overall is great product.
great products.
baby buns are very happy love them
Using swaddlers was one of the best things I have done for my baby. I noticed that he was always more comfortable in the swaddlers and soon this became a staple for our family.
Love how these fit so well! Great price too, and love the large packages...
If you are looking for a good, durable, soft and cute diaper, pampers swaddle is the perfect product for you and your baby
I absolutely love these diapers! Super soft and absorbent.
These diapers fit my baby boy better than other brands. I don't have to worry about him staying dry enough or having a blow-out when he's wearing pampers.
I won't buy any other diapers than Pampers for my children. No other diaper compares to them!
LOVE PAMPERS GREAT AS USUAL USE THEM ON MY FIRST WHO IS NOW 5 AND NOW MY 3 WEEKS OLD
I love the swaddlers diapers! They keep my son dry all night long!
I was dead set on being a Huggies mom I loved the baby pooh design and thought the diapers were going to work wonders but boy was I wrong! From day 1 at the hospital they had supplied me with pampers wipes and diapers I was unsure until I came home from the hospital and tried the Huggies, I switch right back to Pampers they don't leak and snuggle my babies body. The designs are cute and overall a great product and for me being a first time mom that means alot!! Love pampers diapers :)
Well i used to use huggies and i hanged to pampers and they are great all 3
Since birth, she is now 2, Pampers has been there and will always be there! YAY Pampers!
I love pampers swaddlers. My son is currently in size 5 diapers. I just wish they weren't so expensive.
This is definitely the only diapers we use for our sons. It keeps dry all the time and the fabric is very smooth and soft for babies.I have tried other brands and products of pampers, but I like swaddler the best.
Swaddlers are super absorbent and always keep my baby dry. Love the softness too!
We have tried them all and Swaddlers are the best!
We love these diapers! They are reliable and keep our daughter dry.
Pampers Swaddlers have been great for my newborn baby. The Preemie size were perfect for my 5 pound baby!
Pampers swaddlers are the softest diapers you can put on your precious baby.
Keeps Baby nice and dry....Fits Good...I feel she is in between sizes right now but keeps everything in... Very happy Mommy.....
We love these diapers over any other brand we've tried. They are soft and comfortable, fit appropriately and have proper absorbency!
I'm a first time mom and I've tried bargain brand diapers after I ran out of our first pack of pampers swaddlers in the hospital. The bargain brand diapers leaked and didn't fit right, resulting in more diapers wasted and more laundry because our daughter's diaper didn't keep it all in the diaper and it leaked out into her clothes. We never had that problem with Pampers Swaddlers. They're super absorbent, don't leak, and fit perfectly. Do yourself a favor and don't skimp on the diapers; spend the extra few on these diapers. Trust me, you'll thank yourself. Love, love, love these diapers. Right now, she's in newborns, but I plan on using them all the way until she's potty training!
I love the Swaddlers diapers best of all! Them keep my baby dry whole night. Even the pampers is full, the baby's skin is dry. I had no problem with redness ever!
I'm the youngest kid in my family so I have had zero experience changing diapers. Let me tell you the strip in the front that tells you when the kid has gone is phenomenal. We have other diapers we use for other uses (nightime, long trips etc.) but the swaddler as the go to everyday diaper is great.
I loved the indicator strip that showed when baby needed a diaper change. It kept our mind at ease. Plus there's no wasting of diapers this way.
I can't say enough good things about the Pampers Swaddlers. I love the softness and super absorbency. I would like to see less them fit a little better in the back (tends to pucker).
great product for great price.has all sizes more variety
Pampers are the only diapers we use and we love them!
These diapers are the best for leak proof ability.
they are great! Def recommend for keeping baby dry from newborn up to toddler & they stay put...
Our baby leaked through every brand of diapers but pampers. He's a little peanut but these worked great on him.
I love how absorbant they are and how soft they are. Pampers is really the only diapers that I buy for my baby.
A very reliable diaper and I never had any leaks with this diaper.
After trying numerous other brands I keep coming back to Pampers. Minimal leaks, amazing absorbancy, and they fit perfect.
Loved and used them for both newborns! Others felt like paper towels and the swaddlers felt like cloth.
We used all the various diapers given to us at our baby shower and afterwards we were decided and set on using only pampers! they offer the best fit and are most absorbant. having a little boy diaper fit is important and this is exactly what we found in pampers!
I love the swaddlers for fit and comfort but i have yet to fond any diaper that can withstand the overnight dryness test. but i continue to go w/ Pampers b/c they are the best quality, fit, non-irritating and cost efficient.
I've tried just about every brand out there...Pampers is the best!!
These diapers are great! We started with the preemie size and even with her being so small, the diaper fit nicely. We are up to size 1 now and she hasn't had any diaper rash yet! The diapers definitely keep the wetness away from her skin. I highly recommend these diapers.
love these diapers! they are so soft and always remind me of the cuddly softness of when he was a newborn. they are perfect for a baby's sensitive skin, and I am thrilled that they are available in larger sizes now!
When my son was born the hospital used Pampers Swaddlers. Due to how sensitive my skin is and baby's skin tends to be I didn't want to risk switching diapers. Now that he is 3 months we have tried 2 other brands because they were gifted to us at the baby shower. We quickly switched back! I love the fact that the diapers are absorbent yet my son never feels like his skin is too wet. We will continue to use Pampers until he is ready to potty train and when others ask I am sure to recommend Pampers Swaddlers.
We love Pampers swaddlers. The fit and absorbency is great. We highly recommend swaddlers.
I won't buy any other brand. Pampers are amazing. They keep my son dry through the night and I don't have to worry that he will leak through clothes and sheets like he did when I tried the Huggies brand. Pampers swaddlers are amazing. Love the indicator also
my newborn baby sleep very comfortable with her pampers I just love them it keeps her dry through the night and very flexible....
Pampers Swaddlers are fantastic! My son is almost 6 weeks old & we have been using Pampers Swaddlers since birth. So far he has not had any diaper leaks!
Pampers Swaddlers are my all time favorite diaper. I was so excited when they announced they were expanding their collection to size 5. I only buy Swaddlers now. They fit perfectly and are soft and comfy.
Love pampers!! Recommend to all my friends!!! Need to be cheaper.
I just love Pampers Swaddlers! They fit well and last through the night. After trying different brands, my husband and I both decided that these fit the best, smell the best, and protect our daughter's skin the best. Great odor and wetness protection.
I love Pamper's swaddlers for my 6 week old son. They fit well and absorb well. Other brands, like huggies, have given my son a rash, but Pamper's swaddlers doesn't!
As a new mom, I LOVE the wetness indicator on the swaddlers. I was given a few other brands of diapers during my baby shower, and had some pretty bad leaks with them all. Pampers is the only brand I trust to absorb and keep my baby dry and happy.
I loved how soft these were for my newborn. So when they cAme out with bigger sizes I was very pleased.
They used these in the hospital and we came home with them. And used them till we changed to the cruisers when the little one got bigger.
I switched to these diapers after my newborn had a reaction to a competitors brand. I have had no leaks the fit my daughter perfectly
No leaking and no rashes! Swaddlers are excellent.
I tried both Pampers Baby Dry and Swaddlers and I like Swaddlers more. Compare to Baby Dry, Swaddlers is softer and thicker, and it has color-changing wetness indicator which show you the situation of the diapers. Since Swaddlers is thicker, in summer, it may cause dipper rash - although the absorbency is good and the surface of diaper itself is dry.
Pampered Swaddlers are the best diapers ever. They are so soft on my little one's bottom. The wetness indicator is so handy as it tell you when the diaper is full.
These diapers work great! I am a L&D RN and these are the diapers that are used on my unit. They work great, and seem to fit babies of different weights and sizes well.
We have tried several brands. Pampers are the only diapers that keep our sweet boy dry.
I just loved this product. great return for money.
These diapers keep baby super dry and comfortable!
These diapers were amazingly soft and gentle on my daughter. I really like the wetness indicator because you can tell right away if she has a wet diaper or not. Saves you a lot of time when you are not taking off dry diapers and then putting them back on.
I am a first time mom and have found pampers swaddlers to be the best diapers out there. My little one stays dry with no leaks....
Great quality!! You definitely get your money's worth out of these diapers!! My personal favorite is the baby dry.... My little boy sleeps all night with no need for a diaper change :-) this isn't possible with other brands.... Not only would I be changing his diaper but his clothes too because his diaper would leak. Pampers diapers keep us all happy!!
I've been using Pampers Swaddlers since my baby was born and I am very satisfied. The diapers even work great at night and we have never had any major leak issues!
Pamper swaddlers has been the only diaper for my grandchildren. It is by far the superior diaper on the market. We've used them for all three children.
the diapers are very well put together and do what they are supposed to do.
We've tried other brands and so far Pampers swaddlers for Newborn and 1 have been the best for us.
Love the product for a newborn so you can see when they're wet and they're super soft for baby's skin!
Love them but wish they were a little cheaper, especially on a teacher's salary
Very soft and comfortable, definitely the best diapers we have tried.
I have tried them all: Luvs, Huggies, store brands, and Pampers Swaddlers are BY FAR the best diapers out there. They fit my 6 month old daughter perfectly, never leak and have never caused her any diaper rash. These are the only diapers I will be using from now on.
These diapers are the best, my child never leaks threw
We are officially Pampers customers for life! We tried other diaper brands and none of them compare to the value of Pampers Swaddlers. The other diapers had a very poor for which led to a lot of leaky diapers. Pampers has been great!
My son is a very big boy! These are the only diapers that fit his booty and keep him dry! Best product :)
this suits my baby's delicate skin more than any other diaper. it keeps her bump dry and keeps her comfortable. i would recommend these diapers to every mother
The pampers swaddlers size 1 have a great fit and absorb everything.
Great quality and price. My daughter sleeps 10-12 hours and always wakes up dry
Love pampers.... tried some huggies and had major blow outs... went back to pampers swaddlers and the blow outs have been contained.
Me and my aunt have been using Pampers for our current newborns and also have been used for our two other children. It fits great and the indicator on the diaper to let you know that it is wet is a huge help. I recommend this product to everyone I know.
I have a ton of different diapers right now since we just had a baby and you can't control the brands people buy you. So far Pampers Swaddlers have been mine and my husband's favorite diaper to use. The wet indicator line is great for new parents figuring out if the baby is wet by feel of the diaper and are great for middle of the night changes when you are super tired. They are also great for keeping in leaks and don't irritate my baby's skin.
My son is a very happy baby and it has a lot to do with his diapers, we love pampers!
We used the Swaddlers for our son when he was a newborn up until 8 months and we loved them! The fit was perfect, and he never leaked! GREAT product.
I love them, but they are the most expensive diapers out there...
We are now in size 3 and have been using Swaddlers since our daughter was born. They are great for nights and we rarely had her wake up during the night because she was wet. The diapers are soft and fit well. My daughter has extremely sensitive skin and we tried the regular swaddlers and found that even those work for her. I purchase these with subscribe and save and then we never run out!
Swaddlers fit my son well. We love them! We will continue to purchase pampers.
My daughter has worn them since she was born. I have no worries with them! My daughter loves them!
Good diapers. Though prices are a bit high compared with other brands, quality speaks for itself.
We love pampers they have the best quality by far. I have four kids and pampers is the only brand I trust, believe in, and love.
Love pampers swaddlers they work great and my son rearly has leaks.
I am so happy pampers swaddlers now come in size 5!
I love everything about this diaper. Super softness!!!!!
I was given a couple of big boxes of swaddlers at my baby shower and also this is what the hospital had when my son was born. I absolutely love these diapers. There was rarely a leak, and hardly ever a blow out. The fit is great and they don't droop when they're wet. The absorbency was the best part of these diapers.
I prefer this product over the other brands because it kept my baby dryer than the other brands. My son also had less accidents in this diaper than the others. Thank you pampers for such a great product.
i like how the liner change color when the diaper is wet... compare to other diaper i tried on my son, i like this one better.
I have tried several different brands of diapers over the years on my 3 children. I always end up using Pampers the most. They fit the best, leak the least, and seem to be the most comfortable for my children.
Baby & I loves swaddlers!
Swaddlers from day 1 until now
Pampers is a great brand very absorbent, no skin issues, and I can find good sales on them making them very affordable
Pampers isn't the cheapest brand to buy but it's the best out of all that I have tried. I only use and wear pampers on my son. :)
We were new parents and really liked the color change indicator. Great absorbency with no smell, unlike the other major brand we tried.
We use the sensitive diapers which I like because they do not have any scent on them and I think the regular diapers irritated my little one's skin. She can wear the sensitive swaddlers all night (12+ hours) and there is no leaking (aside form when she had loose stools 1-2 times due to meds). I like the wetness indicator because I don't want to change diapers if she's still clean and dry! They stay on and in place while she is on the move, crawling, walking, climbing, etc.
I love Pampers Swaddlers. I can depend on them to keep my baby dry all night long...they are so absorbent and fit so well! I would definitely recommend these to my friends and family.
I like the fact that they do not leak overnight, and they really do pull the moisture away from my son's skin. He has sensitive skin and they do not affect him in any way. The fit is great, he is almoat 8 months old and still in a size 2, the diaper hugs him very well. Something that does not affect how well they work, but I like is the smell, baby powder fresh!
We switched from Swaddlers to Baby Dry and are loving it! We use half the diapers, our son doesn't wake up in the middle of the night for a diaper change and I feel we really get a good value. They run a little small for sizing, but have a great fit.
Great product, and are the only diapers I use for my child!!
Good diapers- my son sometimes gets diaper rash. Don't know if it's him, diapers, cream, or wipes.
A great fit and absorbent! Our baby has started to move around in the crib and other diapers would come off or would leak. With Pampers, the diaper stays on and baby and crib are dry!
After trying several different brands of diapers I received at my baby shower, I found Pampers Swaddlers to be the best and therefor the only brand of diapers we use. Several key factors went into this decision but the most important was absorbency. Pampers Swaddlers are the most absorbent diapers with very minimal leakage. I'm not saying there wasn't any leaking, because lets face it some of those poopy diapers are like an explosion that nothing could hold. Also as a first time Mom I really loved the wetness indicator. I wasn't trying to change diapers that didn't need to be changed. As most new parents will attest to, the first 2 things you think of when your baby cries is hungry or wet. I could just pull up the sleep gown and see if the baby was wet. It was wonderful. Now that these diapers are available in larger sizes my baby has been able to stay in them longer.
We tried Huggies, Kirkland, and several other brands of diapers with our newborn. Only pampers prevented leaks. Pampers are soft, comfortable and keep outfits dry!
We love swaddlers. I love the blue wetness indicator line and they're so soft. The "other" brands all feel rough in comparison. I plan to purchase swaddlers until we're out of diapers.
As a mom of twins good diapers are very important. I love Pampers Swaddlers because they help keep wetness away from my babies skin & even messes aren't as messy! The good fitting elastic legs help keep everything contained in the diaper. I also like the wetness indicator strip so I can tell at a glance if my little ones are due for a change. I go through a lot of diapers & I won't even consider using anything other than Pampers!
Fairly expensive, but do a very good job of pulling moisture away. Sometimes the wetness comes through the back.
Pampers wipes are great quality and are effective! The sensitive wipes work great for my son who had sensitive skin, but are still effective at cleaning him at every diaper change.
We love pampers products. Both my son almost 2 1/2 loves his easy ups while my 10 month daughter is in pampers dry. We use the sensitive wipes. We did try other brands but the diapers just did not work well with us.
I used pampers swaddlers with my daughter and so I knew when I found out I was pregnant with my son, they were the only diapers id use! They have a great fit, are soft, and best of all have great absorbency! Pampers you are amazing!
Pamper's are one of the best pamper's to buy for your baby or as a gift for someone.
Love how easy they are to put on compared to other brands. I also enjoy how long they are. We have less leakage with how high they come up in the front and the back.
i love how they have an indicator to tell when the baby goes potty
These diapers were the first we used and we loved them. They have a great fit for your little ones. We had already purchased them, but were also pleasantly surprised that they used these same ones in the hospital when we delivered. Would definitely use them again!
I have to say we have tried the others mostly because they were gifts. We always come back to pampers because they are the best in fit and quality.
I love love love pampers swaddlers!! They are so absorbent and hold a ton!!! Even my son who pees through every diaper no matter the brand has filled this diaper front to back in a super short time and it still did not leak. We are currently using them again for baby #3 due any day
The diapers are very absorbent and do not cause any irritation to my baby's sensitive skin.
These are good diapers. I've used them from day 1 for my daughter.
Pampers products are awesome & I recommend them to all moms
We tried other brands and nothing compared to Pampers Swaddlers! My son loves to play on his play gym but with other brands it would turn into a poopy mess but not with the Swaddlers!
Great for new parents and learning when they are wet! New cries are often not understood, but the line showing when wet is awesome!
I cloth diaper but use the swaddled a at night and love them..
Pamper are the best diaper I have used and tried. I have three girls and used pamper on all of them. All had allergies to diaper and pamper did not bother them. I would recommend them to any new parent
awesome product! would recommend to anyone with a baby or child
Its the best pampers that I can find out there, I have tried so many different types of pampers for my baby each one had a different out come, one leaked, one the baby got a rash, but pampers we had no problems with.
They are always great for my son never had a problem with them there are his number one go to diapers!
i love the strips on size 1 diapers. this is great for new parents. this gives them the extra guidance of how to take care of their new baby.
These diapers were great for my newborn. Very absorbent, I never had one leak with them!
We have liked pampers brands the best. All the other brands we have tried have not lived up to our standards at all and so we only buy pampers. Keep up the good work... thank you!
We have been using Pampers Swaddlers exclusively since our daughter was born and I would not switch! The diapers keep her dry and comfortable, while also keeping everything contained. The fit is true to size and we have not had any issues with slipping, gaps, or anything that looks like discomfort caused by the diaper.
Pampers swaddlers diapers are so great and my baby loves them ,I feel really good knowing that my baby is wearing the best quality diapers on the market.
Pampers Swaddlers is great for newborn babies to use. They have great absorbency to keep baby dry and comfortable as well as the umbilical cord notch. The fit is also good.
Only diaper out there that shows he wanted soil so you never waste a diaper
I used Pampers Swaddlers with my son when he was born, so I knew they would be my first choice when I later had my daughter. No fear of diaper rash or irritation with these high absorbency, close fit, soft diapers!
I tried several other diaper brands and found this to be the bet fit for my little one.
I love these diapers they really do keep my daughter dry. I especially like them for going to bed and going on outings. I feel a little less worried about having to wake my little one up or stopping to change a diaper.
I love pampers! They keep my little girl dry all night and dont break the bank. My husband loves the wetness indicator. Let's face it, dad still needs some training. Love the variety of products to fit my needs.
I like the swaddlers better than the dry pampers they hold more no mess and i like the color indicator although not necessary but useful my baby is happy with pampers that's all that matters
Pampers are the only diapers that I will buy. I used them exclusively with my first child and I am 8 1/2 months pregnant with my second. We have been stocking up on Pampers for the last 6 months. Swaddlers are a great diaper to use pre-crawl. Then cruisers are the answer. Very reliable diaper!
I love these diapers-they're an awesome fit, very absorbant, great quality, and very convenient with the wetness indicator. Pampers diapers are the absolute best diapers you'll ever buy. Diapers are definitely not an area to cut corners in.....your baby wears them all day/all night so they should be great quality and comfortable to be in-which is why I choose pampers above anything else :)
The stripe tells it all!!! When the yellow stripe turns totally green, it's time to change the diaper to get your value. Absorbancy and dryness go hand and hand with this also!!! The fit does go by the weight of your baby as printed below the N or number on the box!!
Pampers are the best quality diaper. Have used them with 3 children over a period of 22 yrs.
I started off with swaddlers as a first time mom and glad I did. The color indicator was so helpful and I never had any problems with accidents. These are gentle on my baby's skin and I plan to use for baby #2.
This is our first child, so I wasn't sure what the big difference between diapers was. I mean they all work the same way, right? Well, other brands would leak and not hold everything in. But pampers has done a great job, even when she started sleeping through the night. Thanks!
I have used this brand on both my daughters, Who have different body types. Pampers Swaddlers fit amazingly! They are so soft for my baby's bottom.They could take a nap an I did not have to worry about them leaking when they got up!
We have tried Huggies, Luvs, and Pampers, and I hate all the other kinds besides Pampers. Some of them don't have the wetness indicator, none of them fit as well, and I hate the fact that the other diapers fold back up after you try to open them up to put them on the baby. I recommend Pampers to everyone.
I used this product for my babies first and 2 months because it was given at the hospital after labor. These are GREAT for new moms. The indicator is right on point!
This is the best diaper I have used for my first son, and will continue to use it for my second one... Love the baby dry so much... It keeps my son dry for up to 12 hours.. And it's so soft and you can feel its so comfortable when you wear it for your child. Love it! :)
Pampers Swaddlers help ease the new Mom and Dad into the world of diapering through features including the umbilical notch and wetness indicator. We've used the newborn size and size 1 so far and have found them to be a great fit for our little one. She's long and skinny and these hug her body in just the right places. We do have the occasional blowout, but what baby doesn't?
I have used pampers swaddlers for my niece and will be using them for my daughter when she arrives. They fit well, keep her dry, and no irritation to the skin. Which is key!
Pampers Swaddlers have been wonderful for this new mom. When we first had our son 4 months ago, we had no idea what kind of diapers to get and I honestly didn't think it would matter. After having used several brands, there is a very noticeable difference in Pampers. They fit my son better than any other brand and were the most absorbent. We haven't had to change his clothes at all for leakage when I use pampers.
Love the way the fit. They are also soft, all I use is pampers! <3
I started using these diapers in the hospital..love this product.. it keeps my baby girl comfy. . The diaper is soft and very absorbent and fits very well... love it love it love it...
Pampers is the best diapers for my baby boy. We are going 6months strong and I swear by pampers swaddlers and sensitive wipes. The swaddlers are a perfect fit and keep him dry for hours with no leaks!! We've tried other brands and they never fit the same. I'm a pampers mom and proud of it.
Pampers is great in absorption. I never experienced any leak.
I've been using Pampers since my first child and I haven't used another product. I trust in Pampers to the fullest.
I have 3 kids, my youngest is now 3 months and I've tried several cheaper brands but I hate that they sometimes leak and get bulky when my baby pees. Pampers swaddlers never leak, get bulky and they are so soft!! Only brand I buy now!
Pampers Swaddlers were the first diapers both of my boys wore. I loved how soft they were and the wetness indicator was just so helpful. These diapers held up well too.
Swaddlers are great choice for first time moms with the addition of the wetness indicator, especially for those sleep deprived in the first few weeks ;). Fit is great too for my son whom was just over 8 pounds at birth.
I absolutely love pampers swaddlers. They are the perfect fit for my little squirmer! They keep him dry throughout the night and the quality of them are amazing!
After trying a few different kinds of diapers for our new baby we finally found a diaper that kept it all in! We love swaddlers, they fit well and don't irritate our baby's skin and best yet, we don't have to worry about leaks.
We really enjoyed the wetness indicator when our son was a newborn. We have moved on to cruisers now
I really like swaddlers. They fit my baby the best, the only issue I ever find is how fast she grows out of them. Waaaaa!!!
I have two children and these diapers are always the best.
The fit is perfect for my children and the absorbency is superior to any other diaper on the market. They are worth every penny.
I've tried all the major brands and Pampers are our favorite.
Love the overall quality & fit! We were given swaddlers in the hospital & have used them ever since.
Best fit for our baby. Good on absorbency and dryness - only diaper that really fits and doesn't leak on our little boy. I only buy Pampers!!
I have been using Pampers Saddlers since birth on my 6 month old triplets. Since preemie size to now size 2. They always fit perfectly and contain all contents to inside the diaper! I love these diapers and won't use any other kind ever!
We have tried various brands on our twin girls who are now just fitting into Size 2's and Pampers is the best. They fit the best, they keep things where they should be, inside the diaper. And overall, it's obvious that they are the best quality out of all the brands. Worth the extra price in my opinion. We are a pampers family now!
Pampers swaddlers are quality diaper. They performed very well in absorbing. Swaddlers are soft and fit nicely. Swaddlers are very good, these sensitive diapers have the moisture indicator. It is a yellow stripe that turns blue if there is any moisture in the diaper and we find it to be invaluable.
We use baby dry often for our 13 month old son & love them! :)
I loved Swaddlers with my firstborn and I'm planning on using them again when my second is born.
I love Swaddlers the most because they have the wetness indicator.
These diapers keep my kids dry and fresh!! Love them!!
I was raised on Pampers and I have carried the tradition with my son. Love the company and product.
I love the Pampers Swaddlers diapers. Much better than the other diapers that I have tried. And the wetness indicator strip is fantastic!
The only diaper that actually does everything it describes. I love it because not only for the convenience of the wetness indicator but because it keeps the moisture off of my daughter. Also, knew it had to be great because it was the only diaper used on her in the NICU.
Love Pampers! Always get and only get pampers and recommend to relatives and friends
I have only used Pampers since my daughter has been born because of the trial and errors my family memebers had with other diaper products. I love the swaddlers. It absorbs perfectly and it gives me an indication when my baby needs to be changed by the yellow/blue line. And now I can use them until she is in a size 5. Awesome sauce....
Love these diapers - they are nice and soft and extremely absorbing. Use them for my 4 month old grandson and he has worn them since he was born. He is now in the #2 Swaddlers and I will continue to use these until he is potty trained.
I used Pampers 9 yrs ago with my first born and now again with mu second child and have always been more than satisfied with their products, I also love their wipes
I LOVE Pampers. More pricey than other brands, I admit that, but have never had any leaks from them, and have had leaks from most other brands.
With identical twin girls we change a lot of diapers. We have used given almost every brand available and always come back to the Pampers Swaddlers. For us and our girls Pampers Swaddlers are the only way to go.
Pampers swaddler is a true touch of mothers pampering in swaddling.
I love these diapers! It is why I am willing to pay more for these diapers than purchase something else for less.
Great for baby's sensitive skin. Wetness indicator is a great implementation. Keeps wetness away from delicate skin.
Love how soft and simple these are! Good value, great quality.
We have tried every brand if diaper and swaddlers are by far our favorite. They fit very well and do an excellent job of preventing leaks. They also keep the baby really dry at night, which means she will sleep longer, and who wouldn't want that.
This is my second child that I have trusted Pampers. Both of my daughters have been completely comfortable and protected by their diapers throughout their infancy. My newborn, Claire, has even stayed dry throughout several nights of deep sleep with their 12 hour dry protection. I will always continue to use pampers and always suggest them to my cohorts. Thank you Pampers for making this exciting and fast moving time of my life much easier.
We've been using Swaddlers since my son was born. The wetness indicator is nice, but I really prefer the Absorb Away Liner. It helps prevent blow outs up the back and has help my little one avoid diaper rashes, especially if he poops at 3:00 in the morning and doesn't cry to be changed. Will continue to use swaddlers as long as we can size-wise.
Love them just sometime it feels like his clothes r damp
Pamper swaddlers are given to you in the hospital and there's a reason why! These diapers are awesome!!! I love the wetness indicator and the fact that they keep baby dry and moisture off her skin. In other brands she squeals almost instantly after she wets... In pamper swaddlers my little girl will give me a squirmy warning and a few minutes to find a good changing spot before the full-fledge crying happens. It's so much better at night too!
Since I have a first baby on 2006 until now my second one is 3 years old, I always use pampers diapers and wipes as the most trusted brand ever, for highest quality in all, like softness, toughness, absorb
Pediatrician recommended, keeps baby's bottom dry & rash-free, just love everything all around!
Amazing!!!! I tried many diapers and found to love these diapers! They work so well, pampers truly are amazing!
I used these for the first four months of having my daughter. I loved them! The yellow strip was an excellent way to tell when she needed to be changed!
My son used all types of diapers when he was first born. These were the only ones that kept him dry throughout the night.
I have tried ever brand out there in the 14 years, and 5 babies, I have been diapering. Consistently pampers is are only leak-free brand.
I've used Swaddlers with both of my two little ones (one is a toddler now, other is an infant) and they have been absorbent and soft for their skin without issue. I've used them overnight, through naps, etc. and trust them every time!
I've been using Pampers since I had my first son 8 years ago. My second son is now 7 months and they're just as great as they were 8 years ago! I love the fit and the fact that my baby's clothes stay dry in between changes. I'm forever a loyal Pampers customer!
I've used swaddlers since my first baby 6 years ago! I like how they keep my babies dry yet they are
Also very absorbent.
We tried one other brand of diapers when our daughter was born but quickly came back to swaddlers. They fit great and we loved the wetness indicator. Never had any issues!
Really great quality! Love that my baby wakes up dry.
I love pampered swaddlers for my newborn, I think they fit better than competitor brands and they are super soft.
I love the pampers swaddlers. They keep my baby dry
The diapers r very absorbent I love them and would recommend them to everyone
I love this diaper for my little angel! The fit is great and they are so soft.
Great product. Dependable. Lasts all night. Never fills.
These are the softest diapers around! absorb well too.
I have two older kids and now that i have an infant I am starting all over and finding a quality diaper is soooooo important :) My husband and I were introduced to swaddlers at the hospital and fell in love with them. We have tried a few other brands and nothing has been as good. I would recommend these to any new or even a veteran mom like myself.
I love pampers. My daughter sleeps thru the night and doesn't get up for a change
I love pampers swaddlers and so does my little ones bum! Rarely have any blowouts, great protection and dryness.
I have a 12 week old daughter and prefer only Pampers Swaddlers. Sometimes I wonder if others think it's just a new mom thing-- unwilling to try an off brand. But having used another name brand, I found that the Swaddlers fit better and are softer. And the wetness indicator line is great! Glad that Swaddlers go up to size 5!
These diapers are hands down the best! I have never had any leaks or messes ever!!
Our family loves Swaddlers! They give you great indication of just how wet the diaper is without having to wait for swelling. This helps prevent wasted diapers or prolonged wear - perfect balance! And now that they are in size 5s, I can breathe easy again. This was a great move by Pampers, especially for families of children with developmental delays!
Pampers are great diapers for newborns especially with the little notch for umbilical cord. They are really absorbent too! I always give them as the perfect new baby gift.
Cruisers are the only diapers we use and buy. No leaks, they don't sag when wet and keep our little girl dry.
I have always sworn my pampers brand. This type diaper is perfect for little one. Super absorbent, great fit and doesn't ever leak. I feel confident putting my baby in pampers swaddled at bedtime knowing I won't have a mess to clean in the morning. It's all contained and pampers and finally created diaper perfection....
Pampers swaddlers are a great product. They fit, are comfortable, and contain even the biggest messes. I will not use any other brand.
I like the pampers products due to the dependable,value and absorbency.
I have a 19 year old a 13 year old and a five month old, every time i use pampers because they work the best! If they are dry and comfortable they are happy.
These diapers were a lifesaver when my little one was first born. I had no idea if he had went to the bathroom or not but the little blue line would tell me that he did! Eventually I learned how to tell if his diaper was wet by just feeling the diaper itself and started using pamper's baby dry. The swaddlers are just a bit too pricey for me with less coming in a package.
These diapers are great, from the absorbency, to the great fit and who doesn't love the blue indicator line.
I used pamper swaddlers for my my daughter when she was a newborn until she got into a size 2 or 3 and then they stopped having them for any bigger size. I loved how those diapers worked and was pretty sad when i figured out they no longer had then for her as she grew up but about a couple of months or so ago they brought them back in bigger sizes and I was absolutely thrilled! So of course I got them and they work just as great as I remember! Never leaks at night and I love how great it fits. I will never use any other kind of diaper!
I love Swaddlers diapers so much! I was ecstatic when they came out with sizes up to 5.
Pampers provides the best absorption and fit for babies and toddlers alike! My sister started using Pampers with her first born 4 years ago and recommended them to me when I had my first. She even hosted a "Pamper Her" party for me with my second child and invited all my friends and family to bring Pampers brand diapers to the party. I have tried other brands, but none of them compare to Pampers. We are a Pampers family all the way!
Love these diapers!! They are the best out there. I never have a problem with my children breaking out from them. I love the wet indicator and I am super excited they come in all sizes now.
I absolutely love pampers swaddlers and would definitely recommend them to anyone! I love the softness of the diapers and the way they smell like baby powder. I was an avid Huggies user until I bought pampers and used them and I was hooked forever!
I have always loved pampers brand, since my first baby 24 years ago. To have a baby at 44years of age and can use the same brand is just perfect.
We love Pampers Swaddlers! My daughter was born 7 weeks early and spent time in the NICU. From day one, the nurses trusted her highly sensitive skin with Swaddlers. My daughter is 6 months old now and we still use them. We tried a few other brands but none compared to Swaddlers softness and absorbency. Thank Pampers for keeping my sweet baby so comfortable and dry!
I can rest assured that my baby boy won't have a leaky diaper as the Pampers swaddlers sit snug around his legs. He sleeps through the night, approximately 7-8 hours, I'm not worried that is diaper will get too soaked up and overflow. I would hate to have to wake him up to change his diaper in the middle of the night since he's only a few months old. I've tried the other name brands and they always leave me disappointed. His BM comes right out and after peeing a couple of times, I can tell from his damp-wet clothing. I love that I don't have to pull the diaper away to see if he went. The wet indicator goes all the way in the back, so even after a BM I can tell. I love Pampers swaddlers. It gives me the confidence and comfort that I need. One less stress to worry about when you have a newborn.
Tried Huggies and baby dry and didn't love them. Huggies leaked all the time and baby dry not as soft as swaddlers. They don't have the line indicator either.
After trying so many brands, my daughter fits perfectly with Pampers!
My baby girl has never experienced any skin problems even during summer when usually babies has rash. Also pampers have the exact fit for the baby step by step.
It is worth your money to spend a little extra for the pampers swaddlers. They are soft, have excellent absorbency, and prevent leakage.
These diapers keep my son dryer than all the other ones we have tried. They do not leak at night or when he is crawling around.
The wetness indicator is convenient and the diapers are soft and well-fitting.
Pampers are the best! We have been using them since day one!
Pampers swaddlers are absorbant and fit great! Never have a problem with pampers!
love using the pampers swaddles. It fit my baby prefect and absorbency is very well too.
Looked over my friends registry and told her to switch all her diapers to Swaddlers. They are the BEST for newborns!
I cannot say enough about swaddlers! We have used them with our twins since they were in the hospital and are now in a size 5! We occasionally tried a couple other brands and didn't make it past one changing because it was evident they were less quality and they didn't provide the dryness of swaddlers. I love how soft and "not diapery" these feel and only wish they made a potty training version so we could use them throughout our diaper times. Don't waste time or money with other diapers. Just get swaddlers.
Used this for our second child as well and it continued to function as expected.
Diaper is so soft. Also Good fit so no leaks. Only diaper we buy.
Pampers swaddlers are one of my favorite diapers that pampers has to offer! The diaper is thin, but yet holds enough liquid and solids and still able to keep my baby dry. Also the blue indicator is a great help when my baby pees just a little.
The swaddlers were great for our son when he was little and didn't have a large volume. Very few leaks and no reactions to his perfume sensitivity.
THIS IS A WONDERFUL DIAPER, ESPECIALLY FOR NEWBORNS AND PREEMIE BABIES. KEEPS MY BABY DRY, EVEN AT HIS WETIEST MOMENTS. LOVE THE WET INDICATOR AND APPRECIATE THE HOSPITAL USING AND RECOMMENDING PAMPERS BRAND DURING HIS NICU EXTENDED STAY.
Product is great. Swear by it. Husband cannot live without this diaper based on the indicator line.
The Swaddlers are the diapers the hospital gave us and we loved them. We had some other brands at home from baby showers that we tried out too but they just didn't compare. Swaddlers keep our little one drier for longer, no leaks, and they are soft on his skin. He hasn't had diaper rash at all!!
Absolutely love how soft and forming this diaper is! But most of all love the wetness indicator strip!
pampers swaddlers are a great product . I have used them with both of my children . I would highly recommend this product to new moms . these diapers are easy to let you know when the diaper is wet
Love that these diapers are so soft for my baby's delicate skin!!
Pamper is the best pamper in the word. I never change marc
Pampers diapers was used on both my kids. i especially liked the newborn and size 1 with the line that changes color. very helpful for newtime parents
We have tried several types of diapers and no one makes better diapers than Pampers. Huggies will not cut it. Huggies is supposed to keep babies dry, but my baby, Esther just pees right through them. But with Pampers they keep her dry and never leak. That's what i call a great diaper.
As a new mom you never know what to buy.As a child I was allergic to all diapers so it was a concern when my son was born. I asked the nurses in the hospital what he was wearing because they seemed to be working. They said pampers. If the hospital trusts them so do I. I was given other brands at my showers but th they just didn't work as well. As long as he is in diapers pampers products will be our choice!
Pampers swaddlers absorb very well. Love the wetness indicator. My daughter rarely has blow outs or diaper rash. Good quality diaper for a reasonable price.
I used Pampers Swaddlers for my little one and I absolutely loved them. I would highly recommend them to any new parent looking for a great diaper.
The Pampers swaddlers are good quality. The price is reasonable.
Great diapers. I tried others and nothing compares to the swaddlers.
I love the wet indicator! Very helpful. And the only diaper my newborn doesn't wake up in middle of the night with
I love pampers that is all I have every bought for both my kids. I recommend this product to every lady that i know that will be having a baby and to those that have all ready gave birth. i have gotten my entire family to use pampers.
My son used this product for the first few months of his life . We tried several competing brands but none compared to Pampers.
I have tried several different diapers and pampers is the only one that holds overnight.
We had swaddlers in the hospital and kept buying them. the wet strip is worth it, now i dont have to look in the diaper and they are thin and hold so much.
Love the fit, absorbency, and the wetness indicator.. I love pampers and this is my favorite diaper :-)
These diapers are awesome, I tried huggies and had to return them. These dont leak and my baby loves them.

Thank you pampers.
These are our diapers of choice. They are the only ones that don't leak and well as don't fall apart. We had a problem with diapers busting at the side seams from our very active son. These are the only diapers that we found that are durable as well as leak proof!
Pampers are a quality diaper that holds all accidents in tightly secured compared to most other brands we have tried.
Before our baby girl was born we had been given and bought a few different kinds of diapers. It became a no-brainer that Pampers were the best and that is what we have been using ever since!
We've used this diaper for our little one since the day she was born. Have never had any problems. Keeps her dry for long stretches overnight as well.
I've tried many other brands, but this is the only one I use now for my children. The wetness color strip is one of my favorite features. It really seemed to help my husband know when it was time to change the diaper.
I LOVE Pampers Brand diapers!! And for newborns and infants the Swaddlers are great! They fit so much better than the traditional diaper and leaks are minimal (usually only if baby sleeps for a long period of time). I would highly recommend Pampers to new parents because I've had such success with them myself. The wetness indicator is FANTASTIC! Especially for those dads (and moms) who are not that baby-savy lol.
Pampers Swaddlers are THE BEST! I have used them since the very beginning and can't imagine using any other brand of diaper. They fit perfect, never have any leaks, and they don't irritate my daughter at all. I will always recommend these diapers and always buy them whether it's for my children or as a gift!
We love the swaddlers because they are the softest diapers. The N,1 & 2 sizes (maybe others too) have the yellow stripe so you can tell when it's wet or dirty. This is the brand our hospital used also. For your tiny newborn, the swaddlers are by far the best diaper to put your precious baby in.
I have been using Pampers Swaddlers since my daughter was first born. They are especially great for night time. I would highly recommend using them.
These swaddlers are great! No problems with leaks--very absorbent. Fit is awesome and keeps baby dry.
My daughter is now 5 months old. We've tried a few other brands, since they were gifted to us, but we keep returning to the Pampers Swaddlers. They fit better, they are more absorbent, and we have less accidents when she is wearing them.
My husband and I love pampers swaddlers. We won't buy any other brand.
I love pampers its the only diapers I will buy for my kids.
I love these pampers for my daughter. She's never had a leak, and it has cute little designs on them.
I used the swaddlers when my son was a newborn and loved the fit and absorbancy.Now I use the Pampers baby dry at night for my 17 month old. He's a heavy wetter at night and sleeps up to 11 hours. The diapers hold it all!
I used another name brand of diapers with my first child. When my son was born, naturally I stuck with that brand, until I tried Pampers. We had gotten a package at my baby shower and when we put them on we noticed an Immediate difference. The Pampers Swaddlers not only fit better, they seemed more absorbent, drew the moisture away from my son's skin better, we didn't have any leakage issues, and my husband fell in love with the wetness indicator. My husband used to hate changing diapers, but now that we switched to Pampers he's been enjoying those special little moments with our son.
I have been using pampers since January 20th 2012. I have tried other brands but what I love most about pampers is the way they fit both my children, the way they feel, & how absorbent they are. My children are able to move around, jump, run, and play without leaking! I have had no problems with pampers and I will keep using them for each child. I love pampers wipes and the way they feel on your skin. Smooth on your skin and I like that because other brands feel like they are way to rough on the skin. Pampers sensitive are my favorite out of your line. Thanks
I really liked this diapers. They would last through the whole night which is great because I didn't have to wake up at night to change my babies diaper. This Type of diapers are great for babies since they are very soft and gentle on your little ones sensitive skin. I would totally recommend this product .
I love these diapers my daughter is going on 5 months and I haven't even thought twice of using these diapers. I don't plan on changing them for any other brand.
Best diapers ever! Had a lot of experience trying all kinds of diapers out with my younger siblings and nieces and nephews. Pampers worked better than anything out there, definitely worth trying!
Pampers swaddlers diapers are my 1st choice for my little ones. Good to have the wetness indicator with each of these diapers!! This helps a lot. Of course, the quality of the swaddlers diapers are good. Used to have size up to 2. Now they have size 3, 4, and 5, which make my life easier and better. Would definitely switch from using cruise diapers to using swaddlers!
I love the Swaddlers by Pampers! The wetness indicator strip is a blessing for when my husband is watching our 2 month old daughter. Being a Mom I can tell by touch when the diaper is wet, but for Dads this is a great feature! They fit nicely and we have not had any leak issues. Because of the wetness indicator strip she has not had a diaper rash yet!
Happy Baby means Happy Mommy!
Best for my twin girls. They are 4 months old and we have tried different brands but we always go back to Pampers!
We started using these with our newborn and a year later we have stayed with them. We love the color changing stripe - it's very handy in the middle of the night when checking for a wet diaper! We feel that it's important to provide a high quality product when it's going to be next to our daughter's skin all day every day. We plan to stay with these until she grows out of them.
I love swaddlers! I will not buy anything else! The fit is great! The price is right!
No leaks over night so both baby and I wake up happy. Great fit all day long and gives baby the freedom to move!
These were the only diapers that could hold for my baby without leaking. They have no smell which is great! Only the best for my newborn.
I LOVE the fit of Pampers Swaddlers! With 4 month old twin girls I can always depend on Pampers!
I always tell my friends that are newly pregnant, that Pampers are the way to go!!!
I absolutely love pampers swaddlers and love how they come in bigger sizes. I have tried all of the other brands for both of my kids, and you def get your money's worth. My 4-month old sleeps all night and we never get any leaks. Absolutely love these. Won't be switching over to any other brands.
We were introduced to these diapers when our son was born. We have continued to use them and I wouldnt use anything else! They fit great, and have great absorbency.
I love these diapers. They are absorbent, keep my baby dry, they fit well and the wetness indicator is a plus. The umbilical cord notch is a must have for newborns and I am happy they are making them in larger sizes now.
Our son has been in pampers since he was born. We love the fit and absorbency.
I am very pleased! My son is almost 8 months and has never had a diaper rash. Great
quality!
I have used pampers since my son was in NiCU. Excellent quality.
Love pampers! Won't use any other brand! I work at a daycare and can totally see the difference between brands!
I've used pampers with all three of my kids. Good diapers, great value! Rarely have blow outs with Pampers.
Love pampers, it's dryness is excellent. My babies rarely have diaper rash by using pamper diapers.
The color changing stripe is extremely helpful. Announces when the baby is wet and time for a change. Swaddlers are soft and comfortable. I love this type than any other pampers.
We love Pampers swaddlers. The wetness indicator is great and it fits very well. The only time we've had a leak is when we needed to go up a size.
I started using Swaddlers when my twin boys were in the NICU and I never looked back. I was so happy when they came out with size 5s because these really are the best diapers. I have boys who sleep on their bellies and are heavy wetters. These diapers hold a lot! I'd be lost without them!
Great diapers. My baby boy rarely had leaks and they seemed comfortable.
Swaddlers are great. They hold quite a bit of wetness but still keep my baby dry. We also like the color changing stripe.
These diapers fit our son very well. They are absorbent enough to allow baby to sleep through the night with no leaks.
We use the Swaddler diapers and love them! They are super soft and we don't have any leakage issues.
I have used a different brand of diapers, and I was so disappointed. My baby peed through them in the middle of the night, which made a long night for me. And she had also pooped through them as well. I have never had a problem with Pampers!
Hess diapers were great when my son was a newborn. They lasted through the night no problem.
These are the best diapers that parents can get their child. Highly recommended!
Best fit and doesn't leak like other brands. Will only buy these now
I love Pampers Swaddlers for my newborn. It is the only diaper we have used so far for him and we love them! The double elastic around the leg holes has always kept even the biggest of his blowouts in the diaper. We also love the wetness indicator on the front, as well as the adorable sesame street characters on the front of the diapers.
Pampers seem to be the best fit for my baby, she seems much happier in them
I love this diapers I have been using them for 7 years on my kids
We received Pampers at the hospital and loved them. We tried Huggies, Luvs and BabiesR'Us brands but they didn't absorb as well as Pampers we always had leaks with the other diapers. Plus my daughter has really sensitive skin and the other brands would make her red and irritated Pampers were the only brand that wouldn't. We love Pampers!
I really like these diapers. I have tried other diapers and everyone I tried the would leek or make my little one brake out.
The Swaddlers are my favorite! They keep my baby dry and last through the night.
Best Diapers on the market. Pampers keeps my son dry all night long so he can sleep through the night and they don't cut into is skin fit like a glove. Won't use any other diapers.
This product is the best. I would recommend ot to every new parent. Ive stayed with papers over 5 years.. This Product is strong, very observant, wont make a mess if left too long. And most of all the baby can move around very easily! .. love it!
Beats Huggies by far!! I have never had a leak with pMpers!
After experimenting with no name diapers to try and save money I've determined you get what you pay for. Pampers fit great and keep baby dry and diaper rash free.
We've been using swaddlers from size micro - preemie to size four. Can't say enough about them. They keep baby clean all through the night with no leaks, stay in place during blowouts, and are oh so soft.
These diapers do not compare to the other brands I have tried. They are much softer and seem to be more comfortable for my son. Also, they do not smell after he has peed or popped. I have noticed with other diapers after he had peed they are almost crunchy-like and pampers swaddlers do not do that.
Tried a few different brands in the beginning, but soon realized that pampers were the best!!!
Used these with both my kids. The first is now 8 and the baby 10 months. Quality was great then and still is now. Soft and very absorbent. Rarely have leaks or explosions I hear other moms complaining about!
Love the product. I recommend it to everyone that has kids or is a soon to be parents. I have tried many others and it has just been a waste of money.
These diapers are great! The hospital started us off with them and we haven't looked back. Super absorbent and soft. We
Wouldn't consider switching to a lesser brand.
I was having a struggle deciding which diapers to go with when I had my son. I tried luvs and huggies but pampers swaddlers just fit perfect, have the best absorption and move just great with my very mobile toddler!
Swaddlers are great. They are absorbent and fit well. I would not use anything else.
Our household will only ever use Pampers. Dryness, fit, absorbency... They're the best!
I love using pampers brand it's the only trusted name brand for me. I used it 7 years ago with my son and now my 6 month old daughter uses them. I've tried others but not the same. Pampers is number one in my household.
These are the diapers that were used in the hospital and we have been using them since. We love the indicator line so that there is no guessing on when it is time to change the diaper (especially when you're tired and in no mood for guessing!). The fit is great as well.
I love swaddlers. The color changing strip is a great feature. They are soft and comfortable. One of the only diapers that doesn't give my young babies rashes. One thing people never think of, the diapers don't fold in on themselves as your changing your baby. I've had other brands fold in on themselves as I wipe my baby and the outside of the diaper gets all gross from falling into itself. Pampers never do that.
I like pampers it fit my baby perfect and doesn't leak like most diapers.
I am a first time mom and it was very hard for me to find the perfect diaper. I received pampers swaddlers from a friend and absolutely fell in love. They are super soft and fit my son like a glove. He's never had a leak and they last 12+ hours easily. I would definitely recommend this product to all of my friends.
I use the Swaddlers for my baby, she was born a preemie and I needed a diaper that would be soft and gently on her sensitive skin, as well as absorb a lot. These diapers are perfect and they move with her body. The color changing wetness indicator is the bomb!
I love these diapers for newborns. I love the convenient cut out for the umbilical cord. The wetness indicator is a great help!
These diapers fit very well on my baby and seem to be very comfortable on him. The indicator line is the best.
Love them! Better than huggies they fit my son perfectly and he never wakes up at night while wearing pampers! Love the mesh lining inside the pamper.
Pampers Swaddlers are our favorite diapers when our babies are newborns until they are crawling, when cruisers fit a little better. However, if we are out of diapers and the store only has swaddlers, they are still superior to all other diapers. They fit better than any other diaper and we have very few blow outs with them. We also seem to have less issues with diaper rashes,
Pampers diapers are amazing ! But the wipes are even better! My munchkin uses the sensitive wipes and we have never had a bad reaction. They clean up any mess very well!
Great quality, reasonable price, love the indicater, worth spending on.
I would recommend these to any parent, they have the nice convenient yellow strip if the child is dry & turns blue is the child peed.
We have a little one with super sensitive skin, the swaddlers sensitive are the only ones that don't make her rash up! We have used them all the way through size 4, my only complaint is why wouldn't they keep making them in bigger sizes? We are now in size 5 and are using the cruisers. We like them just fine but would prefer to be using the swaddlers sensitive!! That's our one and only complaint!
Gone through all the name brand diapers with both of my boys and I always go back to pampers.
I have been using pampers swaddlers since the time my son was born. I like that they absorb a large amount. Now that my son sleeps through the night, I can leave him in his pamper swaddler all night without changing him and when he wakes up it has not leaked through on to his outfit.
These diapers are great for toddlers on the move! They move with them and don't start coming off like the other brands do! I love all the Pamers products and would recommend these to anyone!
By far my favorite diaper!! Love the wetness indicator line too! :)
I highly recommend swaddlers. Since switching to swaddlers, we have only had to deal with a few blow outs. Much better than the previous brands/styles that we tried. I did notice, however, that they seem to run on the small side. Overall, an excellent product that I will happily continue to use!
Absolutely loved swaddlers. They kept her dry and happy.
These diapers are by far the best. I've used these since my son was born. I tried Huggies but they couldnt even compare to Pampers!
We love these diapers. They fit well and form to the way baby moves. The only time we have ever had an issue is after a night he sleeps 12 hours and then it seems like the diapers is starting to fall apart.
I love pampers of any kind, although swaddlers are my favorite because they feel a little thicker. I have not been dissatisfied with any pamper brand of diaper. And as a plus, they all have a great baby powder scent that I love!!
LOVE Pampers, they are the best! You do get what you pay for!
Wetness indicator is a must for newborn. Especially for new parents as you and your baby are getting to know each others' habits and frequency/quantity of diaper changes. We had our first baby boy, and Pampers Swaddlers got the job done better than any other for fit and absorbancy wise. Mesh net lining great for keeping #2 away from baby's bottom.
We tried a couple of brands of newborn diapers for our son who started off a bit on the smaller side. The Pampers newborn diapers were the only ones that did not leak. I think the biggest issue with the other diapers was that they were not snug against his thighs which caused the diapers to leak. The newborn Pampers fit him perfectly and snugly so there were no leaks. Now that our son has grown and is moving up to the next size diaper, we will be using Pampers as well. I would definitely recommend the newborn diapers for anyone who is worried about leaks.
After trying various brands if diapers, pampers swaddlers have by far become our favorite. They aren't the cheapest out there but fit well and absorb the best.
The Swaddlers are awesome and the wet indicator strips helps the new dad and babysitters know for sure if they are wet or not. They keep my little angel feeling dry thought the long stretch at night, which helps all get more sleep.
This is a great choose to make when it's about your baby's comfort!! Pamper!!
I love Pampers Swaddlers! I have tried many other brands and nothing compares.
I love Pampers Swaddlers and was so excited when they started making them in bigger sizes for my three year old! They never leak and are great for overnight!
Pamper Swaddlers are very good product. I highly recommend them to anyone.
Love these diapers, just wish they were a little lower in price.
These diapers have been amazing for our baby girl. They keep her dry through the night and we have never had any leaks.
I have tried couple different diapers pampers and others and keep coming back to the swaddler.
Love them! Much better then the baby dry diapers!!
Pamper swaddlers are the only diaper my son won't freak out in when he's wet. They are super absorbent and keep his little butt dry and happy. I recommend them to all my friends who are first time moms.
We received several different brands of diapers for our new baby. Being first time parents we didn't have a preference of brand yet. It didn't take long to realize that pampers was for sure the way to go. It's the only brand of diapers I will buy!
We absolutely love the pampers swaddlers. Being a first time mom, these were the diapers we first used. I love the fit of them, the wetness protector, and most of all the softness. My son is a "big boy" so as he grew I was even more happy to learn that the diapers we love so much were growing in size too!!
I just love pampers products. There amazing . There soft and the wipes truely are moist
Pampers swaddlers were the diapers my boys were in at the hospital and I have been using them ever since.
Great diaper.
These are the best diapers, I wouldn't put anything else on his butt. ha-ha
Pampers Swaddlers were highly recommended when I was pregnant and asked friends which diapers were best. My nearly 7 month old has been on them since birth and we've had no complaints. There's never been any leaks and he's always very comfortable. I just wish they were a little less expensive.
The products are great with a great price point! The rewards program is also great!
heard so much about pampers. It is always our first choice.
I've tried different brands and had trouble with leakage. I've stuck with Pampers since the beginning. Recently tried Huggies night time because where I was shopping was out of the Pampers night time ones and the first night got leaky. I definitely trust Pampers. All Pampers are trustworthy, you get what u pay for.
Tried some others. These are best. The fit is right. Very absorbent. A few blowouts, but that is expected.
Very absorbent. I used to use buy another brand but I switched to pampers
I thought my baby would be a Huggies baby since all my nieces and nephews were.... But I was disappointed in the Huggies fit. Since I've switched to Pampers my son is comfortable and stays dry. Cruisers are my favorite just wished they came in smaller sizes because I had to wait for 4 months to use them.
Loved these when my daughter was an infant! They wetness indicator was great for infants!
Before becoming a mother, I was a nanny. I have tried every diaper out there and pampers are consistently the best diapers when it comes to preventing leaks. I know for a fact that in the rare event it leaks, it only means it's time to change sizes. Pampers are a little more expensive than especially the generic but worth every penny. I was given a diaper cake of generic diapers and after wearing them for two days, my daughter leaked twice and got diaper rash. I immediately went to the store and bought a pack of pampers and could have cared less about wasting the other brand!
I've tried many different brands of diapers and overall I love Pampers the best. I love the fact that Swaddlers are now available in bigger sizes too!
These diapers are wonderful. I have had no problems with them and highly recommend them.
These diapers are alway dependable, gentle on your baby, and the fit is perfect! I tried many other diapers and after trying 5 other brands...we came running back to pampers....we will never stray again!
When my son was a newborn, I tried all kinds of diapers. Pampers were the only ones that worked for use.
I am very pleased with pampers swaddlers - overall they are a great product I wouldn't use any other brand
We only buy Pampers Swaddlers after going through multiple other brands. Our little boy has less leaks and/or blowouts with Pampers. They keep his skin dry all night... which is about 11 hours for us. Plus, our little one does not end up with the crystals/gel from the absorbent material in the diaper on his skin in the morning... as was the case with other diaper brands. I wish they were a little bit wider to accommodate our little one's rump (it's hereditary) better; but overall, we are super satisfied!
Great fit and absorb so much moisture and keeps my baby from getting diaper rash.
Love Pampers. We have used them since our daughter was born.
We tried Huggies for our baby boy & had several leaks & "blow outs." We have had much better containment with Pampers.
Every diaper fits differently but Pampers do the trick for our baby!
I recommed it is great for my babies is the best i would use it all the time
Had trouble with Huggies leaking but never a problem with Pampers leaking
Being a nurse and a mom, I look at a number of different aspects of each product I use. Pampers Swaddlers have met and exceeded my expectations. They keep my baby dry, and are super absorbent. They hold more moisture than any other product I've used. Plus they are snuggly soft for my precious baby. I won't use anything else!
The hospital where my daughter was born presented my wife and I with Swaddlers new born diapers...My daughter is nearly two years old now. I will never leave this brand of diapers for another brand. The diapers fit my daughter easily without making any red marks on her bottom.
We love these.our little man sleeps in them every night.
These are the only diapers I will use on my little daughter. I have tried Huggies and luvs both and neither one fit. She blew out out of both multiple times. I will continues to use Pampers swaddlers until she no longer needs diapers
Greatttttt. They're great!! Won't use anything else ever
Both of my daughters lived in Pampers and this new one will too! Love them:)
Great product, but pricey. However, you can get it cheap at toyrus or babiesrus. Sometimes, check amazon. I wish that pampers reward will offer more gift card from retail store such as target, cvs, rite aid. I saved my points and waited forever, but it seems that pampers didn't offer gift card any more.
I've used the other brands that I received as shower gifts and had nothing but leaking. Pampers have worked the best for me as far as comfort and dryness.
I've tried every name brand diaper and have been in love with pampers. They are so soft, they make minimal noise and have never leaked. My baby's sensitive bottom never gets bothered by them.
This diapers last overnight for my little one. He hasn't soaked through one yet!
Pampers Swaddlers are GREAT. Never have had a problem with them. Of course there is always the unexpected blowout that no diaper will hold. They are a great fit for my son and hold a LOT. He goes 12 hrs at night with no leakage.
We have trusted Pampers Swaddlers for our twins since the day they were born.
Pampers swaddlers are perfect for newborns. The wetness indicator takes the guess out of how many wet diapers my baby has in a day, which reassures me he's getting enough to eat.
We knew diapers were going to be a try it and see item with our baby. We were given small packs of all the major brands - huggies, parents choice (wal-mart store brand), and pampers. The wal-mart brand felt like plastic and leaked after a regular wet diaper round. I used them for a week at Christmas while visiting family. Never again. I had to wash my baby's clothes because she used them all with diaper leaks. Huggies were ok, but didn't have the same fit that Pampers did.

Pampers swaddlers have been fantastic. They fit my daughter snugly, are very comfy, hold an amazing amount of moisture, and guard against blow-outs the best. In 8 months, we've had 3 poopy blow-outs total. I have a tall skinny girl, but the stretchy fastening straps mean we always get a tight fit around her waist and legs. I won't be using any other brand of diapers for her. I've even saved her extra diapers as she outgrows them for future babies.
Overall a great quality diaper. A little on the expensive side but they have worked the best for our little boy, he is 4 months old now and we have had no leaks!
These diapers are one of the best out there! The fit is great and conforms to my child's shape. Its absorbency is wonderful and keeps my baby's bottom dry!
I love pampers! I have 8 month old identical twin girls so I go thru alot of diapers!! Pampers provides the best quality and fit! My girls are "big boned" already in a size 4 so the over night diapers are amazing for leakage protection throughout the night. With two infants in diapers the rewards points is such a big help especially for a financially struggling single mother like myself. I recommend pampers to all Mommy's ;)
Great product and reliable brand. I can rely on the absorbency even when
The baby sleeps longer through the night. I especially love the wetness indicator strip so I don't have to completely undo the diaper if it is dry.
Never had a single leak with these, as we have had with several other leading brand diapers. My son's skin has never had a reaction with these diapers, and I love the wetness indicator.
I tried several brands of diapers for my baby... Earth's Best, Luvs and Huggies, none of which compared to Pampers Swaddlers. These diapers fit him the right way and prevented several leaks. In fact, the only time I had leaks is when he was ready to move up to the next size. All of the other diapers caused some sort of leakage onto the baby or his clothing. The diapers also have a nice light powdery scent. I'm a firm Pampers customer after experiencing those other brands!
We love pampers swaddlers! They keep my baby and I happy!
Pampers are sure to deliver quality in every package. I have tried other brands in the past, but none offer the snug fit and the ability to keep my little one dry through out the night quite like Pampers. I don't anticipate my baby ever experiencing a diaper rash as long as I am using their brand.
I always love pampers, used them with both of my children. I would recommend them to anyone, & give them as part of their gift.
Pampers are the best diapers on the market. The umbilical cord notch is great!
Keeps baby dry like real diapers suppose too! Thank you pampers!
Absolutely love pampers swaddlers! They are the only diapers that my little one doesn't ever leak out of even overnight!
I tried other brands and there is no doubt on changing, I'll stay with pampers. Swaddlers are so soft for the babies that reduced the rashes from eczema on my babies and kept them dry for longer.
We started with these from the hospital on and even though I received other brands of diapers as gifts, I only buy Pampers bc they are definitely the best ones I've used so far!
My sister originally used Pampers Swaddlers with her kids and I started to use them on my daughter. I've tried other brands and always come back to the Swaddlers. Highly recommend.
Our hospital uses only Pampers Swaddlers, so we decided to give them a try. They are fantastic. We have never had a blow out and our son has never had diaper rash. We have no reason to try any other brand!
We are first time parents and had a newborn daughter that had a diaper rash we couldn't get to heal, and very sensitive skin. We tried everything, different diapers and different wipes, as well as every diaper rash cream out there. The fix was this: Pampers Swaddlers & plain homemade wipes. We love our Pampers Swaddlers and are even into size 3 now! We intend to use these until there is a reason for a change (maybe crawling we'll move to the crusiers?) I'd recommend Pampers Swaddlers to anybody who's baby has sensitive skin and are looking for a great product for the price!
There is no comparison. Swaddlers are the softest, best diaper ever. Keeps baby dry and rarely leak.
My wife and I absolutely love how pampers keeps our little one dry, but less expensive options work well enough for our needs.
i just love these diapers. they dont cover their belly button and they have the aloe smell which prevents the urine smell
When we got home from the hospital all we used were Pampers Swaddlers! They are by far the softest diaper for my little one and the color changing wetness indicator made it easy to see if she was wet with a quick peek.
The pampers swaddlers provide perfect absorbency. The blue line indicator on the diaper makes it easy to determine when baby needs a change. I've used this products for both of my kids.
seriously the best diapers in the world. i would deffinately repurchase
Love the fact pampers swaddlers are so soft my daugher has been using then since she was born. Never had a single rush because of the quality.
Swaddlers includes the color changing wetness indicator which I find invaluable. Great addition to product line with larger sizes.
LOVE the Swaddlers for the first 4 months for my baby. I then moved to baby dry. But the Swaddlers worked AMAZING for my newborn! :)
For a first time mom I only use pampers swaddlers we love them.. Even returned the huggies we got as baby shower presents. :)
I love the swaddlers, the first brand I encounter were the ones for the umblical cord, I thought that this is a great idea, because of fear of the old ones rubbing that area. Now that my LO is older I use the pampers swaddlers and keep him dry and no irritation to his little bottom.
Pampers does a great job on absorbancy and lasting.
I am very satisfied with the quality of Pampers Swaddlers. It absorbs well, and the "wet" blue strip is a great feature. We've been using Pampers Swaddlers since my little one was born. I've tried other brand or other Pampers model, but always switched back because of the quality difference.
We have been using pampers since our daughter was born, it is great product no leaks as of yet
My son stayed dry the whole night! When I started using pampers baby dry, we all got a good nights sleep.
Pampers diapers have always been our choice after our first child. Of course we tried and used others and because others leak or fall apart or cause rashes even rip apart when trying to put a diaper on, Pampers Swaddlers are down right the best choice.
My 7mo daughter gets diaper rash so easily and pampers swaddlers have been the best for her. They fit very well and the lining in it helps a lot. Also love the sensitive wipes!
I reccomend pampers swaddlers to all my friends. They keep my baby dry through the night.
I love the smell of them and the feel! Also i really like the wetness indicator... pure genius! No more sticking my finger in the diaper to check for wetness!
I love Pampers Swaddlers! They are so soft and I want the best for my little babe! I love the wetness indicator. I like the side "wings" to catch anything that might leak out! They go up high enough to catch leaks :)
I want first class for my little guy and Pampers Swaddlers are the way to go!
We have tried other brands of diapers but Pampers swaddlers are the best and that is the only brand we use.
My baby pees to much, like if all he does is drinking! I have tried other diapers and they don't seem to work like pampers do!!
Love them! All of my friends use them and they come highly recommended!
The wetness indicator helps to see if my baby needs a changing or not. It's an added bonus to a great diaper!
We tried several diff brands for our first baby and even though the price is a bit more he can wear them longer without leaking out
These are the only diapers we use! I love the fit and softness of them (not paper-y like other brands) and the wetness indicator is an awesome bonus!
Pampers fit so well compared to other brands, Love!
swaddlers are the best product to buy especially for sensitive skin
Absolutely love your products. Great quality and very reliable. Thank you Pampers!
Baby number 2 and still using Pampers! Not only are the swaddlers soft and flexible, they are also the most absorbent rah we have used. We have tried many other brands and none measure up. So happy that swaddlers are now offered in bigger sizes. Will continue to purchase and recommend :)
As a new mom, i was unaware of the differences between diapers. I received many diapers, both huggies and pamperd, at my baby shower and when my little one arrived i tried them both. I have to say that my diapers of choice are definitely pampers swaddlers, there was zero leaking at all times. I will continue to use them as my baby grows.
Being a new mom again, I wasn't sure which products worked best. I tried other name brands and she got a rash. Pampers was the only product that did not give her a rash.
We had a diaper party and received Pampers as well as Huggies but after using the Pampers swaddlers I have decided that is my diaper of choice for my baby girl. The tabs are easier to attach and the fit is superior. They definitely make my baby girl's bottom happier.
I love Pampers brand! It is my go-to for diapering my daughter. Sometimes, my husband and I will use a store brand bc they are cheaper and also have the wetness indicator. But nothing compares to Pampers.. Really. I ALWAYS send her to daycare with Pampers, even if we are using the store brand at home. There's nothing like the absorbency. And the fit is great, too. My daughter will definitely be wearing Pampers until she's potty trained :)
These diapers extremely soft and perfect for newborns.
Excellent product and very reliable! I did not feel the same about other brands! Pampers helped me rest at ease.
I have being using Pampers for over 20 years now , since 1995 and now with a 7 week old son. I have tried other brands, but end up back to Pampers, no other diaper can compare to Pampers.
my son is almost 4 months and has been in pampers since he was born. very pleased with these diapers and the fit, definately worth the price!
I have tried many types of diapers, and Pampers is the best hands down! The fit is great. Absorbency is outstanding! I feel these diapers fit my little one better than any other brand.
I love pampers because I feel like my child is always dry even if he has a very wet diaper. He never smells like wet diaper which I experienced with other brands. I love the indicator stripe so I don't have to touch into the diaper to check if he is wet or not.
I love these pampers, the swaddlers do not irritate my little one. I would like a pamper for night time that does not irritate my little one.
I found the Swaddler diaper was best for when my son was an infant. Then, I purchased non-swaddled and I went back because I liked them so much!
I have used pampers swaddlers on my daughter since I brought her home from the hospital. We tried other brands that were given to us and we weren't satisfied. Pampers are so efficient and truly keep our daughter dry. I would recommend these to all my friends and family.
I love the pampers swaddlers. The netting is great.
My 6 month old is always in Pampers diapers! I love the wetness indicator, the tabs, everything! Pampers has been one of the best trusted brands for years and there's no doubt about why! I recommend Pampers products to all parents out there! Also, we were using Huggies wipes in the beginning but they always tore so we switched to Pampers wipes and we're so happy that we did! They are super strong and also much more moist than Huggies wipes were so they glide across the skin with much more ease! Pampers all the way!
I thought all diapers were pretty much the same until I became a mom last year. I have now discovered that not all diapers are created equally. Although swaddlers a a bit more expensive than other pampers and other diaper brands. I just love this product so much I will buy it. I love the wetness indicator and I love that it rarely leaks no matter the explosion inside the diaper!
I love this product because it works the best for my baby.
Great product. I'm using since my baby born. Excellent price and quality.
We have used Swaddlers since our son was born. We love the fit and absorbency!
I've tried every major diaper brand out there. None even come close to comparing to Pampers Swaddlers. With Swaddlers I'm confident that my baby's skin is protected from moisture and that I won't have unexpected leaks to deal with. I am a die hard believer in Pampers Swaddlers and strongly recommend them to anyone expecting their first child. Save your money and frustration with other brands and go with the best. I am so thankful that they now come in larger sizes!!! In the past I was so disappointed when we had to switch because we grew out of the size range but this time around, we can stick with Swaddlers until potty training. Thank you!!!
These diapers are by far my favorite. I've tried other diapers thinking I was getting a better value, but their performance left much to be desired. They either leaked, had a poor fit, or didn't keep my baby dry. Pampers swaddlers out performed the others which is why they are my choice diaper.
Pampers is the best diaper i have ever bought for my son and i will always buy pampers products including pampers wipes. I just love the perfect fit around my baby and the nice and easy grip on the wipes.
Swaddlers are our favorite diapers. Very soft, very absorbent!
Love the indicator for wet or soiled diapers. As a parent to a newborn it's hard to tell if the diapers are wet and the indicator help a lot especially when trying to keep track of the changes day to day. Great fit for my son and no leaks.
Fit around the legs a little snug otherwise no issues. Very rarecleaks even overnight
I love using pampers swaddlers for my newborns! They ar eso soft and gentle on new skin that is so sensitive. They are all i used for my babies the first couple months.
Awesome diapers. Holds in the dirty diapers. Lasts all night for wet ones. Won't buy anything else
My son was born 5 weeks early. In the NICU they put him in pampers. They've kept him dry and comfortable.
As a new mom I had no preconceived ideas about diapers. I asked all of my mommy friends for their opinion on what to buy and their answers were all over the map. So we experimented with several types of diapers ourselves. Pampers swaddlers came out on top regarding all important aspects of a diaper. My baby and huband and I all agree that these are the best for dryness, value, and clear communication (blue line when wet!). My only four star rating is for 'fit' because they are just a little bit baggy in the butt.....but I do have a small kiddo.
I have used these diapers on my son since he was born, we are now up to a size two. They are very reliable and they always fit great.
My baby is in newborn diapers and this product is amazing! The notch is wonderful and the fit is great! I love how well the absorb and that we never have leaks or problems knowing when she needs a change. The only issue I have is that the newborn size is too small and the ones are too big (this does not really have anything to do with the diapers, just my baby!!)
These diapers are the only ones that have worked for my son. I prefer the Swaddlers to the Baby Dry or Cruisers but all are great. We are definitely a Pampers family! I am glad they are making bigger swaddlers now too! :)
Pampers Swadders are a great fit for our daughter!
I really like pampers swaddlers. They are our diaper of choice. Just wish they were a bit cheaper but we will still buy them.
Our daughter is 7 months and we have been using pampers saddlers sensitive brand since she was born. We love the quality and they are very easy on her skin. She has very sensitive skin and these diapers work so good for her.
Swaddlers are my preferred choice of diapers, great fit!
I love pampers swaddlers because they are so very soft. I have a newborn I use them on and I wish they were made all the way up to size 7. I also have a special needs son that is 6 and wears the size 7 in cruisers.
Pamper swaddlers diapers soooo soft and fits right , I been using it since my baby was born and I love the blue line on it ;)
I have used pampers for both of my kids and would. It use anything else!
I have been using these since I had my first baby in 2010, I have definitely tried a lot of other brands and these are always what I go back to.
I have tried different diapers before but have not been satisfied and have gone back to using nothing but pampers brands, I'm very happy with the product and wouldn't change it
Been using Pampers on my baby since birth and been happy with them!
I used Pampers Swaddlers with my son and now with my daughter. They are great! They are super absorbent and keep the baby dry even when sleeping through the night! I would highly recommend Pampers to anyone!
The feature I most enjoyed about swaddlers was the wetness indicator and the softness. I used these the first month of my babies life. After I got used to seeing what a "wet" diaper felt like (i.e. capacity) I switched to baby dry for the value. I am a stay at home mom so with being down to one income, I had to stretch the diaper budget without sacrificing quality. Baby Dry allowed me to keep buying Pampers.
I've tried many diapers and this one is my favorite by far. It fits great and never fails! It's worth the extra money.
Pampers are my go-to diapers. I definitely look for them when I'm diaper shopping, love the Pampers Swaddlers. Also a big fan of the wetness indicator!
My daughter was diagnosed with urine reflux. I needed something to keep her dry at all times. It's a bonus that she's never had a diaper rash!
I have only ever used pampers Swaddlers and see no reason to change what has been working great for my new son. The absorbency is great and I am sure we will use these as long as he needs them! Great product!
Im so glad I chose this product for my baby! I dont have to worry about any messes since this diaper fits perfectly!
Only ones that dont give him a rash in 10 minutes. Super absorbent, never had a leak. Excellent fit
I have been using pamper products for the past 11 yrs. The quality is the "BEST"! Would definitely recommend this product to all.
These are by far the best! I used them for my son and daughter. Both never had rashes. Never got to wet.
I am so happy they have these in bigger sizes now. I will only be using these until potty training.
I love the line that tells you if they're dry or wet. GENIUS! My oldest is 5 and youngest is 19 months. I only used these when they were newborns. We still use pampers brand diapers cause they are more comfortable.
Pampers Swaddlers are my favorite!!! I love them. The NICU used Huggies and I hated them.
This dad loves pampers. Great fit and easy to use!
Pampers are the only diaper we have used on my 21 month old daughter. We were excited when swalders started coming in larger sizes.
I love Pampers Swaddlers and am so happy they decided to make more sizes
The swaddlers preemie and newborn diapers have been awesome for my little girl. They hold so much she has only once cried because of a wet diaper! The cost is a little higher then others but these are well worth it.
We have used pampers since our son was born. We tried Huggies and the leaked every time. The also irritated his skin. Pampers have never leaked or irritated his skin.
These diapers have been the best for my child, no wet clothes like when I used huggies. The wipes were great also
These were the first diapers my child wore, and they will be the only diapers he wears. Pampers Swaddlers are high quality!
I really love these diapers! My family always scared me that the baby was gonna go through like a dozen diapers a day but these diapers are super absorbent and the baby never fuses over a dirty diaper! Recommend them 200%! :-)
I love using Pampers Baby Dry. I have an active 23 month old and the fit is great. They keep her dry through the night as well. She is able to run, jump and play without there being a leak. I can always count on Pampers Baby Dry to give my daughter consistent protection. I also love how Pampers has a reward program and I earn points towards rewards that fit my families needs.
I love these diapers and wouldn't choose anything else for my 8 week old son. At first I felt like the NB size fit him better than when we transitioned to size 1, but now I am used to the new fit and he is still soft and dry. I can't thank Pampers and the Swaddler line enough for keeping my little boy happy and comfortable. They may cost a little more...but I'm willing to pay for a dry baby boy!
I have three children and used only pampers brand in all them. Extremely satisfied best quality as always!
Great quality! The only diaper that is still dry after a full 12 hours at 12 hours at night. Amazing!
Pampers fits better than any other diaper. It is absorbent and priced well. My baby can still move around comfortably while the diaper stays in place.
Best diapers for babies with sensitive skin and great for reducing diaper rash! I only use Pampers!
We have had your diapers and wipes since birth, our son is now 2 yrs old and potty training. Thank you for keeping him dry, letting us know when he wet and never having a leak. The wipes helped clean up all kinds of messes. I have also getting to know the various stages from birth to preschool. You have been such a big help in our family.

Natalie
We have tryed all brands of diapers and pampers are all around the best they keep baby dry all night, they also dont fall apart when wet. I would definitely recommend pampers to a friend. I have used pampers threw out my first baby now im on my second (due may 23) and the only diapers im buying or requesting is pampers!
I highly recommend pampers swaddlers! They are the best diapers I have ever used.I have had nothing but great results :) Good for mommy and good for baby!
My oldest child is 4 and my youngest child will be 1 next month! I have been using Pampers diapers since the oldest was born! I only use Pampers diapers and wipes! I tried others when the oldest was younger, but none of them fit the way Pampers did or absorbed as much as Pampers do! Overall I give Pampers A++ & wouldn't use anything else!
I am so glad that swaddle rs come in nb to size 5 now. They are super soft and I love that they have the wetness indicator :)
I much prefer the fit of the pampers swaddled over the huggies snugglers! Also, much fewer leaks!!
Best diapers over all! I tried others, but only pampers swaddlers work best for my little guy. I also love that i can get the in size 5. :-)
My wife and I love the color indicator. Anything to make life a bit easier is helpful with a baby.
Very happy with the way this diaper fit my new born. Plenty of room on the sides around the legs, yet tight enough to not have any leaks. The color indicator was great for my husband, as a first time father he had no clue what he was doing, but he at least new when to change the diaper.
These diapers are my favorite, from the Newborn size all the way to size 6. Last week my son jumped in our friend's kiddie pool fully clothed with his swaddlers diaper on. His friend did the same, and as their diapers absorbed the water, my sons' Pampers Swaddlers held up while his friend's diaper (another brand) did not. Even in a situation they are not made for, the kiddie pool, Pampers Swaddlers are the best diaper!
As a first-time mom I was skeptical of diaper brands being better or worse than others. As a first-time mom to twins, I have changed TONS of diapers and am certainly looking to get value and quality out of diapers for my little ones. Swaddlers are by far better than all the rest (and we experimented with them all)! They work great for both boys and girls (I have one of each) and have always kept my twins dry (even for the 10-12 hour nighttime stretch). We are very happy that Swaddlers are now available through size 5!
I'm currently pregnant with our third daughter. I will most definitely buy pampers Swaddles for her through size 1-2. I love how soft they are. They are not bulky and fit my other two children really well. One of my favorite features is the "netting" inside that literally pulls away any poo from their bottom. I breastfed and really liked how well it kept their bottoms dry.
I usually switch to Luvs once they get older and aren't having as many bowel movements. If I weren't on such a budget I would splurge for pampers, but unfortunately I don't get to price them.
At baby showers, we received every kind and brand of diaper; however, Pampers are our favorite!
I love pampers and refuse to use other diapers. I have never had problems with leaking or anything else.
Great absorbency! Last hours keeping baby dry either throughout the day or night.
I love the Pampers swaddlers! They keep my child dry and I like the wet strip.
Love how absorbent the diapers are and my husband loves the indicator for diaper changes. Have not had any reactions to baby's skin. Great quality. Will use again with next child.
I have been using pampers since my little man was born. I did try other diaper brands like luvs and Huggies but nothing worked for us like pampers. I would totally recommend pampers to anyone who has a little one. They are able to sleep through the night and still be mostly dry in the morning when they wake up.
Great product! My husband and I are using Swaddlers for our newborn son and we love them! They are great quality and do everything they say they will!
I would definitely recommend Pampers Swaddlers to any new mom. The diapers feel like cloth and very soft on the baby's bottom. Once I tried it, I was hooked. Never used any other brand since and my chunky monkey is now 6 months old.
Wonderful product!!!!!! Diapers have come along so much in 16yrs! I will always purchase pampers for my new little one!!
The hospital where I delivered my son used pampers swaddlers, and so I continued to use them. I love them. They keep his little bum dry and they are very absorbent. It's the only diaper I have used and will continue to use them!
I used them with first born, now I'm using them with my second
When we had our first child my students threw us a diaper shower and we were able to try a variety of diaper brands. The only brand we didn't have major leaks were Pampers! I love the Swaddlers and so do my friends. Now for baby diaper showers we specify Pampers Swaddlers:)
Had my first baby in November. The hospital gave us pampers and we haven't stopped using them since. Love the fit and how dry it keeps my little one.
We started with Pampers Swaddlers when our baby was born and we've stuck with them. We got some Baby Dry as a gift but didn't like the fit as much. We also got Huggies as gifts and we passed them on. We prefer Pampers Swaddlers.
Loved these diapers with my first son! They didn't leak like other brands and once I switched to using these diapers exclusively he didn't get diaper rashes anymore! Excellent choice of diapers! Will be using these with my twins as soon as they are born!
My son has never been dryer day in and day out swaddlers are the best when it comes to standing up to the test, and we take a lot long car rides. Hope they make these in a size 6 soon
This product keeps my baby dry. It's absorbency goes beyond any other diaper product!! Did I mention the cute characters on the diapers themselves. Simply adorable!!
I love them, they adjust perfectly to maddie and she has never had an overflow with them!
I will use nothing else. Pampers swaddlers are in a league off their own.
We are absolutely a Pampers family. This is our second child and we mostly cloth diaper but supplement with disposables. We've tried other brands and they just don't compare from an absorbency and dryness standpoint. Plus I like the new natural products.
I love how these diapers hold in specimen. They also run true to size.
I used swaddlers with my first son, some years ago before they were available up to size 5. Needless to say I'm glad they are available up to size 5 for my new son.
We tried another brand of diapers hoping cheaper would be better but nothing compares to the quality of Pampers swaddlers diapers. The feel, the fit, and absorbency cannot be beat. We used pampers with our twins 6 years ago and will continue to use them with our 2 week old son. We are firm believers in the quality of Pampers.
I fell in love with Pampers products right away. I am a first time Mom and everything is a learning process. It didn't take long for me to realize Pampers were the way to go. I am a huge fan of the swaddlers. They are super soft and fit great. The sensitive diapers are wonderful too. I use those a along with sensitive wipes. My 3 month old has one happy bottom!
These diapers are great in every way you want a diaper to be. They are very absorbent, no diaper rash issues, fit great, look cute and are priced just right.
I love pampers swaddlers. I am very pleased with the diaper!! The wet indicator is such a plus!
We tried all brands and this was by far our favorite.
By far the best diapers, the only diaper I trust using through the night it doesn't leak!
I have tried other brands but to date, Pampers are my favorite. I have had fewer accidents and leaks from full diapers.
My son is sleeping through the night 8pm to 7am and he can wake up with a FULL and we mean very full diaper...the swaddlers always hold up never have had a bad experience with them. They fit well, and his skin is very sensitive and he has no issues at all.
We used pampers Swaddlers with our oldest kids almost ten years ago, so we knew that's what we wanted this time around too. They are great. The only diaper that doesn't leak! Love them
Pampers swaddlers are great! The only diaper my son could use because all the kinds with chemicals in them broke him out. I highly recommend (:
I have used pampers since day one with my little boy. Great fit. He's always dry. And I love the "indicator line" for those who are babysitting and don't recognize a full diaper.
Pampers brand diapers are the only diapers my nephew wears. They are super easy to put on and take off and are the only ones that keep him completely dry. The wetness indicator is amazing!!
I like Pampers diapers a lot but they are more expensive than others.
Pampers products are so dependable. Their diapers are all I will use. Very durable and never leak!
Very good quality product. Definitely recommended to everyone.
I tried a few other diapers for my little boy and Pampers swaddlers were the only ones I liked. They fit great and I have had no issues with leaking. The little line that turns from yellow to blue when its wet is Genius! I highly recommend these!!
I used Pampers Swaddlers for my first born 8 years ago and it is still my diaper of choice for my newborn now. Love it and I don't use any other brand. Keeps my baby dry without over drying.
I love the pampers swaddlers this is the only brand I used for my 17th month old son.
I am a satisfied customer. I found that I received my money's worth with this product. The fit on my son was great and the absorbancy worked very well through the night to prevent leaks. I am so glad that pampers decided to add size 4 in swaddled a now. I am a pampers mom and will be for my next one.
Pampers diapers are very good. They keep baby dry and does not leak
Swaddlers are perfect softness for my sensitive skin baby boy!
Very soft fabric and good absorbency! Sizing is better than other brands.
These diapers have been the best we have used so far since our baby girl was born. They keep her very dry and we have had little problems with diaper rash even when she wears one without changing overnight. It is amazing in the morning to feel how heavy the diaper is, but no leaks! The material is also very nice, it doesn't seem to chafe or bother her in any way.
When we first brought our baby girl home from the hospital, we had Luvs, Huggies, and Pampers Swaddlers on hand because we always bought whatever was on sale during my pregnancy. After many leaks and blowouts from the other brands, I took back the other ones and used my store credit to buy more Pampers swaddlers :) as for store brands, I can just say, you get what you pay for. Pampers are the BEST!
My baby is 10 weeks old and I have used Pampers and Huggies brand diapers. By far I prefer the fit and quality of Pampers.
Really soft and gentle on my newborns delicate skin!
I love pampers and have used them for all three of my kids. Though I would recommend you lowering your prices. The softness and over all product is just great!
We tried 3 different types of diapers when my daughter was born just to see which would be best and Pampers swaddlers were by far the best choice for us. Huggies just didn't hold up and she leaked in newborn although that was the proper size for her, Luvs were leak proof but they didn't feel soft and were rough, Pampers swaddlers were just the best fit and quality all around.
We have used several different brands with our 3 month old daughter, and keep going back to Pampers. They are a bit more than some of the bargain and generic brands, but we feel it's worth it. We love the stripe on the front of the diaper that change when it's wet, because our little one isn't always fussy when she's wet. We have had very few blow outs and no leaks. We'll continue to buy Pampers for her.
The Swaddlers brand is the best out of any diaper. My baby has sensitive skin and has had diaper rash with other brands. We will use Swaddlers as long as we can!
The swaddlers diapers are very soft and dry. My baby always use this kind of diapers since she was born. I try other diapers but go back to swaddlers every time.
pampers is one the best brand of diapers. you can count on good guilty. I loved that pampers made a size for very little ones, i have twines, so they were small. also , love the notch cut out for the umbilical cord. nice job for putting in the wetness indicator. help keeping babies dry is a very good thing. when you are trying to take care two at once. thank you for making such a wonderful diaper. sincerely, father of twines.
I have used pampers diapers exclusively with both of my daughters. They fit great. Are absorbent and rarely ever leak.
Just as the title suggested albeit it is a bit pricey.
The diapers always fit just exactly how they say they will.
I love Pampers. I've been using it since 1993. It absorbs and keep my baby dry for the longest time. Especially at night!! I recommend Pampers to all mommies and mommies to be.
I tried other brands of diapers but I loved the pampers swaddlers. They're what the hospital provided me with and the quality is great. They feel soft and I have never had an issue with my daughter wetting thru this diaper.
They are awesome pampers . Great products they carry
I love these for newborns. You know when they need to be changed. And if they peed or pooped.
Great for my son who has sensitive skin. Also the wet indicator helps so that dirty diapers don't go unnoticed.
I love these diapers so much!!! They have seen us through 2.5 years! Now bring on the undies!!!
I have used the Pampers Swaddlers since my son was born and loved them! They fit perfectly at every month and are very absorbant. Very rarely have we had leaks! Definatlely recommend this brand!
Pampers Swaddlers are the only brand we regularly purchase because of the proven track record of high quality and protection. They've been the best fit for our babies and we've had the least leaks with this brand. We love the new wetness indicator stripe!
I have used pampers swaddlers from day one and wouldn't even consider switching. They work great for us, I've never had a diaper leak through and she sleeps 8-10 hours through the night without needed a change.
We love pampers! They work great for my son! He is extremely active and they manage to keep up with his busy lifestyle!
The pampers diapers are great because they let you know when your baby goes one.Also they fit the babies well and easy to put on .
Pampers swaddlers are the best! They fit perfectly and are very soft! Best of all they don't irritate my daughters sensitive skin!
Great product my kids have used these since they wore born with zero problems
We really like the way these diapers fit and keep our kids dry.
Pampers swaddlers diapers are the only ones we use now on our twins. We tried Huggies and a warehouse brand and neither fit or functioned as well as Pampers. No problems with diaper rash that I have heard from users of other brands.
Love love love it !!!! Works amazing and great quality !
I have used Pampers Swaddlers since my daughter's birth. They were the diapers used in the hospital and I stuck with them since they worked so well. No issues with leaks, rashes, etc.
Great absorbency, I like the way the diaper fits and no leaks.
my 2 yr old has been in Swaddlers since birth. I have tried other diapers, even other Pampers, and always go back to Swaddlers. They are thin and don't bunch so she doesn't look like she's wearing a huge diaper. And they are so soft you don't hear the normal diaper noise when she moves around. They rarely leak, and when they do its mostly because she had liquids right before bed. I highly recommend these diapers!
Absolutely love that's all that I used for my son from day one and I wouldn't switch to any other brand :) two thumps up all the way plus it has rewards so you kinda get your money back in a way
The softest diaper on the market, but yet still durable! The best product for the money.
Great fit, keeps baby dry and doesn't cause rash! Love Pampers products.
As a first-time parent, I appreciated having the wetness indicator early on. As our little guy has grown, the absorbency of the diapers have continued to prove effective.
Great products. Only down fall is when my LO has a big blow out it shoots up the back or out the legs but I think that would happen with any diaper with his blow outs :-)
I have been using pampers swaddlers since the birth of my first daughter in October. They are excellent quality. We have had no episodes of leakage!
its gentler on my guys bottom too. it didn't cause him any skin irritation.
My favorite type of Pampers, love the line that tells Dad when to change, but only drawback that I give the Value an less than Excellent Score is I think Pampers is a little sneaky when then charge the same price for a case of swaddlers diapers versus the normal ones but there are few less in there...cmon, you can fit the same amount in one case, its a little disingenuous.
These are the best diapers. I have twins, we have tried a lot of other brands. These don't leak... the others do. Pampers might be more expensive, but I will continue to buy them because it's worth it to not have to clean explosive diapers off my girls.
Pampers swaddlers are the best! They fit perfectly on my little one and seem pretty comfy. The color-changing lone is perfect for knowing when he needs to be changed. Love love love!!!
I like that they're soft and comfortable for and on him
Pampers has an amazing way to keep everything inside the diaper.... No leakage at all! I started using Pampers on my newborn (1st child) by recommendation and also after doing research on which is the best diaper brand out on the market that will have a good fit, softness, absorbency and dryness. I definitely pair it up with Pampers wipes which are also so wonderful cleaning and not leaving any rashes or redness. I definitely recommend Pampers, I wouldn't it change it for any other brand. Thanks Pampers!
We weren't sure which diapers to try with our newborn, but our hospital used swaddlers and we loves them so much, we continue to use them today. They've never leaked, and our baby girl never cries even when the diaper is wet. She is two and a half months old and we just got in the size 2 diapers. Love these and so thankful they make them in bigger sizes because we don't want to change anytime soon!
Pampers diapers is the only diaper I will buy for my baby girl Olivia. I never worry about her diaper leaking or fitting her properly. I like the wetness indicator and my daughter likes the characters that are printed on the front of the diapers. I would recommend Pampers to any new mom.
I love using pampers they are great diapers for all ages
Love thede diapers! With my first son I used huggies big mistake! I love Pampers they fit perfect no leaking either! ! I always buy pampers and will continue to with my 3rd child coming up.
These diapers to fit both of my daughters better than any other brands. They are little bit more expensive, however they are very absorbent and they are stylish. We love these diapers and wipes. We will continue to buy this product.
Keeps my little one dry... No leaks like other diaper brands I have tried. Lasts all night. My husband just remarked how Pampers diapers are the superior diaper brand!
Nothing beats Pampers Swaddlers. They fit my son perfectly and best of all, super absorbent for all night peace of mind. I've tried other competitor brands and they did not fit as well. He also needed to be changed more frequently in those other brands. I love the yellow line down the center of the Swaddler diaper that changes colors {to blue} when my baby is wet. It takes all the guess work out when you're a busy mom.
No complaints on this end as our baby does not mind being wet or dirty in the diapers and is able to move around as she pleases.
great absorbancy with no urine smell when wet, very soft
I would recommend these for newborns. The fit is awesome, but mostly they seem soft on infant skin.
I would recommend these soft yet very absorbent diapers to any mom!
Diapers are great. Used them in the hospital. Bought many after that. The only thing I would recommend for the smaller diapers is a notch cut out for the umbilical cord, otherwise great product.
As a first time mom, I got many different diapers from my showers and thought they all were the same. But the feel of pampers swaddlers are amazing and they work perfectly on my baby boy. I was amazed at how other diapers feel like paper compared to pampers. Now I share with my other first time moms it really does matter which brand you buy!
Would recommend to anyone that has a new baby or toddler.
I used pampers for my first child 7 years ago and now for my second. I tried other brands but couldn't get the right fit, absorbancy, and sensitivity as pampers. I will never buy another brand of diapers or wipes again!
I have tried other products and I can't compare them to pampers swaddlers.
I highly recommend this product It's the best diaper I have found. This is my third child.
Have been using these diapers since my little one was born, we have tried a few others but they didn't measure up to pampers swaddlers. These are our #1 choice and we don't plan on switching.
Pampers are so absorbent, we've never had a leak in 18 months!
I've used pampers swaddlers for both of my boys and definitely reccomend them over huggies. They are so soft and stay dry!
I only have my baby wear Pampers. They stay dry longer & they're the best fitting diapers I've tried on her!
I've tried Luvs, Huggies and Pampers...so far Pampers are the only diapers that keep my son dry at night and from having blow outs during the day! I would definitely reccommend pampers over all others!
This is by far the best diaper I've tried. It's the only one that has never leaked and keeps my baby dry and comfortable.
I just love these diapers. There perfect n not too bulky like huggies, n LUVS looks cheap. I will always buy pampers
The swaddlers diapers are wonderful i love the yellow strip which helps giving my husband warning the baby may need a diaper change.
We tried everything out there and they all seemed to fail in one way or another, mostly with leaking out the front and not fitting properly. With Pampers Swaddlers, everything worked amazing! No more wet clothes in the front! Pampers is all we buy, and I would recommend them to anyone!
These diapers are wonderful! They fit my son great and do not leak!
Love the layers, and it keeps baby dry all night!!!
Swaddlers are great for your newborn. They have a stripe that indicates wetness and are wide enough for babies with bigger booties, unlike many other brands. They are very soft and the tabs stay in place without having any adhesive on them. We love Pampers!
pampers always really great and quality product for my baby's.
Excellent Pampers!!
Excellent Pampers!!
Excellent Pampers!!
I now have 2 children, an 8 yr old and now 6 month old. With my oldest I started using pampers and loved them. They fit him great and I didn't have to worry about leakage. I knew when I became pregnant again that I would use pampers with him. Pampers diapers and wipes are all I have stocked up by my changing table and in my diaper bag!
My son has a huge bladder and when we use other diapers he leaks during the night. Pampers seem to be the only ones that can hold everything in :)
When we had our baby we had a variety of different brands of diapers- the only one that had minimal to no leaking was Pampers! They are great!
Pampers are so soft and absorbent, we've never had a leak in 18 months!
Pampers Swaddlers are the only diapers my 6 month old daughter has ever worn. So happy they go up to size 5
The best disposable I have found yet!
I like the tabs the most, compared to other tabs. They are sticky enough to do the job without having to yank the tabs off!!
Though we primarily use the sensitive diapers, we ran out of disposables on a recent vacation and these were the only diapers that we'd use. Worked great, just like the sensitive, we just don't make a habit tour of using them on our son who has really sensitive skin.
We loved the Pampers swaddlers from the beginning! We started with the Size 1 and are now up to Size 2 with a box of Size 3s ready and waiting!
We love issuing swaddlers they are so soft and do a great job if keeping my baby dry. We are so glad they make them up to size 5! We wouldn't even waste our time or money on any other kind I of diaper.
Swear by swaddlers. Won't even try anything else!! Best protection. Never had a uh oh
I received pampers swaddlers for my baby shower on a recommendation from my sister who has twins and swore by them. She has me a believer now. My little girl is always dry thanks to the great absorbency. Thanks to the blue line indicator my husband and I don't question a wet diaper.
I love how these have the yellow lines that turn blue when they have peed. Very helpful for newborns !!
Love these diapers and especially the way they are made other diapers are cheap and rip when pulled from the side.
These diapers are great for my daughter with sensitive skins. Other brands have caused rashes and breakouts, but swaddler sensitive consistently work well for her!
I have used many brands and I always go back to pampers. They are super absorbent, they fit to my baby's bottom and they are affordable. I will never use another brand.
I love Pampers!! They absorb good, and doesn't have the urine smell as soon as they urinate. Also, I LOVE the wetness indicator! It makes things so much easier!!
Pampers swaddlers is thee absolute comfiest and has the best wetness protection amongst all the different diapers we have tried. We have tried Luvs, Huggies, store brands, etc.
Our dear son is 3 months old. He is our first child so we have tried every brand out there and have realized how much we love pampers swaddlers. They are soft, absorbent, fit perfectly around his little chubby thighs and keep him dry over night! We are hooked :)
Pampers Swaddlers are the best diapers. I used them for my first child, and wouldn't buy anything but Pampers this time around. They are simply the softest on baby's skin and have the best fit and most absorbent. I tried a few other diapers but nothing else comes close to the quality of Pampers. Though they are more expensive than other brands, there is value in knowing they will keep my little one protected the best.
These are my absolute favorite diaper. I have tried several other brands to experiment with but Pampers Swaddlers, in my opinion, is the BEST. I definitely love the wetness indicator and how soft the diaper is. My son doesn't get diaper rashes
Have had great success with these diapers. They don't leak and fit my baby great.
I have used swaddlers since my son was born. He is 9 months old now. I love these diapers. They are soft and don't get gross when he wets and moves around! I also love that they are mostly white so no cartoon characters to show through his clothes.
Pampers are the best brand of pampers compared to any other pampers on the market.
I have loved how these have fit all three of my children. I always love the soft feel of the diaper and the snug but not tight fit that prevents more accidents. I used them for the first six months on my first two kids and even longer with my third now that the extended sizes are available!!
I found that the Pampers swaddlers fit my twins much better than the other brands I tried and didn't leak.
By far the best in baby diapers out there. I have tried other brands and none compare.
I love pampers ,Swaddlers they are the only brand I buy.Nothing beats the comfort my baby has when he's moving around exploring everything around him. He stays so dry through the night that I think he actually sleeps better.
Overall I love all pampers products.They are best!
Love pampers swaddlers.. Great fit,very absorbent,no leaks,nice and soft
As a first time mom, I have tried several different diaper brands and styles. Swaddlers are definitely my most favorite. The biggest winning factor is the mesh liner that seems to pull the mess away from my baby's tush. I never find bead leaks and the absorbency is great. The only con is that it might be nicer if the back of the diaper incorporated an elastic band to fit tighter when my baby sits. Overall, swaddlers are my favorite diaper and I would recommend these to anyone who is starting out or needs something with better protection.
My son is an extremely heavy wetter and on nights I know he needs the extra protection, I use these diapers. It is nice to wake up in the morning and know I will not have to wash all of his bedding. Along with superior absorbancy, the fit of these diapers is unbeatable!
We tried another brand of diapers, but the Swaddlers were the best for our newborn boy. So soft, absorbent, and the indicator strip made it easy to know when he needed a change.
These fit my baby perfectly. He crawls around without them falling apart which had been a problem with other brands and seems to stay pretty dry.
Pampers diapers are the only diapers we use and trust. Any other brand we've tried so far (and we've tried several) leaves our little one's bum with a rash after just a full day or two of using them. We also notice that our little one will become smelly from using other brands, even just an hour after a bath. While the price may not pretty, I have to say it is worth it to keep my daughter clean and comfortable.
Pampers Swaddlers are amazing diapers! I have not had any issue with leaking out of the diaper with my son. It seems he is more comfortable in these diapers than Any other diaper. They are so soft and stretchy. My son is a very sweaty baby and these diapers are so light and thin they are perfect for him. Unlike other diapers that are thick and bulky.
We were given pampers Swaddlers, in various sizes, as our diaper cake at our shower by some very wise moms. I am so happy that we started off with the best - in 13 months, we have had one leak. One. Swaddlers are the best and I recommend them to all new moms. Now that our little one is walking, climbing, etc., I continue to be impressed with the fit and function. Also great on her delicate skin - she does not struggle with diaper rashes. Thanks, Pampers!
Pampers swaddlers, cruisers and easy ups are the only diapers I use on my children. They are super soft and absorbent!
I started using Pampers swaddler diapers almost six years ago for my first child & used them for my second & third children as well! I love how I can monitor my baby's wet diapers so easily. That's a huge plus for a very busy mother of kids close in age! I'm so excited now that Pampers has extended the sizes of the swaddlers series helping this busy mom be on top of her kids daily urine output. I look forward to using these & all pamper product for all my kids & grand kids! Thanks so much!
S.Z., a huge fan of Pampers products!
Pampers swaddlers are great diapers. They make my son feel comfortable.
Pampers swaddlers are the only diaper we use. The blue line wetness indicator is the primary reason why we use swaddlers. Their absorbency also seems to be the best of any diaper.
Been through all the different brands, Pampers has always proven to be the best! Great absorbency!
I love the pamper swaddler. They are nice and soft. The price is reasonable
Only diapers and wipes I buy! My son has not had any seep throughs like he does with other brands
We are a Pampers only household! When my little one was born we started with a leading brand of diapers and wipes. Almost immediately we noticed that they left her skin very irritated no matter how many times we changed her during the day. We decided to switch to Pampers and have been thrilled! No more irritation...just a happy little one!
As an eco-conscious, organic-living, health-conscious yoga mom, before my baby was born I ordered Huggies pure and natural diapers. They had organic cotton in them, and I thought that they would be the best. I was sorely mistaken. Every one of those Huggies leaked. And they were expensive! Meanwhile, at the hospital, we were given pamper swatters. I thought I wouldn't like them because they were "regular mass-produced "diapers. Instead, they fit like a dream, they are soft as anything, and my baby almost never gets diaper rash. In the Huggies, she always had diaper rash. My baby is small, and they fit especially well for that reason. However, they also have beautiful construction, and I think they would fit most babies quite nicely. I tried honest diapers, the Jessica Alba brand, and they were rougher, and fit wide. They also leaked. I am a devoted pampers buyer now!
The only diapers that don't leak through. The only diapers gentle enough for my daughter. The only diapers that don't make my little girl smell like urine so badly that you can smell her from the other room.
I'll never use anything, but Pampers again.
This is a great product an dorks great. It works really well and best of all no leaks.
Love these when my girls are in newborn and size 1, only diapers I use! Super soft and comfy for the little years.
Love the color changing stripe. I used these for my daughter and now will use for my son who is due in a month.
Pampers is definitely my diaper of choice. I love the wipes as well .
These are the best diapers. Longer stronger protection
I love to have pampers because it help me in Many ways .. Soft fit absovant and Marks show that diaper is wet without touching the baby
We used these with our first and there was no question about what we would use when it came to number two... Swaddlers are awesome for my little one. No diaper rash, useful line to indicate if diaper is wet and no leaking!
Swaddlers diapers were the best, specially when they have the line in the middle and you can see when your baby is wet that was the best experience ever. Also no rashes!
I love pampers and how they fit my little boy. It keeps him happy throughout the night and it doesn't wake him up. Also, I love the fact I don't have to open his diaper to see if he's wet. I can just check quickly without disturbing him.
Awesome have used pampers since my firstborn in 2006 and luv them
We use swaddlers on our little one that has extremely sensitive skin.
Awesome diapers and I would recommend to anyone!!!
I have purchased Swaddlers for my daughter from the time she was a newborn (she is now 18 months old). The color indicator was especially helpful when she was younger and needed to be changed more often. These diapers were very absorbent and well worth the extra money.
Love the Pampers swaddlers. Love the blue line indicating wetness. Love their absorbency. Overall Love em!
We love pampers! They fit great. They don't leak or have blow outs!
I only used swaddlers when my son was smaller. So happy to see that they now offer swaddlers in larger sizes! I really like the wet indicator! Well done, Pampers!
No leaks, absorbant, can't recommend enough!! Great product
We have tried other products, but nothing was as close in quality to Pampers. This is our favorite in our house!
I use Pampers Swaddlers for my son and I will use nothing else. They fit the best and he never leaks through. The line that let's you know he has peed is extremely nice! That way your not taking off his diaper too soon thinking its fuller than it is. He never had a reaction to the diaper and its just perfect!
I have tried multiple diaper brands and I have to say I was very impressed with pampers swaddlers. Swaddlers keeps my baby dry for longer periods of time and the absorbency is excellent.
Nothing but the best for my little one! Would never purchase anything different.
Great and useful diapers! Can improve on absorbency as the size increases.
We do not use anything else they are great! Love the swaddlers are now available through size 5, so soft!
These diapers are great, no leaks, fit good, and there is no urine smell in dirty diapers.
Best diapers! Only diapers I use for my daughter. I have never had a problem with these diapers.
I love the absorbency and quality of Pampers Swaddlers. These diapers are easy to put on our son with the straps that are easy to find when he is wiggling around.
So far I have no problems with Ashley sleeping through the night without needing to worry about her diaper leaking.
Pampers are great diapers. Another diaper fits my daughter best at first when switching up a size, but overall love Pampers.
I got these diapers rite from the start at the hospital so I decided to keep up with the same brand because I didn't want my little guy to get a rash, an I couldn't be more happier. And I also love the yellow strip on the diaper that turns blue when wet
The ONLY diaper I would use on my newborns! Love tha they now come in up to a size 5!
These were used in the hospital, and after i tried other brands... but i returned, they are the best fit for my little one.
This is the diaper that the hospital began putting on my newborn and they fit fabulous, love the notch for belly button!
I love this brand I didn't think there's was much of a difference in brands but I was wrong
I have used Pampers diapers since my son was born. They have worked out the best in every scenario. They are a little more expensive than other brands, but are of better quality. Swaddlers, in particular, for new parents are great. They have a wetness indicator that was of much help to me. Also, the diaper can absorb easily a night with him having drank 3 bottles. The diaper is heavy in the mornings but absorbed all of it.
We started using this product when our daughter was a newborn. She is now 18 months old and wears them at night. I am very impressed at how absorbent they are.
I will only use pampers products on my son. They are the absolute best when it comes to every aspect.
Love these never leaked and kept my little one rash free.
We have tried Luvs, Huggies and Pampers and are definitely Pamper lovers! My poor child had so many leaks in the Huggies and the Luvs don't fit him well! It is Pampers for this family!!
Swaddlers was the only way to go . Diaper changes just got a lot easier ! Pampers Swaddlers is a complete A plus !
Pampers Swaddlers diapers provide the softness and protection I want for my little one.
Pampers fit my baby very well, they absorb all the wetness, the value can't be beat, love the new and improved look and keeps my baby dry throughout the night
Hands down the best newborn diaper out there. No leaks or blowout yet.
I have a 3 yr old and a 5 week old. I have used all brands and especially with buggies, they leak around the legs! Pampers does not seem to have this problem... Of course there is the occasional "blow out" but it happens much less with pampers. The 3 yr old only wears diapers and night and sometimes those will leak. With the newborn the only recommendation I could make would be a little "pre fold" in the back to keep it from running out when legs are lifted.
Love Pampers! Love the little line that changes color on the small sizes to inform you of a dirty diaper.
My daughter was born premature and we started with Pampers Swaddlers. I love the softness of the material. It feels like I'm putting cloth diapers on my baby. I was so excited when I found out that I can keep her in them until she is out of diapers!!
Love swaddlers! Tried another brand for the night and went right back to pampers.
i like this for my new baby. they are perfect fit and high in quality.
Pampers Baby Dry/Swaddlers are the BEST diapers on the market! I will not buy any other brand!
These are the best diapers! Unfortunately, they are not affordable for daily use. If they were, I would use them regularly.
These diapers are great especially for newborns. You can make them a little tighter to fit your little one.
I love these pampers. They are awesome. Will use them for all my babies.
Great quality and absorbency best diapers out there for babies
I am a mother of four girls (ages 21-3) and I used Pampers for all four of them. Swaddlers are the best, softest diapers ever. There were a couple of times I did try other brands, but the absorbency was lacking and one of my girls got rashes in any diaper brands besides Pampers. After that happened, I never tried another brand. I have used Pampers for each of my daughter's over the last 21 years and I am definitely loyal to the brand and highly recommend them!
We only use pampers diapers! Great diaper and value!
They fit so well and so snug on my son. Never have had a problem.
We have 7 month old twin girls. Since the day they were born they have been in Pampers! The hospital had them in newborn swaddlers and they fit with no leaks even though they were only 4 and 5 pounds. They are now in size 2 and size 3 and we still love them! We have tried a few other brands with absolutely no luck-they all leak! I won't even waste my money any more on a package of a cheaper brand because I know I will only use one or two and then be left with the rest of the pack! We are a Pampers family all the way!
My daughter was born 7 weeks early and spent 9 days in the NICU. They used Pampers Swaddlers and we were sent home with what was left in her personal cabinet in the NICU. Since then we have tried other brands to see which we really like best, and we kept going back to Pampers! We think that Pampers is hands down, the best diaper out there! :)
I have used these diapers on my baby since we left the hospital. They have the best fit and have prevented leaking.
As a new mom I have been trying many different types of baby products. I have tried 4 brands of diapers and pampers have been the best. For some reason the other brands don't fit as well as the pampers. The blue line indicator saves me a lot of time.
Used pampers swaddlers for my son and now my twins. No more husband asking if they are wet, or wet enough to change. Very soft on baby, never had an issue with rashes, and my kids have very sensitive skin.
I love pampers but for some reason my son still manages to leak out of them in a matter of 3 hours at night.
My baby is always happy to crawl, waddle, climb, and dance in pampers comfortable and dry diapers
We have a 3 month old and were given swaddlers in the hospital and sensitive wipes so we continued to use these when we came home with our new little one. The swaddlers have been great for keeping everything locked in and not exploding outside of the diaper. I also really liked the fact that the sides were stretchy for our big boy, the fact that they stretched to allow him room to move around in the diaper and not experience chaffing or irritations was a plus!!
Love these diapers! They are SO absorbent. The umbilical cord notch was especially helpful for my daughter when she was a newborn.
We have used numerous brands of diapers with our daughter. Pampers is the only brand which has stood the test of time and kept us all happy!
great products , my kids like it and it fit perfect
I have always been very pleased with Pampers products. The Swaddlers are awesome because they have the wet line to know if the diaper is wet. Great product!!!
Pampers Swaddlers are the best diapers for newborns! I received many different brands at my baby shower and nothing compared to Pampers. I love that they are leak proof and visually let you know when they are wet. Perfect for new mommies and babies!
My daughter is allergic to everything else except for Pampers...we have found that Swaddlers is the absolute BEST out there! I would buy them over and over! No doubt!
I love these diapers! Went through several different ones before finding the right fit for my daughter. I was so happy when they started making them up to size 5
Get what you pay for. diaper is very reliable but it is very pric y the quality is always consistent
We were given a box of Huggies when my son was born. Being a new mother I was open to trying out different brands. My son developed the worst diaper rash! We never let him sit in wet/dirty diapers and always lathered on diaper creme. As soon as we switched to Pampers diapers, we have not had one instance of diaper rash. We love Pampers diapers and I recommend them to my expecting girlfriends.
Would definitely recommend Pampers. They are great!
As a new mom I wanted to make sure I had good diapers for my child. I tried many , either they leaked , stuffing came out or just plane horrible, I was given a small package of the swaddlers for the baby show and finally tried them last because of the size, and let me just say they were amazing they fit her the best I love the indicator and I have not used any other brand after that. Thank you pampers :)
Great fit. Gentle on babies sensitive skin. Absorbs well.
Pampers is my preferred brand of diapers. They are the softest diaper around.
I was so unsure as to which diaper to try when I had my first child. There are so many choices out there and it was completely overwhelming. I decided on Pampers Swaddlers because I loved the cut out for the umbilical cord and the blue line that told me when she was wet. It took a lot of the guessing out of when she needed to be changed (whew!) They are extremely soft and she never had a rash with these. The price is amazing and we wouldn't use anything else!
We have a 4 week old baby and love swaddlers! Definitely worth the price! Much better quality than cheaper brands! Highly recommend them!
We tried another brand and my son hated them. Pampers all the way!
I'm buying pampers products from the start. And every time I satisfied with this products. Would recommend to everybody
There is a reason this is the brand hospitals use. This is the only diaper that will not give my lo diaper rash.
Since my daughter was born Pampers has always been my go to diaper brand. They have never leaked and fitted just right. I loved the Pampers swaddlers kind. So soft and comfortably fit her. I did not have to worry about rashes one bit. I would buy these again if/when I have another child. I rate these as an excellent brand!
I reviewed and reviewed every possible baby product I would ever need and every site recommended pampers diapers and wipes! In the months that my son was born I had only used one other brand and my son peed right through them!! I haven't ever had a problem with my son!
We were pleased with the quality of this product. We are first time parents, so we have been trying different brands. Pampers is who most of our friends recommend.
I have tried several diapers, both brand name and store brand, but Pampers Swaddlers are the best hands down!! Great diaper for the price!
These diapers are wonderful, they fit well and besides the occasional number 2 leak I would highly reccoment these over other diaper brands
I tried many diaper brands before sticking onto swaddlers, but this is the best diapers I can ever put on my child. Completely satisfied with the product.
I use pampers baby dry on my 8 month old and they even hold thru the night. With other diapers I have had to buy special night diapers for 12hr protection but not with pampers! Love them
Great diapers. Tried several other brands and none compare.
We've been using Pampers since day 1. Dry, seemingly comfortable, and a great price. Highly recommended.
Pampers offers great coverage and protection. My son pees often and in abundance - pampers absorbs better than any other brand & he has remained free of diaper rash
Why pampers? These are just my observations compared to other brands....
1) no blowouts
2) soft feel
3) diaper stays put with good fit around legs
4) wetness indicator makes it a no brainer to see if diaper is wet
5) layer closest to skin helps trap solids in middle layer so not as much is in contact with baby's skin
6) cloth feel and no plastic layer helps prevent overheating
7) diapers are thin but absorbent. Can pack a lot of diapers in diaper bag since they are not as bulky as other brands.
Wonderful product! Received plenty of these for my baby shower and continued to buy more of this product when we ran out!
I love the fit of these and they are great to help clear up a persistent diaper rash. They are very soft too!
Love this diaper. I never got a leak. Definitely my first choice when it comes to diapers.
This is a great product and works wonderful with an active child. Love pampers products
These diapers are best for kids skin.we can leave the diaper hole night without worry.
These fit great and keep my little one dry! I would recommend these highly
I love pampers swaddlers for my little girl. They fit great and keep her dry. Compared so some other diapers I have had very little trouble with them ever leaking. They help reduce diaper rash compared to others I've tried as well. Excellent diapers I use them on my first and second and I will continue using them on my other kids as well
I started using pampers swadlers with my forst born son and l LOVE them. Thanks PAMPERS!
I tried Huggies with my newborn but they didn't even compare to pampers. I won't use any other type of diaper!
great quality, would definitely recommend this product to a friend
Good fit. Love the wetness indicator. Fun look with the characters.
When we first bought this product for our son and he loved it.he is a diaper picky and pamper diaper is only diaper that he likes to wear and feel comfortable without feeling discomfort when he learned how to crawl and walk.
Pampers has the best fit and keep baby dry (and happy) so that mom stays happy! Love pampers!
I'm a mom of two and we've always used pampers swaddlers! Worked great on my kids extra sensitive skin. Would highly recommend
Love them over other brands. Tried other brands and went back to Pampers!
Swaddlers keep baby dry and comfortable; best part of all.. it lets mama and daddy know how dry/wet baby is with the blue line!
These diapers are nice and soft but still do a great job keeping little one dry. Dad loved the blue stip that's changes color when the diaper is wet. This was especially helpful when we first brought our daughter home and we were just figuring things out.
My favorite brand! Extremely dry and very soft material.
I love pampers Swaddlers especially because the pamper itself smells like baby powder. N to me they look more comfortable for the baby bottom.
Pampers swaddlers diapers are great! They are really absorbent and my favorite thing about them is the wetness indicator line! I highly recommend Pampers Swaddlers!
I love pampers cruisers. The only problem is that I feel that my baby's bottom comes out the side very easily. Especially when I can't get the wriggly worm to stop moving for a diaper change
Great fitting blanket soft diapers. Great for sensitive skin. My baby has very sensitive skin and even our pediatricians recommended Pampers for her.Very rarely would these diapers leak.
I have 4 children and all have used Pampers, We LOVE them. As I always tell friends and family whom ask what kind of diapers I prefer I have a little saying P is for prefer Pamper, h is for hate huggies l is for leaky luvs! Pampers have surpassed everything a mom loves absorbancy no break outs or allergic reactions, and more!
We have used Pampers Swaddlers for both of my little girls from birth to about six months, when we transition to Baby Dry. These are the best little baby diapers on the market. I always buy a pack to go along with any baby shower gift I give as well.
This is an absolutely great product. I would recommend it to all my friends!!
Softest diaper out there. Love the umbilical cord cut out and the wetness indicator. Key with newborn!
I've been using pampers swaddlers since my son came home from the hospital even when the diaper is full his skin stayed dry all the time, also he never had a diaper rash. I recommend this diaper to all my family and friends.
I had my first baby in March. With all babies being different I wanted to try several diapers to see if my little man was allergic to any certain brand of diapers. I tried several and found that Pampers Swaddlers was the best fit for my baby. The value of the diapers and quality are unbeatable.
great quality realy it is good iam satisfied euth this but it is expensive as usual it id not good
I tried other brands and had major leaks. Pampers is the only diaper I will use.
Baby loves it from day 1
Never had a leak at night
We love the fact of knowing when our baby is wet immediately.
I like these wipes because they have fewer ingredients than most other brands which contain a lot of skin irritants. My little girl is always gets clean without any fussing or unhappy reaction to the wipes. Gentle and tushy worthy:)
I love that these diapers have a wetness indicator which makes it easier for me to see if she's wet just by looking, which saves me time (which new moms have so little of). Also, they are a great fit and the umbilical cord notch out is great for newborns!! My little one loves them so much that each time I change her, she has to mess her clean diaper up, just so she can get another new one ;)
Best diapers ever! My son has been using them since newborn and since they have the unbiblical cord notch it's just perfect!
I absolutely love swaddlers! All I have ever used on my daughter and will continue to use until she grows out of them. I love that she has never had a leak while wearing them especially through the night since she can last a where between 10-12 hours. Highly recommend to anyone looking for a good, high quality diaper for your baby's bottom.
I love the swaddlers. They keep my baby girl dry. I like the blue line indicator also.
Non-irritating and soft- love these! Strong, durable and no fragrance. These are the best wipes out there!
Great diapers, nice and soft, but every once in a while , they leak at night
These are the only diapers I would ever use for any of children. Great quality and price.
When I had my first child in 2004, I tried every brand, but no brand fit my child the best like Pampers Swaddlers. Due to life's difficulties, I didn't have another child until eight years later, and by then, I knew, that my newest child would be a "Pampers" baby. It is one of those things that is a given, and any child after will always be a Pampers baby. Their ability to keep my children dry, along with their thinness, help my kids stay active and adventurous! THAT is something, every Mom appreciates. For all the Moms of adventurers, runners, dancers, and explorers, Pampers is #1!!
Pampers is one of the few diapers that actually fit properly on my little one. I've had minimal to almost no leaky diapers and they keep her dry through the night. The price range for Pampers is also affordable.
Swaddlers Pampers are my go to for my babies. I have been using them for each of my children. They keep my baby's skin/bottom dry and I have NEVER had any rash issues with either of my children. Also, I love that Pampers allows you to earn points to use at a later time to get something special for your child or even memorable items, such as shutterfly photo books.
these diapers r so good to use fits well and no night messes
I've always used pampers diapers for both my daughters, and have tried other brands, but nothing else compares to pampers!
Swaddlers are my favorite Pampers. They are so soft and very absorbent!! I have used them with both of my little boys and we don't have any problems with leakage.
We love these diapers and all of the pampers products!!
Our daughter was in the NICU for three months. We relied heavily in making sure the diapers were gentle on her sensitive skin and keeping her dry. We have three daughters and after trying other name-brand and off-brand diapers we consistently come back to Pampers!
Pampers swaddlers are the best diapers on the market. They are soft like cloth, and do not sound crunchy under baby's clothing. They absorb well and I have not had any leaks!
Pamapers Swaddlers are the best diaper that I have used. Our family is on a budget so we tried to buy store brands and found that the price could not compare to the quality. Our son stayed dry and comfortable. the mesh netting inside really made the difference. even on unexpectedly long car trips, Watson was comfortable and did not become irritatable. The soft outside gave a natural feeling that was close to real underwear. Thank you. The only drawback was that Swaddlers only go to size 5.
With all the diaper I have to change having twins, pampers swaddlers have been a lifesaver!
Used Swaddlers with my first baby girl they never leaked! Silly me I tried store brands that were a little cheaper and everyone of them leaked! Now I use Pampers Swaddlers with my second baby girl and will never waste my money on another brand! Thank you for the piece of mind! The one thing I never have to worry about is my diapers!
Swaddlers are the only diapers that did not make my newborn break into diaper rash (even though we changed his diaper frequently). We will definitely use these for our 2nd child due in 3 weeks!
Always a great product!!!!!! Best in it's class!!!
I have been using the Pampers Swaddlers on my son since I brought him home from the hospital. I have never had an issue with the diapers not fitting, and he is very comfortable in them. The fit around the legs is great and keeps everything in, even when he sleeps for 10-11 hours overnight.
Really liked these when we got them for baby shower gifts as well as two big boxes from the hospital when my baby was born. Hadn't decided what brand to buy yet, but this made up my mind!
The newborn size were perfect for my little one. Around 4 weeks we moved into size 1
this are perfect diapers i have ever used my baby is really happy and over night i don't worry about waking up and changing the diaper to my baby because with pampers you don't have to worry about wet diapers i love the dryness of pampers swaddlers.
These were the diapers the hospital used and we continued to use when we came home. No problems with them at all!
I have used Swaddlers for both of my boys during their first year of life (a 2 year old and 10 month old). They are worth the price you pay. Super soft, great absorbency, no rashes, overall they are great quality!
I've used these diapers with my daughter and my son. I have yet to have a wet bed when we all wake up in the morning.
Pampers Swaddlers are soft, comfortable, and fit great!! We are first time parents, so the wetness indicator was a big help in the beginning. My daughter wears her diaper through the night over 8hrs. sometimes and they keep her dry. These diapers are amazing!! Pampers Swaddlers truly are our Favorite Brand of Diaper. We have tried many other brands and were never happy with those. We recommend them all the time to all our friends and family.
I have used Swaddlers since my son was born. I tried Huggies briefly because I was given some at baby shower. I was not impressed. The Swaddlers just fit better and absorbed better. I will stick with Pampers until diapers aren't needed anymore.
I love these diapers! They are soft and very absorbent. When your baby is small, the wetness indicator is vital. I tried other types of diapers and had trouble using their wetness indicator. Some brands leaked regularly and others gave my child a rash. We used them with our first child through size 3. When preparing for our second child, we didn't knew exactly what we would be buying.
Great product, no irritations on daughter with sensitive skin
I love pampers I have tried other brands but I wasn't happy
I have 5 kids now and pampers swaddlers are my favorite diaper. Especially for the first few month! They are soft and they seem comfortable for baby. A lot of other brands and fit have so much extra material to do the job it just seem bulky and like it would be uncomfortable.
I've been using pampers swaddlers since my 10 year old was a baby, I have 3 children and they all have used pampers brand. I love the product so much I recommend to anyone and when I buy pampers got a gift pampers swaddlers are my choice. I love the way they smell and feel.
I love pampers diapers, wish they had more better prizes for the pampers rewards. I like that I could get her a toy to play with, with the points I accumulate. But they changed 99% of their prizes to just magazines etc which isn't cool. Please change them back to the cool toys! Thank you!

A Happy Customer :)
Very pleased with the Pamper's brand and products. I will be purchasing Pamper's diapers for all of my children.
All my friends recommended pampers to me when I was pregnant and now I know why it's the best diaper out there! It has the best fit and keeps my little girl dry and leak free! I tired other brands out there and the fit was smaller and she would end up leaking out the side. Couldn't be happier with any other diaper.
Being a new mom having the wetness indicator really help. I would reckoned these to everyone.
Best diapers out there. Will definitely keep using them for every child we have.
We love Pampers Swaddlers! They fit our son perfectly and the wetness indicator makes it easy to know when it's time to change diapers. Pampers is a life saver! Diapers pull wetness away from baby's skin to prevent diaper rash.
I used several diaper brands with my first baby. But she was most comfortable in pampers sensitive swaddlers. So with my second baby there was no question of buying any other brand.
This is the only product I recommend! I am so glad the range has been raised on the sizes!
These are my favorite diapers for my little girl. They're not too bulky and they're gentle on her sensitive skin.
We tried multiple types of disposable diapers and Pampers were the only ones that didn't irritate our kiddos and also never leaked.
We got samples of the swaddlers in the hospital when our daughter was born and we've been using them since. Great diapers.
I like pampers. It's the brand they used in the hospital and I originally bought Huggies for my son but he had with them an he's never had any issues with pampers!
Since my daughter was born we have been using Pampers Swaddlers, she is now 2. They are very absorbent and love the moisture indicator. At one point I tried another brand but found the quality was poor and not as absorbent. They tend to run smaller but I have never had any issues with any allergic reactions or rashes. We love Pampers Swaddlers!!!
I love these diapers, it's all I buy for my lil one and recommend them to all my mommy friends. Best diapers by far!
Pampers Swaddlers are the best fit and the best quality for your money. Highly recommend!
We have tried Pampers and other brands of diapers and wipes. I can say that Pampers is always the brand of choice due to the great prices, products and dependability for us. Cheaper is not always better.
I absolutely love pampers swaddlers. They are true to size and I love the blue line to indicate the baby needs to be changed =) I' so happy my friends gave me pampers swaddlers for the baby shower or else I would have never purchased them. Now I am hooked and I will purchase them for all my friends baby showers as well. Thank you Pampers!
Love pampers swaddlers! The absorbency is the best! We tried huggies and pampers baby dry and I will only buy swaddlers from now on! Keeps my baby dry and smelling fresh! Just wish they weren't so expensive!
This diaper is just another great product from pampers! I use Baby Dry as well as cruisers and both do a fantastic job!
Having tried the samples from the hospital, we found that Pampers are the best and offer the most protection.
As a new mom, I was unsure what kind of diapers to buy, but had heard great things about Pampers Swaddlers. They definitely exceeded my expectations!
My little bundle of joy is very active and his pamper cruisers always keep him comfy and dry. I love how they absorb so well. I would definitely recommend pamper products to all mothers.
Pampers are amazing for my little girl. The swaddlers are so secure and keep her dry all through the night. I have never had to wake up with a wet crib because it didn't hold her and she is 6 months already.
All three of my little ones have worn Pampers Swaddlers! These are the best diaper on the market! I tried other brands & my kids always broke out in diaper rash. I would switch back to these & the rash would be gone within a day! They are soft & wonderful!!
Pampers newborn swaddlers fit my baby perfectly, and keep him comfortable even when wet.
I've tried the Huggies before and they were awful. Crystals all over my baby's behind from a wet diaper - and I change them often! The Swaddlers seem to pull all the moisture away from the baby. Love them!
Great diapers they absorb nicely and are very soft.
I use pampers natural clean on my four month old infant. I only need one wipe when he urinates and three wipes with he makes a Big mess! Unlike some wipes that are thin and dried out..... The diapers are amazing, you don't have to feel diaper to see if he's wet. Just take a peek. I will recommend this product to anyone that's looking for the best brand and quality for their child.
I have tried other diapers, but they always leak , especially during the night.
If you want you and your baby to sleep through the night, then pampers are a must!
These diapers are perfect for a newborn baby. You can tell every time the diaper is wet and they hold a lot! Wouldn't use any other diaper for a newborn.
Out of all the brand of diapers pampers is my favorite. Been using them sense she was born and now is a year old. The thing I love the most is how the yellow line turns blue, helps instead of wasting a clean diaper.
I love the way it doesn't clump up. They are super absorbent.
Excellent product and my baby is more comfortable with these diapers.
These diapers are the best! I am so happy they make them in bigger sizes! So soft & comfortable!
I only buy Pampers modelers because they are the most comfortable and they are the best!
Fit snug to prevent leaks, great overnight absorbency
Always a great product, and is the best in its class!
I tried using another brand I didn't make it past a week and switched back to pampers! They have the best fit and keeps baby dryer than any other diaper I've tried for my little one!
I like Pampers regardless of the type (swaddles, cruisers, etc.). They fit well and are comfortable for my very active little guy. Most importantly, these diapers don't leak!
These are by far the best diapers for my little man!!!
the only reason i gave 4 stars on the value is because when i buy a value box of baby dry i can get almost 30 more diapers for the same price.
I love pampers. I prefer them over any other diaper any day. I already recommend Pampers to all my friends. Pampers fit better, very few leaks that happen when I happened to put the diaper on wrong or it was on too long, better quality, more affordable price. I love Pampers they are the only diapers I buy.
Love these diapers! We used them when my daughter was a newborn. As a new mom I liked the fact that there is a wetness indicator on them. They are super soft as well.
This is a great product. I've tried the other diapers which included other pampers products as well as other brands. These are by far the best for my active nine month old son.
love pampers swaddlers they are very soft and they adapt to any body shape, absorb well yet not bulky, great quality i highly recommend them.
When my daughter was born 19 months ago I choose Pamper Swaddlers because of the blue line indicator. As a first time mom, I wanted to do everything right. I wont by any other diaper. The protection is amazing. I never have to worry about leaks or "accidents". We are definitely a Pamper family
Swaddlers are by far my favorite diaper for my 6 month old. The absorbency and quality can't be beat!
I love pamper swaddlers for my dad. Best diapers on the market. Great price for the product.
Pampers were the only diapers that didn't leak on my children. They are soft, comfortable and perfect for all sizes.
These are great diapers, they never leak and hold up great.
I was given Pampers diapers at the hospital so they were the first ones that my baby used. However, at my baby shower, everyone that gave me diapers gave me Huggies. After using Pampers and then moving to the Huggies that I was given, I absolutely love Pampers better. They fit so much better, the absorb better and seem so much more comfortable for my baby.
Loved how durable these were! And was thankful for the wetness indicator that helped when my daughter was newborn- when she only pees a teaspoon you can not really tell when she has peed or not and i didn't want her to sit in it- so even when she hadn't visibly peed i would change every 1.5 hrs sometimes more often. the color indicator definitely helps a paranoid new mother. lol
My baby is one month With pampers she never crys for a wet or dirty diaper papers are by far the best diapers any other diapers we tried she didn't like
I really like pampers products. Would tell my friends about pampers products .
These were very helpful especially as a new mom. I loved the wetness indicator. They also kept the baby very dry which was nice and I didn't have to worry about a diaper rash, which my baby has never had one yet. Also, the umbilical cord notches were great for those first few weeks. I didn't have to worry about the baby being uncomfortable or the belly button getting irritated.
This is the only diaper that does not leak EVER on my son
We have an 11 month old daughter and have tried every major brand of diapers and some store brands as well. The only diapers that we are satisfied with are Pampers Swaddlers. They fit the best, do not leak, and provide a lot of absorbency. The color changing stripe is an added bonus for late night changes.
Definitely my #1 choice for both my kids when they were newborns. I love the soft feel of this diaper and the way they fit my kids perfectly. I did not experience any leaks as with other brands. The best quality for newborns.
These are the softest diapers and fit my baby excellently.
We have used swaddlers on my son since he was born. They are very soft and help to keep him dry. They offer mich more protection than many other brands we tried. I wouldn't choose anything else for him and will use them on any future children.
Diapers fit well with a lot of baby movement. Easy to put on and always have the perfect size for my baby!
After trying other brands ... I now use Pampers only!
Super soft and absorbant. Best brand for my babies extra sensitive skin. Love the wetness indicator strip and cord notch.
I honestly love the swaddle r's they r my favorite
I've used pampers on my baby from birth, she is now 4 months old, and we have never had a leak! The diapers are very durable and hold a good amount of baby waste. Would highly recommend.
Always been a fan of Pampers Swaddlers, our first kid is all done with the diapers and the new baby loves the comfort the brand provides and the new designs as they grow older.
keeps baby dry and comfortable as only pampers can!
They are great diapers and wipes don't even compare to any other diaper... Love hypoallergenic diapers and swaddlers
Pampers swaddled are the best diapers for babies! They fit great and absorb everything. The wet line indicator makes it easy to know when to change.
Pampers Swaddlers is the best choice ! It really fits perfect and the absorbency is unbelievable !
These are hands down my favorite diaper. I love the softness of them and the absorbancy is wonderful.
I don't have to worry through the night about leaks.
These were the diapers we bought with our first son and took all the non-Pamper diapers back to buy these for our new one
The Pampers Swaddlers are my favorite diaper to use because they are so soft and fit well.
I love pampers brand diapers! I bought the swaddlers all the time with my first child and now with number two arriving I will be making the same decision. A lot of friends switch to cheaper brands but I want to be assured my child will be comfortable and dry.
These are literally the best diapers that I've used for my son. They are super absorbing and he has never gone through when he sleeps in them. I am currently planning on using them with my soon to be newborn!
Pampers Baby Dry keeps my child well protected at night. With my oldest child I also used Pampers.
I especially LOVE the Pampers Swaddlers, and I realy appreciate the fact that they now come in a size 5!
I have a chunky monkey on my hands & the Swaddlers just seem to keep up better than any other brand out there!
The wetness indicator is awesome! I wish pampers would do this on all sizes .
I love pamper I use it with my frist born he 9 now and now I have a baby girl that lovr it
My baby is almost 11 months now & I love pampers. They keep my baby bottom dry throughout the night!
I have used these for my son since the day he was born they are wonderful and since he has very sensitive skin pampers swaddlers are great for him just wish they were in a size 6 as well
Wish it had a belly button hole cut out in the newborn size. Great soft diaper!
Pampers swaddlers are the best diaper. I was so exited when pampers started making them in larger sizes.
My DD has been in swaddlers since she was born - the hospital used them. I can't believe how convenient they have been - I don't have to feel for the wetness - I can see it. I've loved them overall and am glad that we have used them. I definitely would recommend them to any mother.
I started out using Huggies on my DD but had so many leaks. I switched to Pampers and haven't had any problems since.
All of my children were born teeny tiny. I needed a nice soft diaper that didn't rub against their little legs and feel like plastic. I love swaddlers!! They are so soft. I especially liked the yellow line that was added to the newborn diapers. This helped me a lot when my little man came along. Thanks Pampers!!!
I have been a faithful Pampers product consumer since having my first son in 2010. Three boys later, I am still loving the Pampers products. Swaddlers are perfect for the babies until they get moving, then we switch into Cruisers. Easy Ups are awesome at night time for toddlers. The Sensitive Wipes are my favorite out of all brands that we have tried - and we have many uses for them, more then just diaper clean up!
These are by far the best diapers I've used. My little one stays asleep longer wearing pampers swaddlers than any other brand. I love the comfort they give my baby and the quality. I would definitely recommend these to everyone!
The fit and absorbency are great for the extra protection diapers! We use them for bedtime and on long car rides!
I love these diapers! These are the only diapers my babies wear at night! They keep them dry all night long!
After trying many diapers and many brands I have grown attatched to Pampers Swaddlers. I love so many things about these diapers one being the fit and absorbency. With other diapers I found that my little one was waking up wet in the middle of the night and when he wears these I never have to worry about those late night changes and he sleeps soundly through the night. I also love how soft they are and the baby fresh scent!
This is great product and very soft. It works very well with my baby's sensitive skin. I love it so much that keep on buying the same type for 8 months.
We have used Pampers for our son Jaxon and he has never had a accident or "blow out". We have recommend the product to my sister Inlaw that is now pregnante and she has already registered for them.
Pampers are the only products we have ever purchased, for both of our children.
Expensive but unless its a super blow out then its stay in the diaper.
I really love the swaddles.
I think they keep my daughter dry the best.
And they fit very well.
Pampers Swaddlers Diapers are the best! The Absorb Away Liner keeps my baby's mess away from his skin and helps keep diaper rash at bay
We have been using pampers ever since our little one was born. They are so much better than other brands we have tried and will only buy pampers from here on out!
More expensive than some other diapers but well worth the money.
Pampers Swaddlers are so soft and do not irritate my baby's skin. They absorb more liquid than other brands and I will continue to use these as long as my son is in diapers now that Swaddlers are available in bigger sizes.
Next to cloth, these are the best! I love being able to see when my daughter is wet and know that I need to change her without guessing.
Unless I was rushing and did not put on my daughters diaper correctly or fully secured I have never experienced a leak from the side or just from being too full. Even with the baby dry, I had leakage but not with the swaddlers. The extra lining on the side holds everything that's in..well in and keeps my baby dry, even overnight!
Best diaper I have ever used. I have 3 kids and tried just about every diaper type with my oldest. Nothing absorbed quite like swaddlers. When my twins were born, swaddlers were what we've used since. My son grows fast, but thankfully since the diapers are so roomy and stretchy, he's not blowing through sizes as fast. I've never been happier with a diaper type. No other Pampers fit my babies perfectly like these do. Good job Pampers
Love the way these fit. No leaks and kept my baby dry.
Pampers swaddlers are the best diapers available. I have tried other brands on my child and these diapers keep my baby dry and rarely leak.
When my son was born I had the Pampers swaddlers and I also received a box of huggies as a gift. I was not pleased with the huggies they did not fit right and seemed to leak at night. I have had very good luck with Pampers swaddlers and will continue to purchase them. A little more $$ but to know they do not leak it is well worth the cost.
I absolutely love these diapers. My daughter hardly ever wakes up in the middle of the night due to a wet diaper. The Pamper Swaddlers keep my baby's bum nice and dry and til this day my 9 month old baby has not gotten a diaper rash. The indicator line is also one of my favorite things about this diaper. You can take a quick peek to see if your baby needs a change with no fussing and doing acrobatic flips. The fit on this diaper is perfect on my baby it curves perfectly around her little legs and bum. Its snug enough to keep the mess in place and not up her back and around the corner. .overall i love this diaper and will continue to use them.
Pampers Swaddlers is so great they fit my baby girl so well its amazing. I can just tell that she is comfortable in them and I love how there is a line that tells me when her diaper is dirty it makes life so much easier.
We have tried many different brands of diapers. Pampers are always the winner. Our little girl was put in pampers by the hopsital when she was first born, and after trying out a few different other brands that we were given during our baby shower, we definitely understand why its what our hospital trusts. Very few times do we have leakage. Even over night, we dont seem to have issues. Sometimes our little one will sleep for 9 hours straight and we still wake up to clean bed sheets.
Fit and absorbency are great! These did great with both our daughter and our son. Great product for the money!
Pampers swaddled are the best diapers available! We have tried lives and buggies but our daughter leaks right through them. Swaddled are even better than regular pampers.
We have used pampers swaddlers with both of our babies. After them we use cruisers! I am very excited that swaddlers now come in size 3. My 5 month old is almost into size 3 and I can keep him in swaddlers just a little longer!!!
I love the color changing wetness indicator of Pampers Swaddlers. The only problem I have had is that the diaper should fit up higher on babies bottom because they tend to leak out of the back side up babies back.
They fit my newborn very well and the absorbancy is wonderful! I never have to worry about it leaking.
These are the best fitting diapers!! I love them and recommend them highly!!
I believe pampers are great diapers. They are what my family use every day. I wouldn't turn any where else. I am a happy Mom!
Got Pampers Swaddlers Size-N for my newborn baby. Got good count for the amount I spent.However i feel the size is way too small.I should have started with size 1.
Pampers swaddlers are very absorbent but they get heavy when filled. They don't leak though which is good. Well they start to leak when your child starts to grow our if them but I think all diapers do that.
I love the wetness indicator. No more wasting diapers! I never thought of using any other diapers than pampers swaddlers!
Great diapers worth every penny. Would never use anything else.
I would recommend pampers products to anyone. I am very pleased with the quality and comfort of the swaddlers for my baby. She stays dry throughout the day and all night. Great product.
I got lots of advice on diaper brands while I was pregnant with my little man. The opinions of my friends and family ranged from basic store brands to advocating for cloth diapers only. I tried several different types and brands, but kept coming back to Pampers Swaddlers. We had received several boxes at baby showers in varying sizes and I am glad we did because they are the only ones out of everything I tried that contained the mess that comes with a breastfed baby. The occasional blow-out is inevitable with an infant and comes with the parent territory, but Pampers Swaddlers is the only diaper that works nearly every time and has a decent fit to boot. Don't plan to change until my son outgrows the swaddlers, but we plan to stick with Pampers until he is potty-trained.
Pampers are the number one brand in our house never had any leaking like we did with other brands.
Pampers cruisers are the only diapers tha have kept my kids leak free and dry.
My son is now 6 months old and has been in Pampers Swaddlers since he was born. He started using them in the NICU and we so far have had no issues with leaking, diaper rash, etc. We were given a box of another brand as a gift and as soon as they were gone, we switched right back to the swaddlers!
We love these diapers. We have tried several other types, but these are the only ones with a reliable wetness indicator. I love how my baby fits in them and how they come in different sizes. I will be putting my daughter in these for as long as I can because they are the best!
I have been use this product since my baby born. I love it.
Love swaddlers! I have used for both of my children
Great for newborns! The changing line makes it great for new fathers.
We used Pampers Swaddlers on our son when he was first born to about 4 months old. They worked great and didn't seem to leak like the Huggies brand we had first tried. I wouldn't use anything else. Now my son is almost two and using the Cruisers during the day and the Soft and Dry Pampers at night. They both work well on him.
I love the diapers for my baby. They don't irritate her skin and are the only diapers that have worked on her. I love how they hug her skin and fit snuggly.
Pampers diapers have the best fit and remain dry! Other diapers leak but not Pampers swaddlers.
Love the diaper. The tabs are big enough to get a good fit. Never comes undone. She has never woke up with a diaper that's leaking unless of course she does one of those number two's no diaper stands a chance. She has used them for 9 months. Wouldn't buy any other
Pampers keep baby dry and still maintain softness for max comfort.
for a newborn ... this is the only diaper to buy. everything else leaks or doesnt stay tight...

Don't waste your time shopping around -buy these - the two dollars you might save anywhere isn't worth the time it take to clean and an unhappy baby ...
Pampers diapers are the best diapers Around! They fit well and are super absorbent.
This is the best diaper I have ever used and I have 4 kids so I have tried a lot of different brands. They are very absorbent and has never leaked.
love these over any other brand, i've NEVER had a "blow out" in these like i have had in other brand diapers that were given to me at my baby shower and i love the fresh scent the diapers have that make baby smell nice even when they become soiled. all of my future purchases will be pampers even if it's for a friend's baby shower!
I have tried several different brands of diapers, and Pampers are the only ones that I will buy ever again. Fit, absorbancy, cuteness, and quality are all great. Love the umbilical indentation, as my baby still has an outie.. Also, she wakes up in the morning and I swear her diaper weighs 10 lbs.- but never leaks through w Pampers! :)
Pampers Swaddlers diapers are amazing! The wetness indicator strip is a very handy and useful quality. And the absorbency is great also, especially when your baby starts sleeping all night.
I love Pampers Swaddlers! We have used them since our son was born and love their fit and absorbency! Would highly recommend!
The swaddlers diapers are the most amazing diapers I've used on my baby so far. I had tried other brands and it just doesn't hold up on their claim of absorbency. I NEVER had a leak with pampers and i love the soft cotton quality.
I love swaddlers for when the babies are small but they are pricy.
Swaddlers have been perfect for us! We've had minimal blowouts and we haven't had a need to switch to nighttime versions!
I love Pampers! Actually, my baby boy and baby girl do. I have tried to use other brands just because price, but I have proved myself there is nothing better than Pampers. Plus: Cute design with Sesame Street characters.... LOVE IT!!!
My daughter drinks milk and water all day, and she wakes up dry!
Started using these because the hospital did, but we realized that was because they were the best! We love the color changing indicator, it saves a lot of guess work. No leaks yet and were into 5/6 for the oldest and 2/3 for the youngest.
Love the yellow line for newborns! The quality is great
When our son was born I had a bunch of diapers from gifts we had received. They were all different brands. We found that the only one that fit him perfectly with no leaks was pampers swaddlers. I highly recommend them to everyone and we will defiantly not use any other kind or brand!
Pampers is the best brand to keep your baby dry and comfortable. 10 years ago I used pampers for my daughter and now, again I am using Pampers for my 4 month old son. He has started sleeping longer stretches at night and is not bothered by his heavily soiled diaper after 4 hrs. I would recommend this product to all moms and dads. They don't leak , fit great, and most of all baby is happy so we are happy.
We only use Pampers products for the diapering needs of our four month old. He has been diaper rash free his entire life! We will continue using the swaddlers and baby dry diapers.
I have tried other products, but pampers swaddlers are by for the best diapers I have ever used for my son!!
I typically by swaddlers but I love all pampers products. Pampers is the only thing my little boy has ever worn.
Pampers just fit my son best and seem comfy and very dry for him.
I have tried other diapers on the market because Pampers are a little pricier. However, I come back to Pampers every time. There are no other diapers on the market that fit my babies as well as Pampers do. My twin boys stay happy through the entire night in Pampers swaddlers. The yellow-to-blue line is so helpful in determining the babies' wetness as well. I will buy Pampers swaddlers until my boys are potty trained!
I would recommend any pampers products. Everyone has an opinion on what they like better as far as wipes and diapers. I had friends tell me they like pampers diapers better and huggies wipes better. So being that this was my first child I took their advice to an extent. I did register for nothing but pampers diapers and wipes but recieved huggies wipes and diapers at my shower. So I did try a pack of huggies diapers and wipes. My baby hated huggies diapers, he could tell right away when he was wet and he would tinkle out of them. I didn't open any more diapers and exchanged them for pampers. The wipes I just used until there wasn't anymore but I found that they tore easy, so I stuck with pampers wipes as well. Everyone has a specific product they like but I am very satisfied with pampers products. Also, I like the rewards point system they have only if
I can remember to enter them in.
my husband really loves these pampers and I like the feel of the material that it made of.
You simply get what you pay for. The best absorbency
and leak control system. We've tried others and ended
up coming right back to Pampers.
My son has been wearing Swaddlers since he came home from the hospital. We have loved them, they stay dry and having the yellow strip that turns blue is a great feature.
I have a 3 months old and I love the swaddlers I like that the line tell me when he is wet and they fit great on him
I love the softness of the diaper and I especially love the wetness indicator. The size is also bigger than other Pampers diaper type (e.g. baby dry, sensitive, etc).
I have tried other brands and am not so impressed with them like I am with Pampers.
We prefer pampers swaddlers over huggies any day! They area great fit and keep bbaby dry through the night!
Swadlers are by far the best brand for my baby! Nothing but the best!
I really like the fit of them. The elastic around the legs is very nice and the straps stay on really well.
The Pampers Swaddlers are
the best diapers we've tried.
We love pampers swaddlers! we have tried less expensive brands to save money and EVERY single time have come back to these diapers. they are very dependable, have a wonderful fit, and keep our baby dry. We love that they now go to size 5 and its nice that they almost always have sales going to make these diapers affordable. these diapers are worth every penny and i would recommend them to anyone!
First diaper out of the hospital and for the first weeks after!! Great for new parents. Dirty diaper? Just look at the line!
My son stays dry all night in these diapers. We love them!
Pampers swaddlers are the best, I won't use any other brand of diaper! This is my 2nd cild and the only diapers I will use and continue to use on future children!
Love pampers swaddlers. I won't use any other diapers on my daughter
Love the swaddlers! This is the 3rd child I have used Swaddlers with and I would recommend them to all moms.
Love these products! They may be a little more expensive but well worth it!
My daughter sometimes sleeps many hours at a time, so I love that Pamper Swaddlers keeps her dry and a plus with the indicator!
Pampers swaddlers have worked great for my son. I have used them exclusively for 11 months. As he's grown so has te diaper adjusted to his size. The fit very snug and he can crawl and walk easily.
I love pampers! I'm a mom of three and all of them have used pampers. I tried to switch to several different diapers with the second baby, but quickly went back to pampers. There is no diaper that compares to pampers!
So far we've only used the pampers swaddlers with our baby, but we love it. Love the stripe that changes color when it gets wet.
Great diaper!!! Worth buying!!! Fits well, keeps my baby dry and love the indicator line.
I love the swaddler diaper! They fit my son great!
I absolutely love the swaddlers for my son! The wetness color indicator is extremely helpful!
for the newborns i recommend this diaper cause it holds.
I have always used Pampers Swaddlers on my daughter and they are the softest for her sweet skin and rarely do I have any leaking problems! I would recommend them to anyone!
I really prefer having the swaddlers in the house. The wetness indicator, after 15 months is still helpful! I hate my daughter sitting in a soiled diaper and you can't always tell the diaper is used with one tinkle. It also assists the inexperienced greatly!
I love pampers :) I have twin girls that go through lots and lots of diapers and have never had a leaking problem with pampers.
These diapers fit well and keep my son dry and leak free. Perfect for his small size and don't rub on his umbilical cord stump.
These worked out great-the hospital had them when he was born and we loved them, so kept with them.
My wife and loved these diapers for our little one.
These are great on our little guy, especially after his tummy surgery. They kept moisture pulled away from his incision and were super soft.
These swaddlers are great. Very absorbent without leaking and sensitive to my sons skin.
I only use pampers swaddlers for my son. He has sensitive skin and the only brand of diapers he doesn't break out from is pampers. The price isn't as cheap but it isn't ridiculous especially when it comes to quality!
We love pampers swaddlers for our son. We never have leaks. They are a great quality diaper that I would highly recommend.
Pampers fit and absorb better than other leading brands we've tried.
I love the wetness strip, mainly for newborns. It's nice to know when they have went because sometimes it's so little you won't notice otherwise.
Loved the Swaddlers for newborn- size 2!!!! So soft
They have a good fit and keep my toddler from having leaks all through the night. The only recommendation I would have would be for more characters. I have only seen the Dora ones and my daughter is always asking for more characters.
I highly recommend it. A very good quality product.
I have used these diapers since my son was born. I love that it has the mesh inside that protects him from wetness. I also love the wetness indicator. It is easy to know when he is wet: yellow is dry, blue is wet. He enjoys the Sesame Street characters on the diapers too! I am definitely a happy Mom.
The Pampers Swaddlers are good for a disposable diaper. However, we consistently had issues with "blowouts" of #2 with any disposable diaper. However, for nighttime diapers, cloth diapers couldn't last through the night of our heavy wetter.
Softest and most comfortable diapers that provide adequate dryness for my baby!
Pampers swaddlers are by far our favorite diaper and we won't use any other brand with our baby. They fit well and never leak. Amazing product.
Great product! Fits very well. Soft soothing feel. Confident product will work well, worth the cost. I do recommend to friends.
I've used them for my son since he was born and I use on for my daughter now.
I've use other diapers but nothing works as well as Pampers. I would never recommend anything else.
We tried several brands and had the fewest leaks and problems with these by far!
I have my third girl and all have been pampers babies! Won't use anything else ever!!
For both my sons I have found that Pampers Swaddlers are the best for newborns. They are so soft and gentle and smell really fresh.
Pampers are the best diapers. We have used other brands and nothing compares.
We really enjoyed using the Pampers Swaddlers on our baby!
Pampers swaddled are great for newborns. They are gentle on their skin and absorb well. Love the wetness indicator, it's great for a first time Dad to know when baby needs a change :)
I've tried luvs and huggies but neither compares to how comfortable she is in pampers. She sleeps though the night with pampers and she won't with the luvs . Pampers can hold a lot more bathroom and still make her feel dry than any other diaper. Pampers would be my first choice of diaper for any baby. Thank you pampers your a life saver.
Pampers is the only brand of diapers and wipes that I can use on my daughter.
Love the diapers absorbency and especially as my newborn uses the bathroom the line on the swaddlers changes colors. Love it!
I WILL NOT buy any other diapers, I'm in love with Pampers Swaddlers, they fit amazing, they're heavy duty, I've never had any leaks, just overall amazing!!!!!
After our daughter was born we went through several different brands. Mostly packages that had been gifted to us. Nothing has held up like Pampers. I was so excited when they added up to size 5 in swaddlers. Also having the indicator line has helped tremendously in communicating with my mother in law who only speaks Korean. Thank you.
The Pampers brand is by far the best diaper available. From Swaddlers that come with a wetness indicator and are super soft, to the super absorbent 12 hour overnight diapers that soak up everything! It is worth clipping a few coupons to buy the best and we love them. We have tried generic store brands and other "name brands" but keep coming back to Pampers.
Pampers Swaddlers offer a product superior to the competition! I can count on these diapers to keep my baby's bottom dry and healthy!
They are soft and do wonderful overnight. Quantity and price could change some. Overall a wonderful product. Using now and will in the future.
this was the only brand both my girls could use due to multiple diaper rashes from other diapers
So much better then the others out there! Very heavy duty from newborn to toddler!
Love these diapers. No others compare to the quality of pampers!
Wouldnt buy anything else but pampers, we love this product!
Kept my baby dry and comfy all night. Great product
works great the only diaper that my son had no allergic reaction too.
Compared to other diapers we have used, Pampers Swaddlers definitely beats the competition. For urine capture, it is great. There have been a few times where fecal matter escaped, but I believe several factors can go into that and not just the diaper itself. Overall, very satisfied.
We will always use and recommend pampers products.
Only diapers that don't give my daughter a rash. Won't use any other brand
Swaddlers are the softest and most absorbent diapers we've used. I've tried all the other major diaper brands and I now buy Swaddlers exclusively, because they are the best. Yes, the price per diaper is a little higher, but I don't have to change her diaper as often with these so it evens out. My husband and I also like the "wetness indicator" line.
i used it with my first child and again with my second child i love pampers
The pampers swaddlers aren't quite as absorbent as the baby dry but they are the only diaper that doesn't leave red marks on the inside of my son's thighs. The wetness indicator is very helpful also.
These keep my son extra dry...highly recommend for boys.
Awesome diapers! Love them for my 6 week old! Keep up the great work
When we had our son at the hospital the diapers provided for him were the Pampers Swaddlers. I love the fact that the diapers have the line on it that make it easy to tell if they have gone or not. Sometimes with the little ones when they only go once it's hard to tell and as a breast feeding mom it was very important for me to know how often and how much he was going. I also like that diaper dips down in the front for the belly button. Way to go Pampers! Keep making us moms happy!
I only use pampers products on my baby. They are absolutely great.
The swaddler diapers are very good. They show a visible line that turns from yellow to green when it is soiled. The name brand Pampers hold a lot and I believe that their advertisement about 24 hours are very true. A baby can urinate at least 4 to 5 five times before you have to change them while with other brand diapers they urinate once and the diaper is fully soiled.
I have tried tons of other diapers and always stick to pampers. I have several empty boxes all over also for storage . Lol
I really like pampers diapers, because my son has sensitive skin and I been trying different brands, and pampers is the winner.
We have tried all other brands and they all leak, with the exception of Pampers. The fit, absorbancy, and smell of the diaper itself is far superior.
My baby love pampers! she is very conf when she use them. I recommend this brand to every mom you never repent.
Love these pampers diapers! Never leak! Great hold... definitely would recommend
My daughter has very senstive skin and has had reactions in the past to other brands of diapers. Swaddlers is the only brand of diapers I have found that do not cause her break out.
Love the coverage and leakage protection of swaddlers especially for baby boys!
Being a first time mom, I really appreciated the wetness indicator and cord notch... things I never knew I needed until I had them. Thank you Pampers!
We tried huggies at the hospital and then switched to the swaddlers and have been using these ever since, we love these diapers. In a month of usage not once have we had any spills or leakage. Love these diapers!
I have used Pampers for all 4 of my babies. I have always used Swaddlers diapers for the first three months. Other name brands and generic either fall apart, leave residue, cause rash, or fit so tight they leave marks on their tiny thighs. Pampers has always been gentle, reliable, and keep sensitive skin soft and dry. Thank you Pampers!!!
PAMPERS ARE THE BEST. I NEVER HAVE TO WORRY ABOUT IF MY BABY'S PAMPER IS LEAKING. HER BOTTOM AND CLOTHES ARE PROTECTED BY HER PAMPERS.
I don't know the difference between diapers and swaddlers BUT what I do know is I tried 3 different brands and Pampers fits my baby the best. You really do get what you pay for.
We used Pamper Swaddlers in the hospital. At home we received a variety of diapers as gifts. After using them and then the Swaddlers we decided the Swaddlers are the best. We like the softness of the diaper, the fact that it smells like baby powder and the wetness indicator. We like the fact that our 4 month old can sleep through the night in the diaper and not wake up to be changed. I would recommend this diaper to anyone.
The best diapers!!! Comfortable for your baby & you!
I have used pampers for all 3 of my children.
From birth all the way to pull ups!
I found Pampers diapers to be great, my daughter stays dry. We haven't had any issued with skin irritation, leakages or anything else. Great product!
I started using pampers when my baby was born, ever since then I have loved this product. I have tried various other brands and types but these are my babys and my favorite!
Love the pampers swaddler diaper newborn fit on my baby, and I feel like I cant go wrong with the color-changing wetness indicator.
Pampers is the #1 diaper you can always count on! Swaddlers are so soft, and have fun characters. Absorbency is great and I would recommend me these diapers to any parent any day.
We love the color indicator strip to let us know when its time to change our daughters diaper. The fit could be a little better, but over all we love this product!
Used pampers since the hospital and I don't plan on using any other brand! Love them
Best thing we (my husband particularly) like about this diaper is the wetness indicator. Excellent absorbency and fit to our baby boy!!
My son is sensitive skin and I been a loyal customer since the day he was born I will forever regret my first attempt at trying out A new diaper brand such as huggies he had a horrifying rash all over the diaper area I been using the pampers. Swaddles for over a year and I will continue to use them with the sensitive wipes it's the best for my son :)
We used Pampers Swaddlers for the first 7 months and had so few diaper mishaps. We love 'em.
Love pampers swaddlers! We tried huggies, luvs and up and up and went back to pampers because they really were the best! Soft, comfortable and worth the extra money over store brand! We just had our second child and only buy Pampers!
First time parents and we found out quickly that huggies don't work with our son. After being spoiled with a big box of pampers it only took 5 huggies to figure out who the winner was. We definitly will be pampers kids for life.
Pampers is definitely our favorite brand of diapers. We have attempted to use other brands but have always been disappointed and returned to our tried and true - Pampers. Great product.
We were sent home from the hospital with these for our newborn. They were great, and didn't upset his sensitive skin. Great little diapers!
Pampers swaddlers.
Ilove how they have absorb and they keep my baby boy try ! I also like how there soft and not so itchy on him to . ive tried all the diapers name brand and the knock off brands out there and Pampers is the only ones my son does not break out in ! So yes I give Pampers a 10 star rating ! Thank you so much Pampers for making my baby boy comfortable .
as a first time mom, I change a lot of diapers...after awhile it gets tiring to open and close the diapers just to check. The blue/green line makes it easy to see if baby needs to be cleaned..it makes my life so much easier...
Pampers softest diaper ever, makes my baby in comfort and protection. Color-changing wetness indicator let us as new parents know when to change diaper, and It's unique Absorb Away Liner pulls wetness and mess away from baby's skin, which in hence reduces diaper rash.
We have tried a few different brands/styles and nothing has fit better. No leaks at all.
pampers swaddlers has the softest feel.We love pampers.....
We love our Pamper's swaddlers, or I guess we should say our son does. It keeps him much more dry than another name brand that we tried. We have had far less diaper malfunctions with it and it makes for a happy baby and a lower water/electrical bill. Definitely worth the extra money that you pay for it!
These diapers are by far my favorite, and now they have it in different sizes as well. They keep my son dry, very light weight, and flexible!
I will not use another brand. These never ever fail.
We've used swaddlers since day 1 with our daughter. She's 6 mo now and it's all we've used. Their so soft and she's never had any reaction. The wetness indicator is so helpful to know when she needs changed.
My daughter is now 5 months old and I have tried several different diapers for her. Pampers swaddlers have turned out to be the best for her. I like that they come higher up her back than the other ones I've tried, so now it's very rare for her to explode up her back. The only thing I don't like very much is the wetness indicator because her clothes feel damp. Overall they're my favorite diapers!
The swaddlers are great for the little ones. Fits nice around them with out leaks
I will only use Pampers Swaddlers. I really like the indicator line that lets you know when your baby is wet otherwise my husband wouldn't have a clue when to change our baby girl lol
i really enjoyed using pampers on my son ESPECIALLY THE EXTRA PROTECTION NIGHTTIME ONES. Very Expensive But Works Well.
I love using pamper Swaddlers on my newborn! They seem to fit him very well & they're very absorbent!
MY TWINS HAVE NEVER HAD A RASH WHILE USING SWADDLERS, NO LEAKS, PERFECT FIT, EASY TO CHANGE, I LOVE THEM
These are great for newborns. I love the special fit for the cord. Great for newborns sensitive skin.
I recommend all moms to use this kind diapers for their babies because of having special liner to pulls wetness away form baby's skin it cause having very less skin rash or even NONE, and during night time my baby sleeps longer.
Thank you Pampers Swaddlers
Pampers swaddlers diapers are the best diapers to use. Anything pampers really.
I HAVE 5 CHILDREN! ALL EXCEPT THE BABY HAVE BEEN OUT OF DIAPERS FOR YEARS. WHEN OUR UNEXPECTED SURPRISE JOINED OUR CLAN I HAD ALL KINDS OF DIAPERS THANKS TO A VERY BIG BABY SHOWER AND VERY GENEROUS GUESTS. WHILE I USED PAMPERS WITH MY OTHER CHILDREN WHEN THEY WERE BABIES I FIGURED THERE WAS NO HARM IN TRYING THE OTHER "GIFT" DIAPERS. AFTER ALL THEY WERE FREE AND I HAD SO MANY. THE OTHER DIAPERS WERE ALSO NAME BRAND AND WERE...OK. AS USUAL PAMPERS WERE THE BEST. I FOUND THE SWADDLERS STYLE IS THE BEST OF THE BEST. THE OTHER PAMPERS (IE, BABY DRY, CRUISERS, ETC) DID THE JOB AND DID IT PRETTY WELL. HOWEVER THE SWADDLERS WERE JUST AWESOME AND WORTH THE MONEY IN EVERY WAY. AS I STATED I HAVE A LARGE FAMILY. THERE HAVE BEEN PLENTY OF TIMES WHEN I HAD TO PURCHASE THE LESS EXPENSIVE BRAND OR EVEN GENERIC. CONTRARILY THERE HAVE BEEN TIMES WHEN WE WERE FINANCIALLY WELL OFF AND I TREATED THE BABY TO SO CALLED "DESIGNER' DIAPERS, MOSTLY BECAUSE OF THE SUPER CUTE PRINT ON THE OUTSIDE OF THE DIAPER. NEVER ONE TIME DID ANY OF THESE OTHER DIAPERS PERFORM AS WELL AS THE PAMPERS (ESPECIALLY SWADDLERS). I FOUND THAT THEY LEAKED DURING THE DAY AND SADLY AT NIGHT. ALSO THEIR SKIN WOULD BE WET BECAUSE THE DIAPER DID NOT WICK THE URINE AWAY FROM THE SKIN SO IT LITERALLY LAID AGAINST THEIR SENSITIVE SKIN. WHEN THEY WOULD #2 OH MY GOSH WHAT A MESS. I WOULD USE MORE DIAPERS WHICH MEANT THE SUPPLY WOULD DWINDLE RATHER QUICKLY AND I WOULD HAVE TO PURCHASE MORE. I ACTUALLY ENDED UP SPENDING MORE ON THE "CHEAP" DIAPERS THAN IF I HAD JUST PAID EXTRA FOR THE PAMPERS INITIALLY.
We have found the swaddlers to have the best fit for our newborn. While we used other brands we still preferred the swaddlers overall.
Pampers has always met my expectations. Great product.
I received multiple brands of diapers at my baby shower. After using them all up it was obvious that the pampers were of better quality when it came to absorbency. I had multiple "leak through" with the other brands.
I love these diapers. They fit very well and absorb without leaking. I only use these diapers they are worth every penny.
We have tried a few different brands of diapers, but nothing comes close to Pampers! We're using them for our first child now, and plan to use them for any and all future children!
Found this product the best, when our twins were younger. As they became older and urinated more, I found them to lose there absorption power and found cruisers the next logical choice.
Good product, recommend highly. Good value. Good absorption.
Ever since my son Colton was born 3 months ago Pampers Swaddlers have been the favorite diaper of mine to use on him! They were the ones that the hospital he was born at used also! I tried a few other brands of diapers that friends. & family had gotten for me at his baby shower but no other brand even comes close to Pampers Swaddlers! They have great absorbency & they are really good on his baby soft sensitive skin! My son has never had a diaper rash thanks to these great products! My favorite thing about Pampers Swaddlers is the wetness indicator so I know when it's time to put a new Swaddler on him! This is the only diaper I will ever use on my son. & I would recommend these to anyone!!
Pampers are the diapers we like the best. We have used them for all 3 kids.
.....................................................................................................
This is absolutely the best diaper on the market!! It keeps my son dry all night!!!
Pampers swaddlers were the only type of diaper my preemie could wear. As he grew I stuck with pampers. No leaks, no irritation and no diaper rash! I admit I did switch once to the h brand. But after leaking thru his diapers I realized I was spending more money on bad diapers!
Pampers diapers and easy-ups are by far the best diaper available. Pampers brand is the only brand my family will use. We have tried the competitors and their products don't come cl8se to the quality that Pampers products provide.
Before we used to buy different diapers and your baby always had explotions!!! Since we changos to Pampers her cloths doesn't get ruin enamore.
These diapers are so soft and the wetness indicator really helps to know when to change baby!
Love Swaddlers! Best diaper on the market! No Accident yet so far.
I am now a mother of two, and the first time round we tried every diaper under the sun just because we received so many different products at our shower. This time round we did not have a baby shower so we have just been purchasing the brand that did the best with our first which of course was the pampers swaddlers! Absolutely love them, I don't have to worry about waking up to huge messes, and I don't fear that my baby will be constantly ridden with diaper rash because it keeps the moisture off her skin.
I have used Pampers with all 4 of my kids and I love the fact that you don't just have the Pamper Sensitive wipes any more but the diapers as well!! I just wish you sold size 3 and up of the diapers in stores and not just online. All my kids have had very sensitive skin but our newest baby has had the most sensitive and I forget you sell them online. Other than that I have no complaints about any Pamper products!! Please continue making great diapers that keep our babies skin dry.
My son wore Swaddlers from size N-2 and I love these diapers. In the period of time that he wore them, he only had one "blowout", and it was because the diaper was not positioned correctly. He has sensitive skin and he never had an issue with wearing Swaddlers. They never gave him a rash or irritated his skin. The wetness indicator is very handy to have as well. It is a very easy to see, bright blue stripe. I would recommend these diapers to any new mom.
gr8 product. My baby feels happy and never get any rash.
Pampers Swaddlers and Baby Dry diapers are what saved us! They are the reason our daughter sleeps through the night!!!!!!!!

We were using diapers family members purchased for us and our daughter cried consistently. Another family member purchased Pampers Swaddlers and Pampers Baby Dry diapers for us and we thought it was a fluke when our daughter slept through the night. When we ran out we went back to the other diapers and she woke up a minimum of 2 - 3 times a night. I made my husband run out to the store to buy Pampers. And low and behold, she slept through the night.

Thank you! Thank you Pampers!
These diapers work great for our daughter. The wetness indicator is wonderful, wouldn't be able to live without that!
When my son was first born I was using another brand of diapers. I didn't like them at all I felt like I was changing him every 5 minutes. Once I started using Pampers Baby Dry I fell in love!! I recommend them to everyone. They don't smell and I haven't had any problems with diaper rash.
These help out when my sons with his grandparents for they can see how wet he is.
We love using pampers. Have been great with our two boys.
Best diapers, hands down. Would never buy a different brand!
Pampers diapers good for baby's skin,I will recommend this product to my friends.
My daughter is only 5 weeks old and I can tell you we have already decided we are only sticking with pampers! We have tried other no need to name brands and they fall apart or leak through or leave rashes on her. So we only use pampers swaddlers for the diapers and pampers sensitive for the wipes! :)
Great fit, very little leaks (which is normal with a breastfed baby!), super absorbent!

The absorbency is no joke! My grandmother accidentally through a wet diaper into our clothes hamper instead of the diaper pail (gross I know!) and I didn't catch it until I went to put the clothes in the dryer and that thing was still perfectly intact and holding tons of water from the washer!

We actually use the swaddlers sensitive which is my favorite!
Ever since I left the hospital I've been using them! so good!
I got my first Pampers Swaddlers box at the hospital as this is what they offer for patients and I'm so happy I had to try them! I once tried Huggies, and in my opiinion Pampers Swaddlers are thinner and more absorbent.
What I loved the most, - is the special cut for the umbilicus. I was a bit panicing about hurting my little girl when I put diapers and not to press on the umbilicus and that little thing that remained for good 7 days... but it was so easy and comfortable, THANK you for being thoughtful and making this special design for the new babies!
We have 3 children and have tried pampers, luvs and huggies diapers. I always go back to pampers. Best quality and my kids have never gotten a rash or redness when using pampers as they have with the others.
I love Pampers! We have tried at least 3 to 4 other brands, and Pampers always comes out on top! They fit my chubby 10 month old well, and provide him with great comfort! Not to mention, on days where we are out a little longer than usual, they absorb wetness and keep my son from having any diaper rash! Love them!
We have used Pampers on my toddler his whole life, we did try another brand, but his sensitive skin broke out. Pampers are our #1 choice!
Highly recommend pampers diapers for your children
As a new mom I had no idea what diapers to get. I was in the store and saw that these diapers would keep my daughter dry for longer period of time (sleeping). We got them and they are so wonderful! With the previous brand diapers, her clothes would be wet in the morning too. These may not have the color changing strip when she gets wet but they sure do keep her dry!
This is the type of diaper that the NICU used on my preemie twins. We continued to use them and have been so pleased. The quality is great- we have never had a diaper leak. The fit is good too, meaning both my girls can wear the same size even though they are different weights.
I have tried all the different brands and I love pampers products and so does my daughter!
my favorite. i wont buy anything else. the best ever
Great diaper. Absorbs and keeps baby dry and LOVE the wetness indicator even on the size 3!
My son has been walking since he was 9 months old and has been in cruisers since then and with him moving so much I needed something that would be able to absorb and keep up with him. I did try Huggins but they run a lot smaller and he just didn't find them comfortable.
Love the wetness indicator. When coming home from the hospital, you need to be sure your baby is having enough wet diapers per day and this makes it very easy to be sure they are
I love the comfortable for that my daughter seems to have
My daughter has sensitive skin and pampers are the only brand she can wear without getting a rash. The fit her well and are super absorbent. Even if left on for several hours when, we've had other brands leak.
Pampers swaddlers are the best that I have tried for absorbency. These diapers never leak and I have even used them overnight for several hours and no leaks. My daughter has sensitive skin and the softness of the diapers is an added bonus. I have tried other diapers and these are my favorite. I will not use anything else.
my son can go all night without an accident and they fit great! best diaper out there!
I love these diapers I will never buy another brand
We used Swaddlers starting when both my sons were newborns. They are soft and did not irritate their skin. They kept even the messiest diapers from leaking and were a great fit against their legs. I love the wetness indicator! I would definitely recommend these to a friend-and I have!
The diapers are the best. I tried many other kinds before I found these ones. They are worth it! The yellow stripe turns blue when they are wet. It takes the guess work out of changing time.
We prefer pampers over any other brand! Trust me, we've tried them all!
I like Pampers diapers because of the high quality but they are expensive than other diapers.
Pampers has amazing diaper and wipes products. They keep my baby dry day and night!
I have used pampers since my daughter was born. She is now 1 and we still use them. I have advised all my friends having babies not to waste their time or money trying other brands. Pampers simply fit the best, have the best absorbancy and don't smell.
The only ones i would ever use! BY far the best out there!
I used Swaddlers for my son as an infant, and there was no question I would use them for my daughter as well. These things lock in the wetness and do not give rashes. Amazing.
I love swaddlers for my daughter and very happy they make the bigger sizes. Swaddlers are very soft on her skin, move with her and very absorbant. Tried other "styles/lines" and immediately returned to the swaddlers.
Now my son doesn't wake up soaked and he'll sleep though the night.
I love Pampers! It is the only product I trust to keep my kids dry!
I've tried many different diapers and these are by far the best
We only buy Pampers Swaddlers for our daughter. With our first we bought some other brands but always came back to swaddlers. They hold much more than others and they stay soft on their bottoms.
Don't buy any other brand than Pampers! They are the best!
I used Swaddlers with my son from newborn to size 3. He is 14 months now and requires a more absorbent diaper (at least at night) so we still stay in the Pamper's family and use Baby Dry at night and Swaddlers during the day. I love Pamper's. They are worth the tiny bit extra to save your sanity and baby's bum.
I tried other diapers before but they would leak or my kids got rashes from them. I tried pampers diapers, no leaks or rashes. I won't buy any other diapers expect pampers. They are worth it!!
I absolutely trust pampers with my eyes close! Matter of fact I thank pampers for my 12 hours of protection with my 6 month baby. Thank you so much!
By far my favorite diapers. Absorbancy is great, fit is great. Comfortable and never give baby rashes. Wouldn't trade em for any other brand!
Swaddlers are the only diaper that I use on my premie daughter. The diapers fit her, keep her dry, and allow her the most sleep possible to help her grow and ultimately stay healthy.
The diapers fit perfectly and never leaks. I would definitely recommend this and always buy pampers.
I love pampers my baby been using them ever since she was born never had a problem with them.
The only problem I have with the diapers is once she has peed then its time to change the diaper. Doesn't hold up as well as other diapers.
My 2 year old son is always moving constantly on his feet! So these diapers definitely keep him comfy while running around. Thanks for the great products!
Have used these diapers for several children and work great
Don't leak or leave red marks from chafing overall great product.
Great for newborns and small infants! They keep my little one dry.
When our son was born the nurses put him in Pampers. So at home we put him in Pampers and occaisionally other brands that were given to us as gifts. Pampers were the only ones that kept him dry. And they are the only ones that have been keeping my children dry. I love Pampers.
My son is growing quickly but what i love is that the sizing has been pretty accurate. He turns 3 months tomorrow and he has just moved into size 2.

I am also amazed at the dryness factor. He does not remain in wet diapers too much but he has not gotten any rashes from being wet. The buy of diapers is well worth it!
Never have had any problems with leaking. Keeps our baby dry & happy! Love the "blue line" wetness indicator.
I am happy and satisfied with your product. I would definitely recommend this to my friends.
I typically buy diapers based on price. However, Pampers are my favorite for their fit, comfort, and dryness.
I absolutely love pampers.. They are a great product I have used from hospital newborn to size 3 now. Wipes are great too! I'm definitely a pampers mom!!
My son is long and broad on top with a little bum. The swaddlers hug and fit his waist great and there is no gap in the back of the waist. In 3 months we have not had any leaky diapers.
Pampers has the softest swaddles. They really well made & keeps everything in. We also love the lite characters & the wet line.
We had to use these dypers as the regular ones would leak and she would only be sleeping for 10hrs. Awesome product! Highly recommended!
We have used pampers swaddlers with boys of our boys and love them. As a newborn the wetness indicator is a great help.
We have been using swaddles since the beginning. I was excited to learn that they are now in larger sizes, now we can continue to use a product we trust.
Only diapers I will use on my kids. My son is 2 and a half and never had a diaper rash.
Pampers swaddlers have been great for us and our 4 month old boy. We have exclusively used pampers(outside of the gift box of huggies we received at our shower). Our baby was in newborn size for the first month, the shape of the waistline was perfect for his umbilical cord. In the 4 months, we have only had one leak and it was not the diaper's fault (mommy error). The touch is very soft and doesn't give baby a rash. Our baby has very sensitive skin, so these are perfect. Price could be a little more affordable, but definitely worth the money.
I have been buying pampers since my first daughter was born and I stand by them to this day. We recently had our second daughter and pampers was the brand we immediately went to. plus the benefits of the pamper reward points is a plus as well. The quality of the diaper swaddler is by far one of the greatest. I love how the line in the middle changes color and the absorbency of the diaper is great. Love it.
The only diaper I will buy and use on my kids. Nothing works better.
As a pediatric nurse I have used swaddlers for years. I knew when my daughter arrived that it was the diaper for her. It is soft, comfortable and the wetness indicator truly helped my husband as a first time Dad. We will continue to use them as she grows.
My daughter is 12 weeks old and we have used 3 different brands of diapers. Of all the brands we tried we love the Pampers Swaddlers the best!! They are so soft and super absorbent and keep the moisture away from her tender bottom! They fit her wonderfully and I have never had to worry about those "monster blowouts" we have had with other diapers! We will continue to use these as long as she is in diapers!!!
I always get Pampers Swaddlers for my child. I had tried other types of diapers and other brands, but this type and brand is the only one that she has not had any leaks with. It holds in all the moisture and also keeps her dry and comfortable.
I buy these for my almost one year old baby and they are perfect. She has never gotten irritated from the diapers, they are trustworthy for her to wear at night when she sleeps, and have been flexible for her learning to crawl and walk. I love that they have the little line to let you know if they are wet or not because I can't always feel if she's wet, but I can see it.
I loved using these diapers. The fit and absorbency were excellent. The value of the diaper for the cost was definitely worth it. They seemed so comfortable for my baby.
All pampers products are wonderful! We started with swaddlers, but now that our little guy is moving around more we just switched to cruisers and love them too!!
Really like the way the diapers fit and they are so soft.
Pampers swaddlers offer soft comfort and durability that babies need. The wetness indicator is very helpful with younger babies, ensuring your little one is kept as comfortable as possible. Worth the extra money for a diaper that works everytime.
Swaddlers were the best choice for us because it allowed for our little one to be comfortable. Swaddlers let us know when our little one needed to be changed by the yellow-to-blue line. And the price is high, but well-worth the price because the quality is just unspeakable.
We were gifted several different types of diapers at the baby shower, and when we ran out of our initial box of Pampers Swaddlers, we tried out the different brands/types we were given. Pampers swaddlers were the best fit for our little one, both in sizing, as well as in function. The other diapers did not fit as well to the contours of her body, and others did not provide for breathability - which then lead to increased sensitivity and in other cases diaper rash. It's no wonder why the maternity ward used Pampers Swaddlers, and why we continue to use Pampers Swaddlers today.
Best value!! Pampers wipes are the best, we have tried many different brands, but nothing compares to pampers wipes. Pampers wipes are soft and gentle and get the job done ;-)
We have tried every brand of diapers and realized in the end that Pampers are the best for newborns. I will never purchase another brand. They hold in the most blow-outs by far and they fit so much better than the other brands.
Pampers are the only diapers I will ever use for my boys. They are great quality and price.
I love how soft and absorbent Pampers Swaddlers are! I was so excited when they started making them in bigger sizes....perfect for toddlers as well as babies!
These are my favorite because reduces diaper rash. It absorbs really well. Lasts long and has wetness indicator. The only thing i dont like is that pampers baby dry has about 10 more diapers than pampers swaddlers.
The diapers are great quality, very soft, and are very absorbent.
The swaddlers are my favorite diaper. I tried Huggies and they were definitely not as good. These are a better quality and a great fit.
one of the great things about this diaper is that without having to wake up a baby, the color changing feature helps mothers determine whether a diaper change is needed. it helps eliminate the second guessing of whether or not the baby needs a diaper change.
These diapers are so soft and super absorbent! I can leave my son in these for over 11 hours (at night time) and they don't leak! Amazing!
Great fit and absorbency! No leaking. Extremely soft. Other diapers are thin and feel rough. I feel comfortable having my baby wear these all day and never wore about her discomfort.
Pampers swaddlers are great!! I love the softness of their touch and the seem comfortable. That and they absorb great!
i love pampers diapers! they fit great and keep my son dry at night
Since this is our first baby, we were overwhelmed by the amount of choices of diapers that were presented to us. The Pampers Swaddlers have been the perfect fit for our little girl. They keep her clean and happy, are easy to change, and are comfortable for her. The wetness strip is a lifesaver and the Swaddlers have a great range in sizes so we can use this product as she grows.
Good for babies!! Never leaks and durable!! Recommended
Great product and much better than all other competitors!
Pampers swaddlers are the only diaper that my son doesn't leak through. He was only 5 pounds when he was born and these are the only diapers that fit him. Every other diaper I put on him wouldn't fit him tight enough and every diaper change required a new outfit.
I love pampers! My lo is almost a year and they are still the only diaper we use. We've tried others and they leak overnight. Pampers can go all night! Also love the pampers swaddlers for newborns because of the wetness indicator.
We love Pamper Swaddlers! We love the fact that there is a wetness indicator. Our toddler seems to be able to wear them longer then any of the other brands.
Pampers has always been my number one preferred choice for diapers and wipes. Their diapers have a soft pillow-like quality and high absorbency that help reduce irritation to my daughter's sensitive skin. The wetness indicator is a bonus and helps to keep me on track with diaper changes. The wipes are high quality as well, because they don't tear easily and are also great for maintaining a clean diaper area along with a fresh scent.
I used it for my baby since day one i highly recommend it.
I love using Swaddlers because my baby stays dry even on nights when she has had a lot of liquid.
We have found that Pampers are the best disposable option for both of our children. Pampers diapers and wipes do not cause frequent diaper rash or other areas of irritation like some competing brands have. Pampers will always be our first choice for disposables.
These are great at keeping our little one dry and comfortable and the wetness indicator is a huge help as well! I was happy when I heard they are now being offered in larger sizes (no longer only up to size 3).
No leaks and keeps wetness away from my baby. Love them.
I love pampers and how they fit my baby! They absorb and move very well. Only the best for my baby.
I love that they snuggle my baby, and they let me know when she's wet. Perfect for grandparents who are out of practice.
After receiving and using many different brands of diapers for our first child, we quickly discovered Pampers Swaddlers were our top choice! We absolutely love the indicator line that allows us to easily know when it is time for a change!
Pampers are the only diapers I am willing to use! They worked great for absorbency for my daughter and now for my son! All other diapers my kids have had blow outs in, but not pampers!!! I would recommend swaddlers to all moms who want to keep their kids protected and dry!!
Pampers Swaddlers were what our hospital used so we used them for our newborn. The wetness strip was helpful to first time parents. They worked well and we like using them from size N - 2.
These were my favorite diapers when my boys were small. They didn't leak and held up great!
My baby has been using Swaddlers Sensitive or Swaddlers, and did not get any sever rash or allergy to this product. Overall happy with this product!
I am a new mom, so of course Everyone wanted to tell me which brand of diaper THEY thought was best. I figured "a diaper is a diaper", but boy was I wrong! I was given both Pampers as well as 2 other name brand diapers for my shower, and my husband & I figured we would use them all. We used Pampers on our newborn first. They were SO soft I knew they would be ok on her delicate skin. The quilted barrier kept all the mess away from her skin, and the wetness indicator was so helpful since we could know she was wet as soon as she went. When we went to try the next brand of diapers, we were shocked at the difference if texture. The other brands were so rough compared to Pampers, I just couldn't imagine anyone using them on their baby! They also didn't have the barrier, which meant the baby would have immediate contact with any mess. We ended up not using the rest of the other brands, and only use Pampers now. They are SO soft, and if anyone simply compared their diapers to a pamper, I don't think there would be any other brands out there!
I would recommend these diapers to everyone. As a mother of 3 I have tried numerous diapers and this is the best diaper out there! They are super soft, absorbent, and fits just right. There are no other diapers out there like these!
We LOVE pampers! We have used them on both our children and they fit great! We never had a leak problem.
I love the Pampers brand. I have used them with my little girl since day one.
Great products! I have two 7 months old and love the absorbency they offer vs other brands of diapers.
Love Pampers diapers! Keeps my babe comfortable and dry!
Pampers are great product. I would recommend the pampers brand is the brand to use.
Pampers Swaddlers were a great choice when my daughter was born. They have a great fit and are very absorbent! The color changing indicator was also nice because you could easily see when her diaper needed to be changed.
I loved these diapers when my son was a newborn and now that they have them in bigger sizes he gets to continue to use them and love them
These are by far the best diapers ever made. Take it from a dad that has six children
My son is now 2 yrs old n I have always used pampers since he was born; it's quality us excellent , great absorbency and perfect fit for him; there a few times wen I tried other brands, but nothing was as good as pampers . So I switch back to pampers within a couple if days . It is the BEST!
From the moment our little one was born we have used Pampers! From Newborn to size 2 we were very happy with swaddlers. They fit her perfect- which made her happy and us happy. :)
Love the softness!!! And the product in general!!!
I have used pampers brand for both my daughter's. I love pampers. I will always use this brand for further babies as well. They fit very well and absorb so well.
I have used these from birth up to now at 17 months. Great product!
I have been using swaddlers for our little boy since he was born. I love the fit! My favorite thing about them is that they do not leave a residue behind on his skin.
I have been using pampers swaddlers on my son since he was a newborn & he is now 7 months old. I love them! I've never had problems with them leaking & they are so soft!
The best diapers i have tried with my son. Won't use anything else
I love Pampers Swaddlers! My baby is 8 months old and we've tried several different brands and we keep coming back to Pampers Swaddlers. They are so soft and comfortable for baby's tush. They have great absorbency and are gentle on his bottom.
We have tried using several different brands of diapers, and none of them compare to Pampers for our baby girl. She has lasted up to 15 hours with these diapers, and stayed dry! :-)
I would not use any other type of diaper, I am so glad they increased the sizes!
I absolutely love the pampers swaddled diapers. I have twins & have used other diapers that never compared to pampers. They never leaked out of these & they hold a lot inside. They are the best!
I like this pamper because it's very soft for a baby butt and also its very good and a baby moves and walking this pamper fits my son very good.....
They fit my son perfectly,and no leaks.I like that they don't tear.I'm going to continue buying because their great quality.
If I need a diaper I can trust - this would be the one. As baby gets older, I then switch to cruisers for more movement :)
These diapers are wonderful! I would never buy anything else for me son. He is 9 months old and has only ever used Pampers Swaddlers. I have tried many other brands and have not even used the whole box, actually given some of them away!
I wouldn't it any other brand! Pampers fits great and keeps our little guy dry!
I used Pampers Saddlers for my daughter when she was a baby (4 years ago) and use them now with my 8 month old son. I love these diapers, they even smell good (like baby powder).
I love pampers. I have a 13 year old and used them for him. I have a two month old and I am using the loyal pampers again.
My sister in-law gave me wise advise to only get Pamper, they are the only diapers that kept her child dry. But I had to try out all the brands to see for myself. I am a coupon girl and stocked up on Huggies. Well, it was not worth it. We were lucky to have a baby that sleeps through the night at 2 months old but the only time he ever woke up was when he was wearing Huggies. I now ONLY use Pampers!
Love these diapers. I know they cost more but they do a great job holding everything in. Hardly have any blow outs. My husband loves the color changing stripe
We have tried generic diapers and even Huggies, but the only diapers that were soft enough and absorbent enough were pampers hands down.
Keeps my daughter dry for hours. Found they work better than the ones for 12 hours!! Also, she doesn't complain or cry when she's wet. Gives me piece of mind to know she is protected!!
It's great diaper:) I'd like pampers. it's good for my baby. It feels soft.
My husband and I are new parents and were trying to find the right diaper. We tried everything to see which one was best for our daughter and we always had to go back to Pampers. The Absorbency was best.
These diapers surely are one of the best but they are priced higher than their major competitors so it makes it harder to purchase these on a regular basis. I love how absorbent they are and the wetness indicator tells gives me a good idea what I'm about to open up. They aren't too bulky under the clothes and they are really soft. Again the only thing that prevents me from buying is the price. I buy the brand of diapers that I have a coupon for.
We've tried multiple kinds of diapers, and Pampers are the best by FAR!! They are super soft, don't leak, and fit perfectly! Highly recommend!
Fantastic Product! Wouldn't use anything else!
6month old has never had a leak or diaper rash!
These are the only diapers I use on my newborn baby. This is my second child and I used the pampers Swaddlers on her as well, she is now 8! She stays dry through the night. I have tried other brands but decided the extra money is well worth it!
Definitely would buy again and again. My munchkin is comfortable in this diaper from the day she was born. Tried others but wont match this standard!!
We received lots of different brands of diapers as gifts before the baby was born and I can say Pampers are the best! We actually hated having to use the other ones up once we knew how much bigger of a leak/blowout risk we were taking every time we used one of the "others". It got so that we only used those ones at home and not during naps until they were gone.
I love Pampers Swaddlers! They keep my daughter dry and the Sesame Street characters are adorable when I used Huggies my daughter got horrible diaper rash. I recommend Pampers to all other moms.
I have tried other diapers but always come back to swaddlers. Even my sitter loves the convenient line indicating wet/dry and I know my little one will be changed as soon as she is dirty because of this she has never had a diaper rash.
Great product. My daughter has been using them since she been born. She is now almost four months and doing great.... I definitely recommend this product and will buy them again for our next baby
These diapers are great! We have tried other brands, but keep coming back to Swaddlers bce they are the best!
I love the wetness indicator. A great quality diaper.
This is a wonderful product. It keeps baby fresh and clean.
I love pamper diapers. My daughter is 6 months old and has very sensative skin; the diapers are super absorbant and she has yet to have a diaper rash. Totally would recommend pampers brand to any new mom!
Worked as advertised and love the wetness indicator!!!
When my both my babies were tiny I would only use swaddlers, right up until they started crawling and we switched to cruisers! They are super soft, absorb, and loved by our household!!!
We absolutely love Pampers Swaddlers! We have been using them for over 20 months now, and I love how dry it keeps my little guy. It keeps up with all his running and climbing without bunching up.
These are great, they hold up over night and still have room to absorbe. fit great no complaints the only brand and style i buy
Great diapers, really do keep dry all night long! I've tried all the different diapers and never really had issues with any, but I keep coming back to Pampers. They are so soft and absorbent! I've had 2 other well known brands leak overnight on my 10 month old, but pampers keep him dry until morning! :) Yay Pampers!
My daughter has eczema and Swaddlers / Swaddlers Sensitive are the only diapers I have found that don't irritate her skin.
I love these diapers! I like the outside designs, and the little line that turns blue when the babies wet. I just wish they included more diapers for the price you pay.
these pampers helped the umbilical cord dry off and did not hurt my baby in that area.
I find Pampers absorbs better than Huggies diapers. They also fit better too.
Swaddlers is the best for when my little one has diaper rash keeps her dryer and lets in air without leaking! She is a mover and a shaker and this is one of few products that dont leak with her tiny butt.
My wife was given a bunch of pampers swaddlers at her baby shower, and we've liked them over the other brands that we've used. The yellow stripe that changes to blue when the diaper is wet is a great help.
I have tried other diapers even major brands but Pampers Swaddlers are the only ones that don't leak - even overnight and giant poopies!
I have twin girls who were all over the place and the Swaddlers were put to the test. But they always did the job. I particularly liked the wetness indicator. The indicator is sooo much better than the "finger test" and changing diapers that ended up being dry. A great product.
I have tried huggies, pampers, target brand diapers, etc. my favorite is definitely pampers swaddlers. They have a good fit and I haven't had any trouble with leakage.
They quickly became Daddy's favorites, because he could tell by looking if they were wet. I tried a few other styles and these seem to stay on and fit better. My son fills a diaper overnight and they never leak. Only once in two years did I have a problem where the tape broke, but with as many diapers as we go through that's great odds.
My baby sleep more effectively with pampers versus other brands.
I have been using Pampers diapers since my 2 year old was born. I LOVE Pampers brand diapers because they fit and move well with my son. I never have leaks through the night or have him wake up wet. I have used other diapers and they bulk up on one side or the other whereas Pampers stays soft and smooth on my child's bottom all day.
Pampers products are the best I really love them .
This is a great product, The only problem I had is that my baby boy has chunky legs and didn't fit as well as before
This is hands down our favorite diaper to use on our now 11 month old daughter and has been from day one. We've tried other brands as well as other Pampers diapers but we go for these each time. The fit is superior to Huggies and the indicator is down right awesome
im very happy with the swaddlers and couldnt expect a more wonderful product, these are gentle to the babies skin and no spills or surprises in your babies diaper, best of the best
Love pampers baby dry diapers! We've used them since my daughter was born. She sleeps well in them and they do not cause rashes. Will continue to purchase them!
We used these diapers for my daughter until she started crawling. They were great. We only had a few leaks and I dont think any diaper could have held those in! I will be using swaddlers again when we have a second child for sure.
Pampers Swaddlers are the best diapers I have ever used. I am the mom of 3 kids under the age of 2 (our son was 19 months old when our twin boys were born) so we go through a LOT of diapers, and Swaddlers are perfect for both ages. The softness and wetness indicator stripe are ideal for our newborn twins, and they are strong and absorbent enough to hold up for our extremely active toddler. We received other brands of diapers as gifts and none of them had the quality of Pampers. I recommend Swaddlers to parents of babies of all ages!
I use these diapers with my newborn, they are the best!
Great diapers, these are all I used with my last baby. Very soft!
This is the only Diaper that I use for this Grandbaby... all others didn't fit and caused a rash breakout.. I'll keep using Pampers.
I only put my newborn in Swaddlers. I love the wetness indicator which helped me learn when he needed changing. The softness and umbilical cutout also make for excellent comfort. These rarely leak and are my favorite diaper!!!
I used Pampers with my first, and now with my second. I have always loved them.
Very nice my baby feels comfortable:)
He's really happy
We loved Pampers Swaddlers and are so excited about the bigger sizes! Our favorite feature is the wetness indicator! My husband can tell by touch that a diaper is wet so the wetness indicator saved our son many hours of wetness!!! We highly recommend this product and, in fact, all Pampers products to our friends and family!
Good and but too expensive i really wish they were a little cheaper
I love love love Pampers products. I trust any Pampers products on my babies skin. The diapers are trusted and very reliable. Wipes smell so good and leave baby skin so soft. I would not use anything else for my little ones. Keep up the great work Pampers!
All pampers products are great quality!! I love their pampers & wipes
These diapers are great! I have used them since my little guy was born.
Because pampers swaddler can absorb more, the less time I changed my babies diaper and because of that I can save more money. It stay fit on my baby and keep her dry overnight without me worrying if she is wet, so we both can sleep for long hours worry free!:)
I was always so concerned about my daughter getting a rash or allergic reaction. This runs in the Family. I have been able to trust pampers Since day one with Lilliana. She is now 9 months and a super Dry happy Girl :)
Since his birth, we have used Pampers Swaddlers and Pampers Sensitive Wipes for our infant who has very sensitive skin. These products have been key in helping to maintain the integrity of his skin and avoid diaper rash and other irriation. Yes, we could buy cheaper products, but we would get much less value from those. We stick with the proven leader!
My favorite diapers! They keep my baby clean and happy!
Works great. Left our baby dry and with no discomfort.
Pampers gives us the peace of mind we need when it comes to keeping our baby mess free. We have never had a leak or a disaster area using pampers. I cringe when our sweet in-laws buy us diapers that aren't Pampers. I will only buy Pampers and plan on using them for baby #2 of course!
Pampers Swaddlers are the best thing since onesies! My daughter stays dry through the night which means happier mornings :-). They're affordable and at nearly every store I shop at! Thanks Pampers for another great product!
This product is great. They do not leak and are long lasting.
As a new mother there are so many things to worry about. With pampers swaddlers there is one less mess, one less worry. My 4 wk old has no issues with diaper rash because she stays dry. The diapers fit so well she rarely has a mess and they are do soft.
I've tried different brands and always come back to pampers. thy re more expensive but they keep my daughter dry and comfy. Worth the money!
Pampers products are always my "go to" and I always end up going back to them. The fit and absorbency is great and their products are sensitive enough for my little ones skin.
I highly recommend this product and think this is the finest disposable diaper.
Like it coz worked with both the kids.
Didn't had any rash or other issue with material.
We love Pampers Swaddlers for their quality, fit and performance for our sensitive skin infant!
Best diaper by far. These diapars are well fitted and rarely ever leak. Hiughly absorbant and nicely scented. Have tried other diapers, but papmers swaddlers are the best fitting and softest by far.
Since I received a pack of newborn swaddlers diapers at the hospital, I keep buying them, just started getting a bigger size since my daughter's leg were on the chubby size, but other than that Pampers have overall the best products including for sensitive skin like my little one has!! I even tried to change even to clothes ones but they were marking my daughter's legs and her waist so I stayed loyal to Pampers!
We love swaddlers! We don't use anything else! Will be using them with baby #2!
We always buy Pampers! We have bought several of the different varieties of Pampers, and have been happy with each one. I highly recommend Pampers to all my friends and expectant mothers. They are worth the extra few dollars.
I have tried other brands and always go back to using Swaddlers. My baby does not wake up in the middle of the night because her diaper is wet. She never gets diaper rash and they have a great fit. I love Pampers Swaddlers!
These are the best diapers on the market. I never have issues, leaks, or blowouts when my son is in them. Even better is the fact that they manage to lock in smell! I love these diapers and will never switch.
I love how well the pampers protect against leaks! With both of my boys they would leak right out the side of Huggins but I never ran into that problem with pampers.
My husband and I absolutely love pampers everything! The extra absorption night time diapers hold so well and the fit is perfect! Thank you pampers for making the best everything!!
These diapers were recommended to me by a friend, and I absolutely love them! They work better than the baby dry for overnights and they contain blowouts better than any other diapers we've tried. I recommend these to all of my friends with newborns, and will continue to do so!
I absolutely love Pampers Swaddlers and have used them since my preemie was born. The fit and absorbency is fabulous. My only issue is the price...
We have been using swaddlers since day one and we just love them. Our baby never leaks when she's sleeping at night. It's great!
We have tried 4 other brands and our baby is only 2 months old. By far these are the best! Love how soft they are and they are great at keeping baby girl dry. Amazing absorbency even when baby girl has a very full diaper!
My daughter was born premature, so we began using Swaddlers since this is the only brand that makes diapers to fit tiny babies. As our daughter grew, I tried to switch to a more economical brand but her sensitive skin couldn't take it. I'm so glad that Pampers has extended the sizes in this line so she can use them as she grows. I love the wetness indicator also.
Working in the NICU at a major hospital, we go through a lot of diapers. Pampers Swaddlers have held up to our patients time and time again.
Pampers seem to have the best diapers out there! They are absorbent and softer than other brands
the firts time i used them was when my little one born, the hospital provide me the supply after that i try different brandas, but for my baby a chose the best that is way i keep the pampers brand!
i got twin girls last year, I found Pamper is the most absorbent diaper of all brand.
I love pampers swaddlers. I have three children and my favorite time to use the swaddlers was when they were all newborns. I continue to use them though. One of my favorite brands.
I love the pampers swaddlers! They fit my baby perfectly! They keep her dry. The only time we have trouble is occasionally during the night her diaper will get wet and it absorbs through the diaper onto her clothes. Again this has only happened a few times and I believe it's because she uses the bathroom more during those times. Any other time we have no problem!
I used these diapers on several of my little ones. They have great absorbency and great fit.
After trials and tribulations with other major diaper brands, Pampers holds up as the best diaper for my baby. Not only do they withstand even the wettest environment but they are also thin and gentle on his behind. I will from here on out use Pampers.
Very few blowouts with these diapers as compared to other brands!
Always great products. Good fit. Great wetness control.
I love pampers so much that's why I've been using it since when I had my first baby in 2004 June 15th and I'm still using it till date and I will continue using it till kingdom come.
I LOVE PAMPERS.
When I was pregnant I only got pampers brand diapers as gifts. Both of my sister's used them as well! We have had no issues with rashes or leaks! I wouldn't recommend anything else! :-)
GREAT,GREAT,GREAT PRODUCT!!!!!it's the best diaperS whichever humanity has created!!!!very soft,gentle,leakproof -every you need to take the best care about you r little one!Thanks to Pampers,me and my baby love it!!!!!!
I have tried other brands and pampers is the best. they are more absorbant
Being a first time mom, I didn't really know that all diapers weren't the same. Lesson learned the hard way! We tried huggies brand and every time our little guy did his business, he would end up peeing on family and pooping out the side if his diaper. After that we tried pampers and guess what - no issues at all! He's had some pretty bad blow outs and the pampers have contained the mess and he's not peeing on any of us anymore!
I've tried many other diaper brands and I keep coming back to the Pampers. I love how they fit my little one and also have not had to deal with diaper rash. At first thought they were a little on the pricey side but I buy them in bulk so it make it more reasonable, but all in all, I think you get what you pay for so I don't mind spending an few dollars more on a product I like.
I like the fact that with the swaddlers you don't have to open the diaper to know if she is wet. As a new mom I can't tell just by feeling the diaper and with the swaddlers I can tell each time from the line in the front. I like it when the line turns from yellow when she's dry to blue when she's wet. I like this diaper and I would use it for the next time I have a little one.
After working in a preschool for 9 years, I experienced multiple different diaper brands. So, when my husband and I found out we were pregnant I KNEW that I would be using Pampers Swaddlers! They are fantastic! We haven't had any issues. We love them and will continue to use them for our future children!
I love Pampers Swaddlers the absorbency is amazing. I have tried several other brands but none of them have the absorbency that Pampers do. the fit is great and well. The only issue I ever had was the weight ranges listed but that wasn't a major problem. I recommend these diapers to all my friends.
Perfect fit. My little guy hasn't had a blow out once while using this strong and soft diaper.
Omg the best diapers ever !!! I would recommend this to any baby all ages !!
I'm a new mom and Pampers is all I have ever used so I don't have any comps to compare with. However, Pampers is of such excellent quality that I haven't needed to try any other brand. I love how great they absorb and I love the wetness indicator. No complaints here!
My son is 2 months old and we started with huggies that we received from the hospital he could barely make it between feeding before he had leaked through into his clothes even with the smallest amount of wetness. After switching to pampers we haven't had an issue with wetness and the fit his chunky little curves perfectly! Thank you!
Love them they are so comfortable fits my 6 month old great I prefer pampers instead of huggies
it's the only name I trust keep up the great work!!
I love using the pampers swaddlers diapers! they are great in absorbancy and the indicator line helps tons!
AS A FIRST TIME MOM I CAN HONESTLY SAY THAT I LOVE THIS BRAND!!! ITS THE HAS A PERFECT FIT FOR MY LO, IT'S SENSITIVE, & HAS WETNESS ALERT!!! EVERYTHING I NEED IN ONE!
I have a 2.5 year old and a new baby on the way and I've learned from experience that Pampers swaddlers are the way to go! They are soft and form fitting and the tabs stay closed, unlike some brands we've tried.
Pampers swaddlers are by far the best diapers!!! Love them!!!
These diapers are wonderful. They work completely as advertised. I switched brands because of leak issues. Now I get to sleep thru the night thanks to Pampers!
Pampers swaddlers have worked great for us in terms of fit and performance. We have found they are worth the increase in price when compared to some other "value" brands.
These diapers work fantastic. I have used them on my daughter since she was born. I have no issues with her diapers leaking or anything! I most definitely recommend this product! I have had no issue with them causing diaper rash or anything!
The diaper fits well for my daughter. Very absorbent.
Great product! Work really well for my newborn daughter
I loved Pampers Swaddlers when my daughter was a ndwborn and continued using them until she was a few months old! They fit great and the wetness indicator is very helpful when you're a first time mommy!
I've tried cheaper brands to help save money for me and my family but swaddler a fit my boy the best.
as a mother of twin girls, I use a lot of diapers. I have had a chance to use many different brands of diapers and this diaper is the best. My girls do not have leaks with this diaper nor do they get diaper rash as often as I had experienced with other brands.
We tried all different brands and now only use pampers. It is the only diaper that keeps our little guy dry all night long. It may be more expensive than luvs or store brands but it's worth it knowing my guy wakes up happy and dry
These worked great on my son for the first 3 months. He never woke up soaked like the other brand diapers.
I use these on my daughter every day. Very soft & absorbent. She is 6 months old & we haven't had any problems with diaper rash.
Love that it indicates when diaper is full first time I used these was in the hospital perfect love them
I highly recommend Pampers Swaddlers. My son has broke out with other diapers and so we have stuck with these. They are very absorbent and no leaks even after a lomg night!
These diapers are the best out there. We have never had them leak and I love the wetness indicator! I am so glad they now make them up to size 5!
When you go through as many diapers a day as you do with a newborn, you need something that works. Although my son does occasionally leak out of a diaper, I think that it has more to do with the volume of urine he produces as opposed to the quality of the diaper. They seem to fit snugly, but not too much so.
Swaddlers fit like a glove without being too snug. They move with the baby, and we like the "mesh" liner that keeps the moisture away from baby espically at night time. We only use swaddlers!
I have used both Swaddlers and Baby Dry diapers on my 10 month old. I don't notice much difference other than the outside feel of the diaper. Baby Dry keeps him dry and they fit great. I never have any leakage problems. I would recommend Baby Dry diapers to anyone.
I love the swaddlers & that's all I mainly buy! I love how it has the blue line when they're wet
I have tried other diapers and I go right back to the pampers swaddle. I haven't had any issues with them and I have a baby boy.
we use these diapers with both of our babies. Love how absorbent they are.
Wonderful product. Liked!!!!!! Liked!!!!!!!!! This is a great product.
I love swadllers !! My baby has very sensitive skin and these work great for him!! I love them :-)
We would buy these any day over Huggies! We liked the fit and the wetness indicator line!
I use them so I don't have to worry about soaking through!
Really loved these diapers! They were the only diapers that didn't give my daughter a rash
Awesome diapers. I have used pampers on all 3 of my children and wouldn't use any other Brand.
Pampers products are wonderful. My baby girl loves them and they don't break her out she can wear them all night without being changed! Awesome!
I love how these fit my baby and how it keep them dry
When I had my baby shower we played the diaper game, bring diapers and win a special prize. This being our first child I didn't know much about diapers until our little man arrived that is! After using some other brands of diapers we choose pamper over all the others. They fit him nicely, loved the whole wet line indicator no second guessing wet or dry. Had I know how amazing pampers where I would have requested everyone buy these for my baby shower game!! So soon to be mom's choose pampers I promise you won't regret this choice!
it fits perfectly and never leaks. Love the indicators too!
Worked great for my newborn! Fit was spot on with my son's weight. Absorbed well.
These are the only diapers that I want to put on a newborn. They are so soft and mostly decent at absorbing (except with an explosive bowel movement). I also love that they have started making these in a bigger size.
Glad I have these for my little one, fits great & feels great
only diaper that fits my daughter perfectly. Love the blue line indicator, and the snug fit.
Pampers swaddlers have great absorbency when my LO sleeps for long periods of time it is still working. Sometimes it feels like it doesn't reach around the legs enough and like it's going to leak from top butcher than that they've done their job.
I have used Pampers since my 7 month old was born. Wouldn't use any other kind. Only thing I wish was price more reasonable!
I always know I can count on Pampers diapers and the swaddlers are one of my favorites!
I just loved the fit and absorbancy of these diapers! It is really a great product for babies.
Before having a baby all my friends said use pampers don't even try other brands. I took their advice and have had no regrets. I tried one diaper once of another brand because they were free and passed the rest of the box along to someone else...leaked 30 seconds after putting on my 7 month old. I'll stick with pampers forever!
Overall great product. I love the wetness indicator and the way it fits. The construction seems to be comfortable for the baby. The only thing that I wish was better is the absorbency. I have not had a lot of success using them as overnights.
I absolutely love Swaddlers for my little boy. The indicator strip is so helpful! I purchased another brand by accident and my husband quickly told me to throw those diapers away because they leaked and did not fit as well. We are a pampers family for sure!
I love swaddlers! Not only because of the wetness indicator, but also because it has a snug fit. The fit of the swaddlers have helped prevent many leaks compared to other brands.
I love how my baby stays dry! Especially at night. She doesn't leak through.
Absolutely love the pampers swaddlers!! Especially the wetness indicator which makes changing diapers idiot proof. The swaddlers also run a little bit bigger than the baby dry and cruisers.
Still have occassional leaks, etc. but better than huggies and luvs from my 3 month old so far!
We love pampers swaddlers. We prefer them over huggies because they are much softer and fit better. Swaddlers are my second choice, only to sensitive swaddlers, because my 10 week old son is very sensitive.
I love Pampers!! I have used them since day 1 and my little girl is going strong at 12 months wearing pampers! She's always on the move and pampers cruisers allow her to go anywhere and everywhere comfortably!! I love the blue line indicator because she never has to stay wet I always know when she needs a change!! Thank you pampers for keeping my little one happy and on the move while I'm happy too!!!

Sincerely,
Lindsay, a satisfied mom!
This really holds up well with all the moving. I would tell others about it. My baby sleeps great with pampers on him...no waking up in the night to change.
I particularly like Pamper's Swaddlers diapers because of the visual blue line. You know when to change the diaper. Less waste.
The only diapers we use! Go Pampers! Love the wetness indicator and the absorbency!
I tried other diaper brand and I learned that pampers swaddlers is the best for my baby. It is soft, absorbs well and fits well too. I definitely recommend pampers, great quality!!
I love the great fit of Pampers Swaddlers on my little guy. We tried other diaper brands, and he went right through them. Talk about a nightmare!

Not only do they fit well, the color changing strip down the front takes the guess work out of diaper changing. The color changes from yellow to blue with any kind of wetness.
When my daughter was first born, she HATED wet diapers. Seriously, it would barely be wet and she would have a fit. Having the wetness indicator was a life saver since it would help tell us whether she was crying over a wet diaper or something else. I also loved how they fit and never had a problem with leakage.
I have used this product for all my three children. My oldest is eighteen, my middle child 11 and my baby 2 1/2. I have trusted this product for many years because the quality is amazing. I have never experienced any problems like my babies having accidents, rash, or poor fitting. I love the smell of the diapers and the wipes. I like the fact that the wipes for sensitive skin are so soft and gentle and can be used all the time throughout the day for many purposes. Although my two oldest are no longer babies, they still use these wipes and I make sure we always stock up on them. My son will turn three this August and I have yet waited to potty traine him because I feel he's not ready, and I also don't mind spending my money on his diapers because the quantity and quality is super good. When the time comes for him to use pull ups, I will definitely buy your product. Thank you for this awesome product and I hope all mommies out there enjoy this product as much as my children and I have.
cannot complain about perfection!! great, lasting protection all day and night!
We have tried several diaper brands and types.. This is the best one we have found yet. For the price, the overall quality is amazing! The dryness and absorbency is much better than most brands. Highly recommend these pampers!
I love pampers diapers, had tried some of the other brands but kept returning to pampers :)
Love these products. These are the only ones I use. Sometimes the stool comes out of the top if we don't change him right away.
When my sweet daughter was born the hospital put her in Pamper's Swaddlers & we've been hooked on them since! We have tried pretty much all the other brands (Huggies, Luvs, Target, etc.), courtesy of all of the diaper cakes from her baby showers & why buy diapers if we have them for free? Mistake! Pampers Swaddlers are the best in keeping her dry and keeping the messes inside the diaper!
Love swaddlers! Especially the fit and how it pulls away dampness. They are so soft and flexible and seem to breathe.
I love the pampers swaddlers. I've used them on my son since he was born in February. I tried a few other brands but I always come back to pampers. I love the color wetness indicator. I also prefer the pampers wipes over any other brand. They are much more softer and they don't rip. Overall, the quality of Pampers product is A+.
My baby was premature and has really sensitive skin. We had problems with other diapers. But she loves the pampers swaddles. They keep the wetness away from her sensitive skin. I won't use any other diaper!
These diapers are the best. I've always loved pampers. Plus, the wetness indicator is so helpful
I love pampers swaddlers for my almost 10 month old for bedtime they keep him dry no leaks all night long
These are the only diapers my son wears. I think they provide great protection during the day and night! I recommend them to anyone!
These are our favorite diapers. I love the color indicator for wetness, the absorbancy and the fit. These diapers are also better than other brands at reducing odor.
I had full confidence in this product and no worry of rash or skin allergies! Very absorbent and cute designs !
Swaddlers are the perfect combination of softness and absorbency! Great diaper for the price!
I have used pampers for years taking care of my niece and nephew, so it was no question to use them when my daughter came along. We have never had any issues with any of our pampers purchases and will remain a loyal customer for years to come!
The quality of product is great, although the price is a bit more expensive than other brands.
My husband and I are both first time parents and every since our son was born he wont buy anything else. We love the way they fit to absorbency and my husbands favorite part is the blue indicator line to let you know he needs to be changed. Thanks pampers!!
on my second child and I defiantly approve of the quality of Pampers brand.
i love this pampers there the best the price is awsome for the amount u get
We only use pampers diapers. I have been using the swaddlers through 3 of my children and they are super absorbent and very soft and breathable!!
we just had twins a few weeks ago and Pampers swaddlers preemie was as awesome as I remember with my sons. the diapers fit snuggly and keep our girls dry :)
The best brand of diapers, never leaks and fits great compared to other brands.
Love the absorbency. Super comfy feel! Worth every penny!
We have tried various different brands of diapers, and the Pampers Swaddlers are the only diapers that comfortably fit my baby and don't leak when it gets full. Other diapers stick to his bottom when he poops; not Pampers Swaddlers. We will only be buying Pampers products from here on out!
my son drinks a lot of water and used to leak through his diapers till we switched to swaddlers. No more wet nights
These fit perfectly and don"t rub on my sons legs.
When trying different diapers with our first daughter, Pampers Swaddlers were the best fit and protection we found. We love them!
I have twin girls and one seems to leak more often at night. pampers is the only overnight diaper that seems to keep her clothes dry.
Better then any other I have tried I use for both my kids!!
I have used Pampers Swaddlers since the day my daughter was born. They are better than all the rest.
Amazing product fits my son perfectly I wouldn't use another diaper
We love using Pampers diapers. Love the smell of the (clean) diapers. :)
I was gifted a lot of diapers when I had my son from huggies abs pampers to the cheap Walmart brand and pampers were by far my favorite! Dry comfortable for my baby soft to the touch not crinkly sounding overall amazing!
Love love swaddlers.. the wetness indicator is very very helpful.. especially for dad.
I love the Swaddlers by Pampers! They are super absorbant and keep my baby girl dry! We have tried some of the competition and they are more affordable, but are not as nice as these! I love the netting inside, which make even a soaked diaper feel strong and held together. Also, some diapers make her smell like urine when she is even a little wet. Swaddlers pull the moisture away from her and hold the odor too.

They are my favorite and if you can afford them...your baby deserves them!
These diapers have been awesome. We tried other brands and they all leaked. We have switched and have not had to change outfit with each diaper change.
Swaddlers fit the best and are nice and soft for your new little baby. I like that Swaddlers come in bigger sizes now so that you can keep your little one in Swaddlers longer. Fit wise I think Swaddlers have the best fit, this helps prevents leaks and also wears nicely under clothing.
I really loved the swaddler diapers for my newborn. We received several brands of diapers, but the pampers swaddlers were my favorite. I love the fit and wetness indicator most of all.
With my bio kids I used other diapers. But when bring home my new born foster son I used Pampers . I love them so much the keep him dryer.
When my son was born, I didn't know how to change a diapers or when was full. Having pamper with the wetness indicator helped me master the skill of changing diaper and knowing when my son use the restroom. Thanks a lot pampers!!!!
More comfortable for baby, absorbs well and keeps baby dry. Recommend to everyone.
Love the swaddler's.
My daughter is two months and had been using then since she was born. The wetness indicators really helped alot the first couple weeks
I love Swaddlers! We've been using them for our son since he was born, he's now 3. And we were thrilled to see Swaddlers increase in size. Thank you Pampers! We've never found a better quality diaper!
I'm so happy with these diapers... These are the only ones that I have found that fit my baby boy! He was born 3 weeks early! These diapers fit great and are very absorbent!!!
We love Swaddlers for our little guy! He is now in size 2 and they fit him so well! Overall completely satisfied!
We have been using Pampers swaddlers with our newborn son since he was in the hospital. We knew before having him that those were the diapers we liked best. Once we got him home, I will say we tried cheaper brands to save a few dollars...needless to say we went right back to pampers. They fit our little guy the best, absorb the best, and feel like they're the best quality of diaper. Thank you for a stellar product!
These diapers are great, They fit better than anything else and keep my little one drier longer!
I love pampers swaddlers this is what my baby started out with at the hospital.he is 3 months old and is still in size one they are very roomy and have lots of room to grow in I love the Sesame Street theme on them and love that they don't leak.
I love these diapers! i will continue to buy all the stages of Pampers as my baby grows!
I've been using them since my girls were in premie! No issues at all.. keeping up with the sizes and girls stay dry!
The only diaper we have found that keeps our daughter dry all night long and keeps the blowouts contained. These are are a sanity saver. I wish I could find the mom from the diaper aisle that told me about them to thank her.
I am a first time Mommy. So it goes without saying that I had a lot to learn. I have found that pampers products provide the best quality at a fair price. What I prefer most from pampers are they're swaddler diapers. The number one reason being dryness and a close second is that the indicator strip is extremely helpful to my husband. When he stated he liked the swaddlers best because of this strip I decided right then & there we will always buy pampers swaddlers--whatever it takes to keep him helping with the diapers!
Love this brand of diaper more than all the other leading brands.
Pampers diapers are by far the best. I had my baby at 34weeks which made her 6 weeks early pampers swaddlers are truly the most soft a comfortable feeling diapers I wouldn't put my baby in anything different plus I can find premature diapers in any other brand so im thankfull pampers is the one that makes them. I have never had any problems with any pampers 5 stars in each category in my opinion.
I absolutely luv those diapers! Great absorbency power
I love Pampers! These are the only diapers I use! they are perfect for my preemie! They are the only diapers that truly fit my preemie n have full protection!
My husband loved the wetness indicator. It helped him learn when the diaper needed to be changed. They are very soft against your new baby's skin. I found they are true to size and fit my little guy perfectly.
Being a first time mom I was very nervous when it came to choosing a diaper, this brand was given to me by the hospital and these have by far been everything that I was looking for.
After trying another leading brand of diapers and having poor luck with trying to keep the baby dry/clean, we ended up trying pampers swaddlers based on some online reviews we had seen. Our little boy is now 7 months old and, since the time of birth, swaddlers have been excellent for him! Accidents that leak do happen (I think that's inevitable) but are few and far between, particularly if we are careful with making sure the size is correct for his weight. Although we always bring an extra change of clothes with us for baby, we are confident taking him out, knowing that "blow outs" do not occur with these diapers. I highly recommend them to all of my friends and will use them again if we are blessed with another child.
Excellent fit, good absorbency as advertised, soft and gentle for our baby's bottom. Love the strip! Get to know when wet easily now
Pampers Swaddlers are my favorite diapers. These diapers fit my son better than any others out there. He rarely gets diaper rash.
I will never buy another brand! I love Pampers!

My little baby has eczema, therefore I need a diaper that is soft and gentle with my baby's skin. I tried others brands, and only Pampers gave me what my baby needs. I don't regret expending in Pampers instead to buy the cheapest brands. My baby really deserves the best, and Pampers has it!
Pampers swaddlers are excellent! They are the only diapers we will buy for our baby! Great for those long nights of sleep no leaks or icky messes!
I love these diapers. I can tell when he needs a diaper quicker. They are so comfortable. I wish they made them in 6 and 7.
Excellent Unbeatable product!! As a baby, Pampers was used on me by my mum, My sisters use Pampers on their babies & now I enjoy using all Pampers product on my own baby. People call the "Pampers" family. I told my husband, "Its Pampers or nothing else"..
So happy that you make the swaddlers in the larger sizes!!!
I've used swaddlers on my toddler when she was an infant and loved them. They did keep her dry and I didn't have to worry about leaks at all.
I love pampers diapers, I had started out using huggies when my daughter was first born and I could not believe how many times a day I was having to change her clothes because she was leaking right through her diaper I instantly switched to pampers and haven't had an issue since! AMAZING! & the color changing line just makes it so much easier and convenient!
I absolutely love pampers. I refuse to getand other brand. They fit pperfectly and she rarely leaks out of then.
I would recommend these diapers because they're great for keeping your baby dry, comfortable and the wetness indicator is a huge help especially for a new mom.
Love the wetness indicator and the cute characters on the waist band! Started with Pampers Swaddlers and never going any other route! this is a great diaper and i recommend it for newborns until your child no longer fits into any of their sizes. LOVE THEM!
If your baby tends to have sensitive skin (or even if they don't!) these diapers are great ... they avoid diaper rashes, red marks, etc. that can happen with other diapers and still perform when it comes to absorbancy.
I have been using Pampers from the beginning. A ton of my friends recommended them and they did not disappoint! Great product!
Pampers diapers have been the only ones my boys could wear without leaking through. The Swaddlers are a great fit and they're soft and comfortable.
My son used these for most of his newborn stage and they were great! Never leaked and always held everything in. Can't wait to use them for my next child.
Even in new born size we had blow outs in other newborn brands. These fit the best in smaller sizes.
We love using pampers! They fit great and absorbe well.
My son was in pampers from birth-about 3 weeks old before I started experimenting with other diapers and I must say, Pampers Swaddlers are by FAR the best! He is almost 3 months now & those are all we use! They fit him great, do not leave him raw around the legs and have excellent absorbency!!
I like Swaddlers diapers. They are soft and keep my son dry for a while and it doesn't give him any rash.
My twins used pampers while in the NICU and it only made since to continue using them when I got home. We used swaddled until they gee out of them. They allowed for the best absorbancy and fit. When my son was born it was a no brainer to continue using them. My son is mostly potty trained but continues to use them during bedtime.
LOVE THIS DIAPER AND SMELL.........................
we love pampers diapers. we have not had any leaks.
I always put swaddlers on my babies at night time they always are dry in the morning and diaper is fully loaded. Great product and I love that they have these in the bigger sizes now. I only buy pampers diapers.
pampers dry are awesome, comfort fixed diapers. ran-ran walks like a pro, run and play while diaper stay snuggle. don't hang loose as if its going to fall apart. and hold leaks wonderfully. i loves pampers dry . my babysitter started buying this brand. giving ran-ran 3 diapers to take home, that night i only use one until early morning. WOW. HAPPY MOM.
I have bought different brands of diapers due to price; however, I keep coming back to pampers swaddlers. They don't leak and hold for hours. My son sleeps all night without any leaks or diaper changes needed during the night. Other brands I have tried have constantly leaked which have caused stains on his clothes. I love pampers and would definitely pay the extra money for the greatness of this product.
Pampers swaddlers are the only diapers i put on my daughter cause they work better than any other diaper. The quilted design helps keep my child dry never through out the night and she doesn't wake up screaming to be changed they also fit the best ad don't cause redness or irritation on my daughter like certain other brands do. Over all favorite diaper!
I must say these Pampers swaddlers are the best diapers out there. Comfortable for your baby and prevents leaks. The wet indicator can also prevent diaper rash.
These diapers are amazing. :) They are perfect for my son. The price isn't all that bad, even tho I am on a tight budget I don't think any other diapers would compare too the pamper brand! #TeamPampers! <3
I have always loved pampers brand. The quality is like no other
I love the wetness indicator on this diaper and the great absorbency. I have tried a couple different diaper brands and my son has blown out of them like nobody's business (even when they claim that won't happen). Yes, they are a little more expensive but, I figure my son's little tushie is worth it; plus they save me from having to constantly change his outfit when he rips up his diaper with a nasty #2.
Plus, the hospital gave us Pampers to put on him when he was born so that is a good sign they are the best for your little one(s).
Pampers are the only diapers that fit my daughter properly, and they last through the night without leaking.
The swaddles diapers are amazing the best i love is that you will know it went the baby is wet because it has a line that indicates on green that it is time for change them and also they are more absorbent and the other thing i love it is because it help for the new born with the umbilical cord.
I cannot believe how amazing these really are. There are people who are telling me not to get Pampers because they are not good. But oh boy are they wrong.
Pampers is great! Will be the only diaper brand I will use for my baby.
My husband and I both agreed that Swaddlers are perfect for babies. Not only are they absorbent, but we LOVE the indicator to tell us when she needs a new diaper.
These are the only diapers that we use on our newborn baby boy! We love the umbilical cord cut out and the way they snugly (but comfortably) fit on him, so there are no leaks!
Huggies and Luvs brand failed me at some point. I was one who always said I would buy Huggies diapers for my child because that was the brand I saw on tv all the time. Well when I actually had my first child I got all different brands of Diapers at my baby shower, and that gave me the option to figure out which of the three I liked. Needless to say I found that Pampers brand was the best. We're in Pull ups now and I still make it my business to buy Pampers Brand of pull ups.
My husband and I absolutely LOVE Pampers Swaddlers diapers for our little girl. She is going to be 5 months old and I have only tried any other diaper for one change twice and then have gone immediately back to these ones. The color change indicator has been exactly what we as new (tired) parents have needed and feel like we were able to get a good handle on the whole changing diaper process with the help of Pampers. Thank You Pampers!!
I have tried others but I like the way these fit my little one.
MY TWINS ONLY USE PAMPERS!!! FOR US IS THE FIRST AND ONLY CHOICE. SO HAPPY SWADDLERS NOW COME IN BIGGER SIZES
These diapers are great. I tried others when my son was born and nothing compared. He is 8 months old and these are the only ones we use... He is dry all the time! These diapers last all night too!
We have used pampers swaddlers from day one. My son wakes up dry and happy which makes momma happy! I would recommend these diapers to anyone who has a little one.
We were given Pampers Swaddlers in the hospital when my son was born and they were fantastic! Super absorbent, and they fit snugly around his legs (which is where most of his leaks happen). Even changing sizes we still at 5 weeks old have not had one leak or blow out like we have with other brands. They can be a little pricy depending on your area, but it is DEFINITELY worth a couple extra dollars. I will absolutely continue to use Pampers brand diapers!
As a mother of two and an infant caregiver, I've used my fair share of diapers! Pampers swaddlers are by far the greatest available! No leaks, no tabs ripping off, and my little one seems super comfy (no red marks, ever). They are definitely worth the little extra that they cost compared to other diapers.
I have tried several of the other diapers on the market (both brand name and store brand) and so far these diapers seem work best for my baby.
It is a good product at a good price, I will be using Pampers diapers for the duration of time he will need to stay in diapers!
Love the Pampers brand. They fit my son perfectly and are affordable.
Very pleased with Pampers Diapers would not consider using anything else..
Pampers Swaddlers are the best diapers that I have tried, of all other brands they keep by baby safe from leaks.
I love swaddlers. I am a mom of 4 with the first 2 I tried other brands only to find bad fit, leaks and rashes. With my third and fourth I have used Pampers Swaddlers exclusively and had no issues.
Very rare to have my guy leak out of these. Not harsh on skin. Only use pampers
These diapers were great when our daughter was first born. The striped helped my husband know when she was wet. He still uses for a quick check. They fit well and very, very rarely leak. The softness was great when she had a diaper rash. These are wonderful diapers.
We would not choose any other diaper for our baby! The wetness indicator strip is very helpful to know if she is ready for a change. The fit around the legs is the best we've found, and this helps it hold in some very big loads. That is the reason other diaper brands had failed on us. Great product!
To be honest I can not tell the difference between these and the sensitive type in regards to my baby; however, I still love both!
We all know that having a newborn is a hands on job. On top of that we also have to take care of other things such as the household. But with a product like Pamper's Swaddlers I can say that things become much easier when it comes to diaper changing. The indicating line helps top remind you that baby is due for a diaper change. The way they are shaped gives that room for the belly button to heal without having to worry if the diaper will be in the way. Yet best of all is how it helps maintain a dry baby n crib.
Hello Mommies! I am currently on my 2nd pregnancy. Expecting on October. Yay! Anyway, 5 years ago i gave birth to a baby girl. And we've only used Pampers Swaddlers ever since. This diaper doesn't leak even when wet. So i would definitely recommend all mommies out there to try this wonderful product out!
My daughter has been using pampers swaddlers since the day she was born! They are wonderful. They are absorbant and never leak.they fit snugly and feel soft.
Absolutely awesome, tried others brands and nothing compared to the pampers swaddlers. My husband loves them too! He loves the wet indicator line and so do I!
My husband's friends threw him a "diaper shower," so we had the opportunity to try out many brands of diapers. Pampers Swaddlers are our favorite! Fits great, never leaks. No diaper rash so far after 5 months of use. Fantastic product!
I use to buy Huggins but one day my husband accidentally bought pampers and ever since that day I love pampers!!
I thought that they were going to be bad but the hospital only gave my baby pampers & they worked fine
Our baby has always worn Swaddlers since birth. They are the prefect fit! You really get what you pay for.
These are by far the best diaper on the market. They are so soft and fit so well. They were the only diaper that did not cause a rash with my baby. I love them!
Liked the product a lot . It is very satisfying for a new mom
This was the only diaper that my son didn't leak in
These diapers fit my baby snug to keep him dry. They also fit better under his clothes so he doesn't have the "bulky diaper" look. Although they aren't as big as traditional diapers, they still keep him dry day and night.
Pampers swaddlers are my absolute favorite diapers. I love them. I just wish they weren't so expensive.
The papers saddles are the best diaper for newborns there is out there. When we bought our little one home it was the only diaper we could find that didn't leak all over the place.
This diapers are gentle, my baby gets diaper rash very easy, but NOT with this diapers!! :D
I'm so obsessed with the swaddlers pampers it hold more then any other pamper and I just love how the line tell you how full the diaper is I just love this product.
I love these diapers for my son. I love how they have the line right down the middle letting you know that they are wet.
I was so excited when they offered these in the larger sizes as well. The fit was perfect and the wetness indicator was convenient.
I love the pampers swaddler diapers. They keep my son dry the night and day. I am really glad there are big sizes available as he grows.
tried other diapers and these are the absolute best!! We have never had an accident in these where in the other brands there was leakage or the diaper itself would fall apart! We are a Pampers family forever!!!
I used pampers on my first child & fell in love with these diapers. I never used any other brand because I feel like Pampers diapers are a winner. I especially like the wetness indicator. It keeps my baby dry and the diapers smells good also.
Before my LO was born I researched and ran polls of which diapers were best overall. Swaddlers seemed to be most popular! Now that I use them they are great! No overnight leaks or blowouts unless you allow them to carry too much for hours on end but they're great! I've also tried the sensitive kind and they're great when my LO has a diaper rash.
The only diapers that would fit my newborn and keep everything in.
I tried the Huggies brand diapers first, then I tried the regular Pampers diapers. The Huggies leaked everywhere - I was always changing my son's clothes whenever we changed diapers, especially after he slept. The regular Pampers were better, but not very soft. The Swaddlers are the best. They do not leak. NEVER. I've never had a leak. And they are very soft. My absolute favorite diapers and worth every penny.
My baby girl is 2 months old and she has yet to experience a diaper rash! These diapers keep her dry and she rarely cries for a diaper change. These pampers have provided me a peace of mind.
Bought this with my newborn and love them. We received another brand of diaper as a shower gift and almost every one leaked unlike these. Didn't even use up the other ones.
We've used these since our little one was in the newborns. Out of all the brands we've tried, Swaddlers was the best. Now that we're in size 6, we certainly wish the Swaddlers went up that far!
Wetness indicator is the best!!!! This lets you know when baby is wet; which is great news for new parents!
My son has stayed dry every night since he came home with pampers swaddled. Sleeps through the night thanks to the super absorbency.
Baby stays dry all night not to mention how much I love the wetness indicator!
I love how pampers swaddlers are soft and fit so well. The wetness indicator are a great for dad's who might not be too sure if the diaper needs to be changed. These diapers keep mom ,dad and baby satisfied
The Swaddlers are slimmer than other available diapers on market, however they do
not leave tight marks on baby's skin.
pampers products do not have smell and it tends to stay put because of the mesh interior fabric, making clean up easier
also because of the mesh swaddlers leaves causes less diaper rash

I highly recommend this product and think this is the finest diaper on market currently
We really appreciated the little indicator stripe when our son was so tiny. We also experienced a few "blow outs" that could've been worse if we were using other diapers. During those blow outs, my husband and I would often say, "Thank you, Pampers..." :)
Very comfortable for my baby through out the day and easy to wear for my baby.
We had been given diapers for our baby shower, and got tons of different diapers to try. We ended up disliking most of the diapers, but Pampers Swaddlers. Only diapers that offered protection for our son. No leaks, or discomfort for baby.
I love how they fit perfect. Most importantly my baby stays dry and is comfortable.
Pampers Swaddlers are our go to diapers, especially for outings and overnight. We have NEVER had a leak while our little guy was wearing a pampers swaddler. The netting like absorbent layer pulls the moisture and mess away from his skin, as a result, he has also never had diaper rash from a Pampers swaddler like he has with other diapers! We will continue to buy Swaddlers for sure!
Love these diapers! The line on the diaper that turns blue to let you know if your baby is wet is very helpful! My baby boy does not leak out of these diapers and they fit him very well.
I have to say I love pampers!! They do cost a little more than other brands but they are worth it ! My 6 months old son can play in these diapers without getting little red lines on this legs, which makes a mommy happy. Also the amount the diaper holds is most important to me because my son goes a lot durning the night. I don't have to worry about his diaper leaking at all !!!! I recommend pampers to every mom I know !
As a new mom I'm so happy with this product I know my baby is dry and well protected. I love how it has the wetness indicator it makes everything easier with out having to open everything to check.
These were awesome out of all the diapers I tried on my daughter! My favorite most defenitly. I tried others but always came back. So switchs for me anymore !
I love the wet strip and holds well for overnight. I recommend this product to all parents.
I am a first time mom so I have tried almost every diaper on the market my daughter from a very young age suffered from eczema nothing helped. When she was first born the hospital provides me with pampers and they worked great but being a first time mom and on a tight budget I switch to a cheaper brand biggest mistake ever, after changing diapers every 2 to 3 week I gave pampers another try best decision, she early had diaper rashes and her eczema cleared up a lot. I usually switch from the swaddlers to baby dry both work great. I would surely recommend these to any parent.
I love these diapers. Keep my baby dry and there is a yellow line that turns blue when the diaper is wet. My favorite brand!
Pampers Swaddlers are the best I was so exited When they came out with the bigger sizes. thanks Pampers
Wonderful product. My baby has sensitive skin and is allergic to other diaper brands. Pamper's swaddlers is soft and doesn't cause any irritation to her skin.
These are perfect!! Will not use any other brand of diaper.
I really love pamper swaddlers there the best diapers for my sonn :) i've tried many different brands of diaper and they would either give him a rash or leak went he would urinate :( & i've never had any problems with them :) i would def recommwnd pamper swaddlers :) but i went and bought 4 boxes at 37.98 the (huge) boxz of 168 count and they were defective :( they didnt have the lineing & said they couldnt take them back because they were open :( but bought from another storee and they were fine :)
Good quality and I especially love the wetness indicator. Soft and super stretchy sides for a perfect fit. I recommend this product.
Love these diapers for my son! The only diapers we will use!! Great quality!
You can't go wrong with pampers. Big brother and sister love the blue indicator.
They are the softest diaper we have tried. The inner liner keeps the wetness and mess off of baby. Also the wet indicator is a great visual. There was no hesitation on which diaper to use when it came to Pampers Swaddlers.
At our baby shower we received many different brands of diapers as gifts. Pampers Swaddlers have been our favorite in size Newborn, 1, and 2. The material is soft and stretchy and they always fit perfectly. The net liner seems to instantly suck moisture in and away from baby's skin. The color changing wetness indicator is a life saver (especially at 3am)! They may cost a little more per diaper than other brands but are more than worth it when compared to all the extra laundry I had to do after leaks and blow outs in the other brands. And because they are SO absorbent and dry we didn't have to change them as often as other brands to avoid diaper rash! We love Pampers Swaddlers!
Pampers is the only brand we've purchased. Seems to be the best out there so we haven't strayed.
Wonderful diapers first time mom to a very playful little boy swaddles absolutely love them great fit perfect for long night and very durable.
I've been using pampers swaddlers since my twin daughters were born. Always happy with the fit, absorbency and how much they keep my girls dry. I'll always recommend this product to new Mums like me ;-)
Pampers have been around for many years and the products just keeps getting better. I have used them on my children and now grandchildren. The smell is awesome and baby fresh and the packaging is good.
Great diapers keep my baby dry.They fit well and we have no problems with leaks. What a great product! Happy Mom and happy little girl:)
i love these diapers the best. they fit my newborn great and she never leaks. i had gotten a few other big name brand diapers at my babyshower and she pees and poops right thru those. she sleeps for hours without waking up to be changed.
I love these diaper! I'm a first time mom and couldn't be more pleased. They let my son stay dry and comfortavly,even through the night.
We absolutely love the pampers brand. And the swaddlers are wonderful when you've got a baby who seems to always be wet. Love the indicator!
I am yet another mom who swears by Pampers brand diapers. We received feedback from friends who are parents and registered only for Pampers. However, our hospital provided Huggies during our stay and some other friends gave other brands as gifts, so we gave them a try. They kept our little Aiden dry in the first week, but afterward, we started experiencing frequent leaks. Since switching to Pampers Swaddlers, we have been very happy with the fit, softness, and especially the dryness!
love pampers! They gave us them in the hospital when my son was born and they are the best ones ive used. we have tried other ones but nothing compares to pampers. They fit perfect, absorb everything and are very cost effective.
Other brands I have used she has squirmed out of or leaked through. No Problems with these!
Pampers are great! Fit and absorbency is the best I have seen. I would definitely recommend them!
Wetness indicator is super convenient to have. One quick peek and we can tell right away if we need to change the diaper. Also, it's super soft fits well on our daughter.
Pampers Swaddlers are our preferred diaper, and our little one has been wearing them since she was in the NICU. I knew right away that if our hospital preferred them, then we should go that way, too. I love the color change strip that help quickly determine if she is hungry or wet - she gives us the same signals for both! We rarely, if ever, have an "accident" with them, even if she sleeps for several hours in her Swaddlers diaper. I'll be sorry when she'll grow out of them!
Pampers are the only diapers that fit her little body and keeps her happy and dry.
We have had great luck with pampers swaddlers! No blow outs or anything and we are going in 2 months. They hold alot of liquid and don't release those little gel balls like other brands.
I use these diapers at home for my newborn as well as on my patients in the hospital where I work as a registered nurse. These diapers are SO absorbent and do not irritate my son's skin. I prefer these to Huggies because when I take them off, the adhesive tabs stay away from the rest of the diaper. Because of this, it is easier for me to pop the dirty wipes into the diaper, allowing for much easier cleanup!
We tried many different diapers when our little one came home. Pampers was the ONLY one that we didn't have any leaks with. 12 hours and NO leaks! They are the best and the fit is perfect with each stage.
I got some of the swaddlers for a gift and we have been using them for 3 weeks now! We are doing cloth diapers furring the day but we are using the swaddlers at night because they keep our son so dry and he doesn't have to be changed so often. I wasn't planning on using any disposables but I think we will keep using them! Great product!
I love the smell of these diapers the most. Wetness indicator is very convenient.
Pampers swaddlers are my favorite diapers. I've tried other ones but none compare to these.
Love pampers!!! Never had a leak issue! Don't have to worry about accidents on their cute outfits.
my daughter has extremely sensitive skin and these diapers were the only ones that worked for her.
They are so soft and absorbent. Our baby is slim and these fit her perfectly. Some people complain about the strong perfume smell but I love it, smells like a baby :)
So great - as to be expected from this classic brand! The Swaddlers are so amazing - wetness protection and a great fit!
My daughter & son use pampers
My daughter is useing training pull-ups and my son is in size 1
I love the wetness indicator
After trying several other non Pamper brands and other types of diapes within the Pampers family, I came back to Swaddlers for my newborn and now three month old baby.

Can't beat the softness for a newborn baby's bottom. As an overnight diaper it works great; have not had any leaks. The tabs are long and "stretchy" enough to secure mostly all the way around the tummy for a snug fit around the thighs, for my 9 pound newborn and now 16 pounder. Although a bit more expensive than Pampers Baby Dry I plan to use Swaddlers for a bit more longer.
Never had a leak problem with these diapers. Great quality and softness.
Pampers swaddlers have never given us any problems, we highly recommend them to everyone to use.
Great for newborns and new parents. They have the wetness indicator which helps you learn what a wet diaper feels like. Helped Dad a lot!
Very good diapers. Seem very comfortable on my little girl. I use them all the time and did with my son as well.
We love the color changing indicator. It helped us to keep our baby dry. I have always trusted Pampers for all my kids.
After I had my daughter we received several different brands of diapers & Pampers Swaddlers is by far the best! They fit her comfortably, they don't leak & the yellow line that changes to blue when the diaper is wet is the best! I wish all diapers came with that! I will not buy anything but Pampers Swaddlers!

New Mom in the Midwest
The wipes are great but of all the diapers I've received, with swaddlers I have the fewest leaks.
Love the wetness indicator. Great for first time parents.
Excellent product and would recommend to all new parents
My son has been in Swaddlers since we brought him home, they're the best! At one point we tried a generic store brand because we were in a pinch, and they leaked everywhere. We use Swaddlers during the day, and Baby Dry at night now that he's sleeping longer. No leaks! Happy mom and happy baby!
We have had to return all brands so far except the swaddlers pampers! These are the only diapers that haven't leaked on us- don't know what I would do without them!
Swaddlers are the best diaper hands down. Love them!
I absolutely love how soft this product is. I am comforted that my babies aren't being scratched by the diapers. Absorbency is great and my babies rarely ever leak through.
The swaddlers diaper is the best diaper I have purchased. I would continue buying this brand until my child graduates from diapers to underwear.
In my opinion, Swaddlers are the next best thing to cloth diapers in terms of softness. I love them!
My son is 3 months old and we have been using Pampers Swaddlers since he was born. They never leak and last through the night. We have tried other diapers but found they are not as effective at absorbency. We love love love the Swaddlers and the blue strip helps us keep track of his wet diapers.
Great diapers! We swear by Pampers :) I would recommend Pampers to anyone!
Pampers are the best overall!! Can't beat them and that's why they can charge more!
Pampers are the best. They fit great, and are very absorbent!
I use these with my 3 month old. The best diapers I have tried out!
This product is great! Out of all the diapers from my baby shower these were the best!
I think that this product is a good product I love it and I recommend it two other parent.
My wife and I use pampers on my son every day. Way better then other brands
We first got them at the hospital with our first born and we loved them. Still using them with baby number 2. We have moved on to Pampers Cruisers with our oldest. Wouldn't dream of using any other brand.
I love pampers. They never leak out the jelly stuff.
I absolutely love Pampers Swaddlers! I will definitely recommend this product to all of my friends and family! The fit, absorbency, and dryness are amazing.
For my first daughter, I assumed other diapers brands were good but once I used Pampers, I feel in love with it. I, now buy Pampers diapers as well for my second daughter. I love the way for newborns, it tells you when my baby is wet and it super absorbent. I will always be a Pampers parent.
My baby is 3 months wearing size 2 diapers and they work great!!
I have used almost all brands and i know tmi but having your little baby's bowel moments coming out is not fun
This prevented from it or minimize it a lot
Im am very glad with this product
Pamper Swaddlers are the absolutebest. I have tried Huggies and hate them. Can't explain really why. They are just not Pamper Swaddlers. Pamper Swaddlers have nice big tabs unlike Huggies, and are softer. I am a Pampers Mom throughout my daughter's diaper time.
Love pampers!! I Always use them! No other brands work as well and last as long!!!
I had to use sensitive due to my baby's skin but the swaddlers very great and smelled nice. I only wish they ofered more patterns. It would be nice to look at different things when your knee deep in diapers for years!
These were the best option to fit my daughter when she was a new born. Other brands leaked and had blow-outs, but we had no issues with Pampers Swaddlers.
Pampers make great diapers. I use the swaddlers and they keep my baby boy dry with no leaks.
Between the daycare and grandparents using other name brands our experience is that Pampers have the lowest failure rate for leaking #1 or #2. I won't say it's zero but I can't recall the last time there hasn't been a FULL diaper that wasn't contained.
I use only Pampers products...I have tried the other brands and they just don't hold up as well as Pampers do!
We love the pampers baby dry for our 5 month old. These are the only diapers that he has been able to wear since he was born.
When my son was born he was 6 lbs 12 oz. These diapers fit him perfect and didn't leak/ or irritate his skin. I'll definitely use these again on my new baby once he is born!
used them with my first child and using them again with the second. love them!!
Swaddlers diapers are very soft and super absorbent. They fit well and the tabs are stretchy to ensure a good fit. I also like the convenience of the color changing wetness indicator, so no guessing if baby needs changed.
It's the only thing I use! I love the diapers and the sensitive wipes!
I love pampers swaddlers. My baby have been using since birth and she is in a size 5 now. As long as they make her size she will be in them....
I recommended pampers to a new mom in a store the other day. Pampers has always been a great fit for my boys. It's a great quality I can count on!
My daughter had reactions to several different brands of diapers when she was born except for Pampers Swaddlers. I did not want to go the cloth route of diapers because they didn't fit our family style. Pampers are a little pricier compared to other brands, but definitely worth the money!
We have tried all different types of pampers as well as other brands. Pamper swaddlers are the only ones that NEVER leaked and always fit perfectly!
Love the fit and absorbency of these diapers. They are great quality for the prices.
My little girl was comfortable in pampers diapers. I wouldn't choose any other diaper for her hiney! Wet or dry my little girl didn't complain!
I'm a mom of twins and I absolutely love pampers. I tried other brands and the babies got rashes. The twins love pampers! Will continue using pampers.
One thing I knew being a first time Mom was not to go cheap by way of diapers. I decided on Pampers Swaddlers and haven't looked back! I tried two Huggies diapers that I got free, but nothing compares. Will never buy anything else. Phenomenal!
Never leaks or lets anything out. Love the line that turns green when he pees!
Great diapers!! Have tried many other brands and none compare to pampers!!
Love, love, love pampers!! They keep my baby girl dry and comfortable!
we got several different kinds of diapers at many of our showers...we love the pampers swaddlers the best. The fit is overall much better than Huggies or any other brand we've tried.
Love pampers wouldn't go without them! My
Son has been using these sense he was born and wouldn't change brands for anything
overall great product highly recommend it fits my child very well
I would not use any other brand!! We are a p ampers family
These are the best diapers for newborns and young babies. They are super soft and I love the wet indicator line.
Love the yellow line that lets you know when the baby has wet through diaper.
Love the fit of these diapers! No leaks and keeps our little one dry during the night. Would definitely recommend Pampers to any new Mom!
I love them. My baby is happy through the entire night.
We love Pampers. Had issues with Huggies leaking with almost every diaper change. Issue solved with Pampers.
I used a few types of diapers for my first baby 10 years ago. Pampers was my favorite disposable and worked the best! I'm already stocking up on Pampers again for my 2nd baby, who is due in November!
I love this product, would recommend to every mommy!
Our Little one gets rash from other brands but not Pampers. The wet indicator makes it super easy for us to take a peak ^_^ . The material feels soft and is definitely high absorbent.
I love these pampers even the new quilted for the larger sizes are absorbent. I haven't had any other product touch on the perfection we receive form the pampers products. Never a leakage at night! Always great deal.
Thanks
I ONLY USE PAMPER'S SWADDLERS ON MY BABIES SENSITIVE SKIN!
I started using Pampers Swaddlers 7 years ago when my first daughter was born. They were the best diaper for my daughter. The fit was superb and left her dry. Diaper rash wasn't much of an issue even though I still used creams and powder. Now my second daughter was just born in May and Swaddlers is the only brand I will use. I love the new indicator line. It's dummy proof for my husband! If a store doesn't have the size I need, I will go to another store before I buy another brand! Thank you, Pampers, for making such a wonderful product!!!
Fits my little one just right. These diapers are soft and comfortable......not hard like other brands.
I have tired several different brands as a new mom. I only purchase Pampers brand.
I love the swaddlers diapers. They are so soft and never leaked. My daughter was always comfortable in them and they were the only diapers I would buy. I was so upset when she outgrew them.
We have tried other brands of diapers, including Huggies and Luvs and the costco brand, and Pampers swaddlers work the best! Our boy sleeps through the night without waking up because of a wet diaper. They hold A LOT, and have the best fit to avoid leaks! We have used the swaddlers from newborn to now 9 months.
We love these diapers, they are the perfect standard diaper!
loved them with my daughter and now I'm going to love them with my son
Pampers Swaddlers are amazing! They have a high level of absorbency, smell great, and fit my son perfectly. They are also very affordable!
Love the new swaddlers and wetness indicator. Makes it a lot easier for me to know when my daughter needs a change or if she has a wet diaper! Super absorbent as well and soft :) love them!!!
I am still very pleased with the pampers diapers!!!!
Since my son was born,he started to use this,it is very soft,very comfortable.
I have really enjoyed using Pamper diapers. They fit my son very well and give him great protection.
Swaddlers fit my newborn snug but aren't too tight. They absorb wetness pretty good and the wetness indicator is handy in letting mommy know when baby has pottied.
When my son was born we had a stock pile of every kind of diaper there is. We found that the Pampers Swaddlers diapers were the best fit for our little love. We have never experienced any leakage or overflow. I recommend Pampers Swaddlers to all new mothers I come into contact with.
These are the diapers that were used at the hospital that I delivered my baby and I fell in love with them for my son. My son is now five months old and I still use pampers for him.
We are having to use preemie diapers and out of both brands we have tried we like the Pampers best. The only improvement I would like to see is that the umbilical cord notch needs to be cut a little deeper.
I have bought nothing but pampers diapers for my baby. They are absolutely wonderful fits great and the absorbance is good as well
We've used Pampers Swaddlers since Baby B came home from the hospital and can't imagine switching. The wetness indicator is so handy and they fit snuggly. Thanks!
Pampers are my favorite! They are one of the higher priced diapers to buy, but they are worth the money. No leaks, good fit, and no chaffing on my little one like we experienced from other brands!!!! They are awesome!
I love the diapers for my baby. They fit so perfectly and my little one is happy. Happy mommy and happy baby. The fit is great and no leaks!
This product fits wonderfully especially since we have an active little girl. It also has an indicator to let you know when baby is wet. This is very helpful for my husband, because he is a 1st time dad. He is still learning, so at times with other brands he says he didn't know. Great product especially for new parents.
I love pampers swaddlers diapers. They are the only diaper that keeps my baby nice and dry. The quilted diapers keep the wetness off my baby better than any other diaper!
The wetness indicator makes me really love this product and that my baby girl never had a skin problem/rashes with this swaddlers. You get what you paid for...Happy baby, happy mommy!!!
Pampers swaddled fit my newborn well from weights 6-10lbs with few leaks.
The baby dry diapers are terrific for overnight because of their absorbency
I tried to use another name brand diaper and there were too many 'blow outs'. Pampers work the best for my child.
Swaddlers are the only infant diapers I will use. Used em 8 years ago for my first and just recently for my new one! Def love Swaddlers!!!
I love these diapers! Especially as a new mom because you weren't always sure if they had gone to the bathroom so you would just check for a blue line! So helpful for me!
The hospital got us hooked on these. The wetness indicator is so helpful when you don't want to disturb your newborn to see if they're wet. I don't know about them being "new and improved" since we used them when our first was born 4 years ago and again with our new baby (born in February) and they seem pretty much the same.
We love pampers they keep our baby fresh and clean.
The pampers swaddlers are great for newborns and toddlers! I especially love the yellow strip that turns blue when the diaper needs to be changed! My daughter is 5 months old and goes 12 hours during the night without being changed and the diaper is so absorbent!
I recently had my second child, and my first child is ten years older than the new baby. Pampers Swaddlers have always been the only diaper that I have used and trusted and they still are. They quality never disappoints.
We were given Pampers Swaddlers in the hospital and I have been using them ever since! They are soft, non-irritating on my little one's skin. The only thing I would change about them is the back panel. I feel like it's a bit loose (at least on my babe) and his explosions tend to go up out the back. But I still love these diapers.
Other cheaper off brands saved me a little money, but gave me trouble when it came to locking in the 1 and 2. If you prefer fewer headaches buy these and you won't be disappointed. baby's skin looks great, and no leaks.
I use baby dry for bedtime, my daughter never wakes up from being wet. And her clothes are never wet when she wakes up. I love baby dry. If I used any other diaper her clothes would be soaked in the morning.
I have bought Pampers Swaddlers since my baby was born. I tried another kind once and she got terrible diaper rash and I haven't gone anywhere but pampers again. I very rarely have had any leaking and overall I absolutely love these diapers!!!!
Due do my baby being allergic reaction to other diapers, pampers are the only diapers he can ware.
Pampers are soft and gentle, most important my baby no longer gets rashes :D. They absorb very well, I don't even have to change his diaper during the night. I love all of Pampers products! :D
We used another brand for my first baby, but we were pleasantly surprised at the hospital with the unique features of the swaddlers (blue line when wet, curve for umbilical cord stump, nice fit) and so we were hooked on pampers.
No other diaper beats Pampers Swaddlers! we love them!
I love the Swaddlers. We were given different brands at our baby shower and we loved the Swaddlers. They are very absorbent and soft. My son had a diaper rash while in the hospital. (They used a different brand.) When we changed to pampers the rash went away.
My daughter would break out into rashes with all other brand of wipes and diapers but pampers sensitive has been a godsend. Thank you for a quality product
I've tried a few different diapers but always went back to pampers Swaddlers. I love them! My sons a size 4 now and I'm hoping the size 5 will fit him until potty training! Lol
Truely a great diaper. Fits great and is very comfortable
My son has no problem filling up these diapers and they can keep up with what he dishes out.
pampers are great, but i can buy huggies that are just as great for cheaper.
The newborn size swaddlers fit my daughter perfectly. Never had to worry about leaks.
I have been using swaddlers since the day my daughter was born. Love them
I've use this on my first son and buying in more for my expecting baby girl.
I've been using Pampers Swaddlers Sensitive on my daughter since the day she was born. I have had very few leaks and therefore find them reliable. I also love the wetness indicator strips which are really handy, especially when they are young.
Pampers Swaddlers were reccommended to me by a friend when I had my first baby 11 months ago. I won't use anything but Pampers! Now trying out the Cruisers and love those too!
Swaddlers are nice & absorbent and clean for little babes
We've been using pampers swaddlers since our little miracle was born. He was tiny and needed the premie diapers for quite a while in the beginning. He's still in the newborn size now and he's 2 1/2 months. We've been happy with the absorbency of them. The fit is good, not great, for us. It might be because out little guy was so tiny and had absolutely no chub or body fat, he had quite a few leaky diapers in the first few weeks....I think even the premie diapers were quite big and loose on him. He was born at 5lbs. 3 oz. and went down to 4lbs.11oz. He's gained weight now though and fills out the newborn diapers well. He's almost 9lbs. now. We don't have many leaks anymore, only an occasional one every few weeks it seems, usually when he's on his side nursing or laying down, just comes out the sides and edges sometimes. But we like them and will continue using them.
I love Pampers Swaddlers. I have tried other brands that were less expensive. The other brands let me down each time. Pampers Swaddlers was the only brand that didn 't leak overnight. My son can sleep 11 hours without waking up and Pampers didn't leak.
I love pampers products, excellent quality for my dollar. My little one is so comfy in them and always dry. The wetness indicator stripe is brilliant!
I have a 4 month old and only use pampers swaddlers. I've tried other brands and none of them compare to pampers. I love how they keep her clean and dry with minimal leaks.
I'm on my 3rd child. Usually I buy small quantities of diapers at 1st because 2 out of 3 children are VERY sensitive. Both of my girls get rashes and bad. My youngest has used pampers sensitive because they do not irritate her body. Would def recommend and use again
I can express how great your products are. My baby is always extremely comfortable :) thanks!
These were the only diapers that fit my baby girl when she was a preemie. She's now in the newborn size and they still fit and work great! She tends to blow-out other diapers faster than the Pampers and they aren't as dry on her skin as these are. These diapers have really worked well for us!!
My wife and I would recommend this brand of diaper to any new parents. We have used these for both of our young kids.
I had no idea when I was to change my baby and the indicator made it obvious! I loved them. Would definitely recommend to new parents. They also kept my baby very dry and fit perfectly
I tried several different diaper brands and Pampers Swaddlers were by far the best. The never leaked, are soft and stretchy, and the color indicator line makes determining if baby is wet dummy proof. I will never buy a different brand!
This is by far my favorite newborn diaper. The wetness indicator is really nice. We didn't have leaks with the Swaddlers like we did with other brands. These are soft and absorbent.
We've tried other brands but Pampers has been the only one that doesn't leak and it is the best fit our girl.
I have three boys; 6 yr, 4 yr, and 19mon. When I had the first one, just like other new moms I searched the best one for my baby. I ended up with Pampers. When I had the second, without any hesitation, it was Pampers. When I had the third one, budget money was tight and I tried anything available, even cheap ones. Then, I saw difference immediately. Diaper reddish and bad skins all around the diaper area. Son, I am back to Pampers. No negotiation. Now I'd like to add "absorption" quality which is also related with bad skins.
I love Pampers Swaddlers. They're a little pricier than most other diapers, but worth the extra money. The only thing that kinda bothers me is that when my baby has a soiled diaper and it's not changed right away, the mesh lining sticks to his butt. I guess that's the trade off for being so absorbent.
Pampers swaddlers provides the best fit for my baby and does the best job at keeping her as dry as possible throughout the night.
My family loves using Pampers products, especially the One and Done wipes! They are amazing!
Our daughter is our 1st child and I had no clue what diapers to use. After she was born the hospital used swaddlers on her and I loved the wetness line on them. She has never had a bad case of diaper rash because of this. Thanks Pampers.
I love pamper swaddlers my son is 9 months and thats all I use. I also have a 16 year old daughter and that is how long I have been using pampers.
These diapers keep my little one dry all night because she has to drink two bottles before bed and nothing is worse than finding a wet baby and bed in the morning.
Great soft diapers! Never leaks thru!! I will never buy a different brand than Pampers!!!
When our son was born we received many different diapers. Some where cheaper but none were better than Pampers swaddlers! They fit nice and snug, hold everything in all night long, they are soft and are less bulky under clothing. I love them! And I will never buy different diapers.
I am in love with the pampers swaddlers. They are so soft and feel comfortable to touch that it makes me happy knowing my baby is wearing them. I can see myself buying these for a long time, and the price when combined with coupons is amazing! Great buy and highly recommended.
I love pampers product. I would defiantly recommend this to my friends and family
Pampers are by far the best quality diapers on the market and are perfect for my son's sensitive skin!
My son was born at 35 weeks. He needed to stay at NICU for 2 weeks till he could drink milk by himself. I remembered the first day I changed his diaper at there. I was so excited and nervous when the NICU nurse asked me to change his diaper. My son was so little and looked frangible. Having to fold the "Size N" Swaddlers diaper in half and even that was big on my 4 pounds baby. I changed his diaper every time when I visited at NICU. Then, I found out that my son feels comfortable to wear Swaddlers diapers.(No diaper rash or leaking!) Lately he wears "Size 1" now! I enjoy changing Swaddlers diapers everyday and I'm looking forward to having my son's graduation day of diapers!
We tried a lot of different types of diapers and always came back to swaddlers. They absorbed the best, fit both the kids (girl and a boy) well, and the line on the front was nice for knowing when they were wet. Also my daughter had allergic reactions to some diapers but never with the softer swaddlers. Was very happy to see go to size 5 now.
Iloved the swaddler product from pampers. Great quality
I had been buying swaddlers since my baby was a newborn and decided to try to save some money by switching to baby dry. I regretted my decision. The swaddlers are so much softer and seem to fasten better around my baby's legs. I also love the fact that the swaddlers have the blue line that lets you know IF your baby is wet and gives you an idea of HOW wet!
Very absorbent! The color line indicator is a nice feature.
Absolutely love Pampers Swaddlers and Pampers Wipes!
Great product! Fits baby perfectly! Helps daddy know when it's time to change her without him having to "peek" inside :)
Couldn't be happier with this product! Would definitely recommend this product to anyone!
I love swaddles. They seem to have the best fit and don't get stinky when baby goes #1 like some other diapers.
Best diapers I have tried so far. We love the indicator that tells you when diaper is full.
Pampers has always been my number one pick when it comes to diapers for my son. I wouldn't use other brands if given the chance. I'm a pampers buyer for life!! :)
We have tried so many different diapers but always come back to swaddlers BC they are the most reliable diapers out there. Never a leak. Ever.
Only diapers we have used for our babies. Great quality
First baby and pampers are the only products I use. Every other diaper he leaked out of. Swaddlers are a perfect fit and very soft on his precious tush.
Love pampers swaddlers. Used them for both my baby girls. Kept them super dry and kept them from getting diaper rashes
Swaddlers are our favorite diapers. We have returned all the other diapers we were given to exchange for swaddlers. First time mom here so we weren't sure what brand we would like but Pampers Swaddlers are our favorite!!! Highly recommend them.
We like pampers swaddled best. Good fit no leaks unless they are ready for the next size that's how we know lol.
It's soft and very absorbent. No leakage so far! My baby tends to move a lot but pampers still stays put.
I have 3 children and I have always used Pampers. Sure I tried other brands but ALWAYS went back to Pampers. Pampers was the only brand that would not leak at night, always kept my baby dry during the day and never gave my children any irritations. I love and will always love Pampers.

Thank you!
A very happy customer :)
Swaddler is soft and therefore is the best for little babies.
These are great for small infants. They are very soft and comfortable. They keep your baby dry and happy.
My 6 month old son, who sleeps 12 hours a night, rarely has leaks. Cannot say the same for huggies!
Pampers Swaddlers are the only diapers my children use (I've got a 21-month-old and a 3-month-old)! They fit my babies extremely well (my kids are on the smaller side). The Swaddlers provide full coverage around the legs and up the back (where other brand diapers tend to fall short!) To prevent blow-outs from occurring, spread the outermost layer of the diaper out (the part running all the way around the leg opening); I've found that this works great in keeping everything contained. Most importantly, Pampers Swaddlers are very absorbent, and after a day's worth of diaper changes, my kids' clothes are still dry. We have happy mama and clean, comfortable, dry kids here!
Pampers swaddlers have been our choice since day one. They fit great; the wetness indicator is very helpful; very soft and comfortable for baby. Great every day diaper!
Great product, great absorbency, and it keep my baby dry. You don't need to worry about leaking.
Great diapers. Good fit and very absorbent. Love the wet sensor
Absorbent, reliable, dry. What more can I say.....
Great products, love them all. I love Pampers!!!!!
Great product. Always keeps the baby dry! Like the cute designs and very easy to use!
Pampers have always been my number 1 choice for all three of my little ladies & I would recommend that all parents use all Pamper Brand items!
Pampers is the best quality diaper out there, they are soft and absorbant.
great diapers, only diapers i trust for my son. It will fit him all night and he will stay dry all night.
When my son was born Swaddlers were the first diapers I used for him and loved them. When he outgrew them I went on to using Cruisers because Swaddlers was no longer available for his size.

Once Swaddlers became available in bigger sizes I swtiched right back to them. I love the softness the absorbency and flexability it has.

Swaddlers only comes up to size 5 and soon I will have to switch again. I hope they consider even bigger sizes.

I would highly recommend these diapers to any parent.

Mom of 3 :)
I am so glad to finally be through with the huggies that ppl bought me at my baby shower. They leak every time my son pees. With pampers my son can stay dry all night long. They fit better as well. I would definitely recommend pampers.
pampers are a great quality product as usual .....i always buy pampers swaddles diapers it keep my baby dry and happy.......
We have tried other diapers and the swaddlers have the best fit for my baby. They keep her dry and comfortable all day. Plus we love the blue indicator to notify us when she is wet. This is a great product.
This product is great! I've never used any other type of diapers on my baby and we've been able to avoid diaper rashes. I strongly recommend using this brand over any other. The wetness indicator is also very helpful
I love these diapers and I also love the wetness indication awesome
I love Pampers Swaddlers. They are so soft. My two month old baby girl had shots and other diapers were too stiff on her legs. Pampers made changing her so much easier and comfortable for my sweetie!
These diapers are by far my favorite. So soft next to baby's skin and very absorbent. They even have a soft baby powder smell. My only complaint is that they are a little pricey but still worth the extra few dollars!
BEST diaper by far! My baby girl can sleep through the night without a change.
I have tried several other brands in the past. Pampers are the only diapers that keep my kiddos dry and do not stink when wet! I have been very happy with Pampers now for over 6 years! 2 kiddos later :)
These are a great diaper. The are great on absorbency.
I love using Pampers because of the great quality!
The Pampers Swaddlers are never a struggle! My daughter doesn't seem to mind when we change her. Also, the wet indicator is a life-saver!
They are a great product for a diaper these are the only diapers my son wears!! :)
I have tried other brands and was just not satisfied with them. I've found that Pampers works and that is all I buy.
Really the only diaper I will put on my newborns. The hospital recommended and they are great. Love the indicator and they are super soft. Would recommend to any new mom.
My baby was born 5 weeks early and only weighed 3 lbs. Pampers swaddlers in preemie small were the only diapers small enough for my little girl.
Out of all the diapers we tried for my daughter swaddlers were my favorite!
love how the wetness meter reads on diapers.great for new moms
The diapers are a perfect fit for little tykes! Minimal leakage and no skin irritation are of utmost importance and Pampers passes the test with flying colors!
At our house we are pampers lovers. We have tried other diapers and sad to say our little one would rash out and cry. We tried pampers and she's been happy ever since. Rash free and nice and dry.
We love pampers, yes we do! We love pampers, how about you?!
One of the best parts of pampers swaddlers is the softness.
Fit my little girl perfect & comfy. No leaks or bad odor from these diapers.
Pampers diapers are the best diapers in the market. All others come up short.
The diapers are Great, they perfectly fit and hardly leak.
Have used swaddlers from the beginning and never had a problem. I wish there was a newborn and half size.
I absolutely love using pampers diapers and do recomend them to other. They make my baby happier than other diapers.
I love the line that tells you when they need their diaper changed, although sometimes it is obvious!
Used these when my baby was born. Loved them over huggies.
My daughter is 2 and a half weeks old. We have been using the pampers regular swaddler diapers and have not had any blow outs. Several of our friends have used other brands before and we heard their stories. I am happy that we chose this brand. So far it is doing it job.
Our daughter was born at 34 weeks gestitation and spend 12 days in the NICU, our NICU used Pampers and so did we when we went home. After being at home and using Pampers we see why hospitals and parents choose Pampers diapers. The Swaddlers are so soft and pulls every bit of wetness away from her bottom. The color changing indicator was very nice since the diaper pulls the wetness sometimes you can't tell she is wet. We are now a happy, healthy 5 month old moving into size 2 and i will continue to use Pampers Swaddlers untill she is potty trained.
They fit my baby perfect and keep him so dry! Love that there is a sensitive brand perfect for his delicate skin.
I love Pamper diapers. The fit is so wonderful and they don't leak!
I personally have tried different leading brand of diapers for my son and Pampers always out on top. I was first introduced to Pampers at the Hospital I gave birth in and I loved then there was no leaks. The indicator that pamper swaddlers has is great for new parents like my self while you get the hang of it. I would definitely buy these as a gift for a Friend and would recommend them
Love pampers diapers. Especially the swaddlers! Fit is great.
Fit is great and quality is excellent! I would only trust this brand on my babies.
I love these diapers. Besides the fact that they change color when wet, they do a great job of holding everything in. The mesh liner is also very helpful for keeping bowel movements away from baby's skin. They fit very snug. These are my favorite diaper.
I love this product. They are very comfortable on the baby and the color-changing indicator is convenient.
The swaddlers are my favorite brand for a newborn! They are so soft and the have the convenient "I'm dirty" stripe that turns green when your little one is dirty...so awesome! Especially for new parents!
Pampers absorb consistently well and keep baby comfortable.
I will always buy pampers diapers for any of my future children!!
These diapers are the first ones I ever put on my son. Right after he was born, the hospital gave us a package and I absolutely love them! They fit great, no accidents, and they are super soft. I love the umbilical cord cutout, and the wetness indicator. I would definitely recommend Pampers Swaddlers to any mom! :)
Absolutely love pampers. They are great, fit great and they even make premie diapers
I absolutely love pampers swaddlers. I have used them since my daughter was born 2 months ago and I have never experienced a leak yet. I highly recommend them to all mothers.
Great product worth paying a little more for a reliable product:)
I've tried other brands and nothing compares to the softness and dryness this diaper has. I only want the best for my baby's skin!
Pampers Swaddlers are great for new parents because the blue line indicator is great for checking a diaper at any time. During early morning hours, when baby is still sleeping, there's no need to wake the baby just to check. You can simply look for the blue line. No line, no wet diaper.

Other diapers that do not have the indicator line force you to sniff out a dirty diaper, which can be downright embarrassing or just plain gross.

I love Swaddlers and will continue to use them.
Great absorbency and product overall. One thing i would change is that for newborn sizes, it would be nice for it to scallop down where the umbilical cord will hit the diaper waistline (like huggies does). Love the wet indicator, great for new parents like us!
It is a great quality. Best for ur little one. Awesome
As a mother and early childhood educator I have changed my fair share of diapers of all brands. Pampers have always been the most absorbent and stay in place as the child moves preventing leakage. I will always buy the pamper brand and recommend them to all moms!
The diaper is comfortable for my newborn! When she had her umbilical cord the newborn diaper had a curve towards the middle where the belly button would be to keep away from harming the belly button cord. The changing indicator helped me know to change her diaper when wet because the absorption kept the diaper dry so I couldn't tell if it was wet by touching sometimes!
Pampers are the only diaper that my munchin can wear and make it through a full 9 hours sleeping at night in without leaking :)
Very best products from all diapers we have used before.
No other diaper can out do Pampers quality! Worth the price!
Love pampers!! I will use these any day over huggies!!
The swaddlers have improved since I used them with my daughter. The wetness indicator is a great addition. Also they seem to keep him drier than the baby dry.
Our 6 month old has been sleeping through the night. Pampers has helped us keep her dryer than other brands. We're very impressed. Thank you
We have been using pampers since day one and are now in size 4. They fit great for our LO and are easy on her skin. I love the pampers overnight diapers! They are very absorbent and really do keep our little girl dry all night long.
Great diaper, but unfortunately $$$. Regardless, I still purchase these for my son.
I la la love these diapers for a newborn! The wetness indicator is a lifesaver as a new parent! Amazing! Just having that visual cue as a new mom was wonderful, and for the daddy too! Would not use a different diaper on a newborn,
My husband and I love pampers swaddlers. Our daughter has slept 8-10 hours every night since birth. We received a number of different diaper brands at our shower and found that only pampers swaddlers would allow our daughter to sleep through the night in the same diaper without the typical blow outs associated with other brands. In my opinion, they're worth every penny!
Diapers are super soft, and comfortable, they absorb a lot of liquid.
Pampers were the first diapers put on our son and j would not change that for anything. They are affordable and fit our son perfectly, even as he grows! I love the wetness indicator too! I wouldn't let any other diaper touch my son!
Best brand of pampers to buy. Perfect for every boy or girl.
Love pampers products could use a little tighter fit in the waist. Love the smell :)
We started with Pampers, but as we ran out of what we had been given as gifts, we gave the other brands we also received, a chance. None could compare to the softness and absorbency of Pampers. We plan to use Pampers again with baby on the way.
Pampers swaddlers work the best for my toddler girl. We have used them since she was born. No leaks, hold up really well and the indicator line is more useful than one would guess. I've tried other brands and keep coming back to pampers, the others just dont hold as much and then we get leaks or constant changes.
i have always loved pampers brand diapers. used them for my twins after trying all other name brands and by far pampers were the best.
My daughter went though every brand of diaper on the market. The others leaked around the legs or back while she slept. The cheaper diapers weren't observant enough and woke her in the middle of the night due to wetness. I only by Pampers -- even for other's at baby showers!
We have used Swaddlers for the most part since my 7mo old daughter was born. This is what was used in the hospital were at.
They held up through the night and fit really well. I would definitely recommend trying them out.
We tried other brands and the fit just wasn't right or there were blowouts. We always came back to Pampers.
They are by far the best diapers. I have tried other name brands and my son leaked thru them constantly. Very soft!
I remember feeling disapointed with my last baby when I learned that swaddlers weren't made in the larger sizes. The swaddlers are so soft and just scream baby. Thrilled to have them in the larger sizes now. Thanks!!!
Pampers always has fit my son the best and definitely holds up the best overnight.
Pampers Swaddlers Diapers Are The Best Diapers, It Does Not Irritate My Son Bottom. It Is Very Easy And Hands On. It Keeps Everything In One Diaper To Easily Change. Love It! And Its Cheap At Walmart.:-)
I was given different brands of diapers at my baby shower, and from newborn to now 19 months and 23 pounds my favorite is Pampers Swaddlers! Others leak or actually I've had #2 leakage! Ewe!!! But not with swaddled! Siri won't let me spell it right!
Anywho... These are the best, I have a boy... Don't know about girls!
I've tried other brands, and I always end back up with Pampers Swaddlers cuz they work!
we love it! the rewards help us a lot... thanks!!!
We have 3 kids, ages 8,2, and almost 1, 2 boys and one girl and in the last 8 years pampers swaddlers have been the best for new born babies for me and all my friends children too! I have tried almost every store brand in our area and other leading diaper brands, but these are still the best!
Swaddlers are the best diapers for newborns. Not only are they soft, which is important for newborns especially, but they fit the best on both of my babies. The quality of these diapers is worth paying a little more for, especially since you aren't going through extra diapers because of leaks. Our family loves swaddlers!
I love the wetness indecator it helps me to keep my baby clean and dry. The sent of the diaper is fresh and clean I love that they make her smell as if she just had a bath. They are good for over night use as well!
As a new mom I know that I do not have to worry about leaks or any accidents, because with pamper swaddlers you will not have these issues. The first time I used a different diaper my son wet through. Using pampers swaddlers gives me peace of mind, and one less thing to worry about.
we love it!! the rewards help us a lot... thanks!!
Pampers swaddlers fit my 6 week old daughter one hundred times better than any other brand that we have tried. We recommend Pampers to all of our friends!
These are my fav. They are great value and great quality.
These diapers are amazing...they are soft and fit perfectly around my baby's legs and belly. They are very absorbent! They are very soft on her skin and don't irritate her at all.
These are by far my favorite diapers! I have tried others and they just aren't as good as these.
My baby boy is 6 1/2 months old, and we continue to use pampers swaddlers. We have tried other brands and they just don't compare to the excellent quality of Pampers. My baby will sleep longer with the Swaddlers, and has not had diaper rash since using the diapers. We absolutely love them!
My son is 16 months old and I will only use swaddlers for overnight. They are great because of how absorbent they are. I love the blue wet line; especially when the babies are so small. Overall great quality diaper!!!
My daughter has very sensitive skin. We only use pampers because they are the only brand that doesn't break her out!
This diapers are very Good for my baby.they don't give rash to my baby
I prefer to use these diapers over any other! They very very rarely leak or "overflow" even overnight. Other diaper brands consistently have me issues and never quite fit right on my baby. The swaddlers are very soft and the mesh lining is very helpful when she has messier or liquid poops as it wicks some of that away from her bottom. Overall swaddlers are a great diaper all around.
These are the vest quality pampers. They have great absorbency and prove to work very well with my very active newborns. I'm very pleased with pampers products and I definitely plan to continue purchasing other pampers products
We love the softness and absorbency that these diapers offer. It's also nice to have the wetness indicator line.
Worth the money best brand out there would tell anyone to buy the
We have tried several different diaper brands including the expensive "organic, bleach-free" ones from the health food store. These are the best overall diapers for daytime use. We use the "Baby Dry Pampers" for overnight.
These and the sensitive brand work great... No leaks and great wetness indicator
I'm using this diapers for my 4 month baby girl from Hospital. At her 2month i changed to Snug and Dry, because her poo poo leaked on her back. But it smells bad and it is not soft like this. I think this is the best diapers for Newborns.
I have been using exclusively pampers with my baby and it's been the best choice ever. These diapers are super soft for his skin and he has never gotten a rash since we started using them. They fit him perfectly for his weight. They are super absorbent. The only time that I tried using another brand he got a rash and I never used those again. I won't change pampers for anything.
I have five children and Pampers has always been my preferred brand of diapers. Now, as a proud grandmother I know Pampers will continue to provide a high quality product for our new generation.
Pampers Swaddlers keeps my baby dry for long hours and the diapers smell fresh :-) !
Excellent product and great quality for the price!
No leaks through out the day or at night. It has an wetness indicator strip for new parents. Inside they have an absorbent soft cotton and added netting to catch all the running mess, plus a cotton fabric outside that gives a soft feel to the diapers. We love them!
I have baby sat many children over the years, so as a first time mom, I knew exactly what diapers not to buy. I started buying pampers swaddlers after I had my baby and I (and my husband) love them. I love them because of the good fit and no leaks. He likes the yellow indicator line which lets him know its time to change that diaper.
1st pamper my twins used and first diaper their young brother used. Love pampers never used any other!
am a first time mom and I live pampers. We got a variety of diapers at our shower but these are my favorite!!!
Sure, store brands save a few dollars and I once was one of those moms. Pampers Swaddlers are, hands down, the only diaper that can handle the volume boys produce. They don't leak and the color changing strip is wonderful for the newborn stage.
These are the best diapers I've used!! Keeps my boy dry and comfortable! Rarely leaks even when he goes a lot!
My little one use these swaddlers diaper since he was born. Its been absorbed really well; proof leak! I tried many different brands of diapers they are not good of proof leak as this Pamper Swaddlers. Love these product and GREAT buy!!!
I've tried other brands before with my first children, and I find myself going back to Pampers...
These fit great on my baby girl and they stay absorbent through the night!
These are the best diapers!! They fit my daughter perfectly and keep her cleaner than any other diaper I have used.
When I brought my newborn home I had her in pampers swaddlers. They seemed like a fairly good diaper. After she got out of newborns and into size 1, I wasn't so pleased. I did not like how they fit her and they left marks around her legs no matter how loose I made her diaper, it continued to happen. I then switched to huggies until she went into size 2. I had a pack of pampers and didn't want them to go to waist and figured I would try them again...And boy am I so happy I did. They fit amazingly on my baby girl now and I have no problem with them. I actually don't like the other brand as much as I did now and always get Pampers!
I used these wipes on my newborn. At first I was using another brand of diapers and wipes and my son had skin issues. Since switching to pampers sensitive wipes and diapers he has no issues. The diapers are super absorbent, only issue is that the mesh sticks to his bottom sometimes...even with frequent changes. But I still love them.
I love pampers because of the snug fit...it reminds me of a cloth diaper sort of kind of...the absorbency is excellent..
I've tried so many other brands. I'm a Pampers mom!
My baby girl never leaked and these held up really well. I only buy pampers!
Being a first time mom, I've tried many different diaper brands to find what I like and this is my favorite of all. great absorbency and the wetness indicator is very helpful.
Both my boys only use Pampers Swadders. Gotten them different Brands for friends of ours. But none can square off with our favorite.
These are great diapers. They were perfect to use as a first time mom.
These diapers have the best fit by far. They are also one of the best odor containing diaper. My baby no longer smells everytime she has a wet diaper
I use the Pampers swaddlers on my newborn. They always fit perfect, don't leak and have that clean baby fresh smell. I will always chose Pampers over other brands of diapers!
I am a brand new mother and had no clue what diaper to buy my son. Initially, I started out with the Pampers swaddlers as that was what was provided in the hospital. I had nothing to compare the diapers to so I started to use the diapers provided from our babyshower and tried those on him. I have to say I was very please with Pampers swaddlers. They are a great quality diaper. My favorite part of the diaper is the indicator in the front that turns a bluefish green when wet.
I have tried three different brands of diapers and Pampers Swaddlers diapers are by far the best. They don't leak and last all night!
This product is recommended for all babies. since my grandchild was born up to this date she has not suffered from diaper rash and its very soft on her skin and very flexible for all her movements.
These diapers are great. Pampers are the only ones I use for my baby from newborn on. I love the way the fit and how they tell you if it's wet or not. Just all around great diapers. 10/10
The best of its kind...does a great job...I don't use anything else!
At first I was hesitant to purchase the Pamper Swaddlerbrand. Once I realized that Pampers Swaddlerwas the brand that the hospital I gave birth to used for the new borns I was pretty much sold. My son just turned 2 months on Oct 6th and he is still using size new born (he was born 2 weeks early and pretty small [under 6 pounds]). In the next couple of weeks or so he will move up to size 1. The Pampers Swaddler fits perfect, no leakage. What I like most about the Pamper Swaddler is the little strip that lets you know if the diaper is wet.
I've been using this brand of diapers for eight years. They are the same great quality as they were back then. I love the fact that they hold up great above any other brand that I've tried. I love the fact that I don't have to worry about waking up in the middle of the night and my child clothes are wet because his diaper is full. They absorbs a lot without the mess.
These are the only diapers that fit my son right! I won't ever switch to a different brand!
My baby boy was born 6 weeks early and these papers work good for him. I love these pampers
Other diaper brands i tried in the premie size had a tendency to fall off or barley fit but pampers made them perfect. My favorite diapers by far.
My son has used these from the beginning! We tried others but they seemed to break him out. These have been the best diapers! So glad they go up to size 6!!
We love Swaddlers! They are so soft and durable. We have made our choice and do not plan on switching anytime soon. Thanks Pampers!
These diapers are great! They fit well & you really get great quality for the money. No diaper rashes & have been using them since my little one was born.
I learned really quick with my first child that the type of diapers you use matters! I was so happy when I discovered pampers swaddles and will never have to switch diapers again! I love the extra liner and the blue line for wetness. I also like that they are now available in size six, this was not the case when I had my little girl and I am thankful I have no worries of what diaper to use as my little boy grows :)
These are definitely my favorite diapers to use on my son! I love knowing that I can put my son in his crib for the night and not have to worry if he is going to leak out of them. The wetness indicator is awesome as well. I plan on using these diapers until my son is no longer using them!
We've started with Pampers Swaddlers in the hospital and have continued ever since, with the exception of a couple other brands that were given as shower gifts that didn't measure up to Pampers. These diapers have great comfort for my little one, they don't leak and they hold a good amount of what they should. I definitely get my moneys worth every time. The designs are a bonus, as Sesame Street is my favorite! 5 out of 5 stars every time!
My daughter is now 2 months old and these diapers have not leaked once. Even through the night of her 5 hour stretch of sleeping, they never leak through. Great quality. :-)
we absolutely love the pampers swaddlers they absorb well and are soft on babies skin
Work great! No leaks, no blowouts. Better than Huggies.
Pampers Swaddlers are the best diapers. pampers is the only brand my heavy wetter doesnt leak in.
I have yet to have any leaks or blow outs! And they fit so well!
Our son is 3 months old and we have only used these....We are running out of huggies wipes cant wait to to start using pamper wipes....
I love these diapers! This is the diaper our hospital used and sent us home with. I love how soft they are! Perfect for newborns sensitive skin. The wetness indicator is also awesome for new parents and new babies. This is one of my favorite diapers of the ones I've tried! We will continue to buy these diapers.
Pampers are the best diapers for my little guy. They fit much better than the major competitor, which prevents leaks. Also on those blessed nights where my baby sleeps through the night I don't have to worry about him being uncomfortable, because his diaper doesn't feel wet on his sensitive skin! The one package of diapers that I did have a problem with pampers was quick to rectify the problem.
I'm A NEW MOM AND I HAVE TRIED EVERYTHING. THE FIRST TIME I USED THESES I ATTACHED . I WOULDN'T CHANGE FOR ANYTHING
The absorb better than off brand diapers. I love the character on the pampers diapers.
Swaddler diapers are my favorite diapers. It keeps my daughter dry and doesn't irritate her skin. Also, it allows her to move freely . Swaddler diapers is one of the best products Pampers produced
I use these exclusively. My daughter is 15 months and it really helps
With diaper rash. Great value and great product. She stays dry overnight for 12 hours.
My dd is very sensitive to diapers and swaddlers are the only ones that do not cause severe break outs!
Love these diapers! Over night sleeping leaves my baby with a full diaper in the morning, and with swaddlers there's no leaks or even diaper rashes! Super soft and comfy :)
Soft and very absorbent product! Great quality and durability!
I love pampers swaddlers they are the best diaper, I have used. I have bought other brands because they were cheaper but will def spend the extra money on these
People have given up various types of diapers , but we always return to the swaddlers, they are everything we need in a diaper and generally contain a bad blow out.
Only diapers my daughter uses. Love them never pees through them
I didn't think it'd suit my son well but I was proven wrong by pampers .. Great for a little mover ..
We are fist time parents and bought pampers swaddlers for our newborn. We are very pleased with the quality of Pampers diapers compared to other leading diaper brands. We plan to continue purchasing Pampers exclusively in the future because you can't go wrong with this brand!
I won't use any other diaper on my daughter! These diapers fit her just right and I've never had any leaking issues. I love how they aren't a stiff diaper. They seem comfortable.
Pampers are the best diapers! My friends always used luvs on their babies but once I tried pampers I was hooked. The way the swaddlers are made help keep everything locked in and fit my baby perfect.
When I became a mom I was dead set on luvs! When the hospital gave me pampers I was like ehhh but I love pampers! They have the high back which I love so nothing leaks out. 5 stars all the way!!
pampers is a great product with excellent absorbency and moreover provides great comfort to the baby without bothering them.
There are various diaper options and Swaddlers is perfect for new mom's. The wet diaper indicator line helped/prompted me to know when to change my baby's diaper. Now I'm confifent and ready to move on to Cruisers!
I love love this product!! I have tried only one other product and I'm glad I did. I know why would I say that but the reason why is because of that one bad product lead me to the right one !! Pampers is the best choice I ever made for my baby girl. For being a first time mom I had to pick the right choice for her I hated the one I was introduced to first, and I wished someone had told me all about this product and how wonderful it is. Also, I don't have to worry about leaking or anything so make sure your not like me and know that pampers is the right choice to start off
our only choice of diaper for our daughter. She has been in swaddlers from birth to size 4. We had no problem at all and love the indicate line to help us with diaper change. love the softness and perfect snug fit.
I used a different brand for my first child and it kept leaking through even when the diaper wasn't that full so I switched to a different brand and sometimes the straps would tear off if you pulled on it so I decided to try Pampers brand and I had no problems, it never leaked though or tore so now with my second child it was an obvious choice to choose pampers because they are nothing but the best! :)
I absolutely love the swaddlers diapers. They fit my son perfectly and i havent had an issue. Keep up the great work.
Very soft diaper. The color-changing wetness indicator is very helpful. I would recommend this product.
I've been using these diapers from the first moment my twins were born. From the hospital to the last diaper change! I've had absolutely no problems with them and love the soft feeling they have! Not sure why anyone would use something different after using pampers!
I love the yellow line so we can tell if they peed or pooped.
My son has been a pampers baby since his birth. They work wonderfully. Dad made the mistake of purchasing another name brand due to a sale price. Needless to say we used up all the diapers but once they were gone he swore to never make the mistake again. The pampers vs the other brand... No contest better wetness protection bar none.
I love pampers because they are a great fit for my baby and they great with dryness especially when your baby happen to have a diaper on a while. I would most definitely recommend this product to anyone and everyone. Great diaper.......
I've tried huggies, luvs, even some store brand and nothing seems to work for my daughters even tried the pampers baby dry and she didn't take to them i remembered the hospital used the swaddlers so i gave them a go again and THANK GOODNESS so far they're great for my daughter.
Pampers was great 21 years ago when the last of my three sons was born and is perfect now that we have a newborn daughter. They keep the wetness away from her skin and easy to tell whether she is wet or not by the color strip. We are finishing up our third case and they have not leaked at all. Thank you Pampers for taking care of all four of my babies then and now!
We've tried Huggies, Luvs, off brand, even other Pampers brand diapers. Pampers are great, and our absolute favorite diapers are Swaddlers! Definitely recommend to any mom out there! My only complaint is the price!
Pampers are the best diapers there are. I have tried every other brand and Pampers are the only ones who has met my expectations.
My son is 3 months and we have switched from sensitive to regular pampers and are very pleased! Not only do they keep him dry they don't iritate his sensitive skin even though they are not the "sensitive" line.
Sooo much better than the other brands. The wet strip is nice for an easy indication in on the go occasions
I have used Pampers Swaddlers for both of my children and they are by far the best ones on the market. I've found that they are much more absorbent than any competitor.
Love pampers swaddlers!!! We never have an issue with leaks and she can run around comfortably in them. We always buy them!! I won't get any other brand!
Love the blue line. Great for 1st time parents! Friends had recommended that we only use Swaddlers, not to use anything else for our newborn. So glad we listened!
simply Lv pampers it never make lil one wet its very comfortable
Excellent all around. After running out of pampers when my son was just 1 month old, we used huggies for two days and his bottom started to turn red. That was the end of that and anything else. PAMPERS ALL THE TIME no substitute
I love Pampers Swaddlers! They have a great fit and are soft and comfortable for my baby! Fewer leaks than any other brand we've tried!
Swaddlers are what our babies both started with in the hospital, and what we continued to use! So happy swaddlers go up to bigger sizes now than they did 5 years ago when our daughter used them. The sensitive doesn't seem as absorbent as the regular, but that has been our only complaint!
I love them so much I had them in the hospital when my son was born and still use them my son sleeps wonderful at night and I can acutely get sleep. I recommend them to everyone that ask about what diapers to use.
Great product and keeps my son dry for a good amount of time during the day!
I've tried a lot of diapers and only pampers doesn't leak out. And let's me know when to change them. Definitely worth it !
I'm a new first time mom. I started my newborn in Huggies diapers and had multiple leaks. So far, no leaks from our Pampers Swaddlers!
I've tried other competing brands and pampers was by far the best. It's the only diaper that kept my baby dry, comfortable, and didn't leak.
I LOVE THESE DIAPERS! They are comfortable and breathable and I love that it doesnt irritate my son. This is by far my favorite diapers!
Great for overnight use, keeps my baby dry so can sleep thru the night.
Pampers Swaddlers was the first diaper my son used after birth! His father and I already knew before he was born that Swaddlers were the kind of diaper we wanted to use! My favorite thing about them is opening a new package and smelling them. They definitely have their own unique smell, even the Baby Dry diapers dont have the smell. They fit to my baby perfect, and we always buy the big value box that has 96 at a time! The wetness indicator strip is great, and we know for sure he will not soak through his diaper onto his cloths as long as he is wearing Pampers. I used some Huggies that I received at my baby shower when he was about 2 months old and more than once he wet through them while someone was holding him, of course getting them wet too! We always say "thank goodness for Pampers!"
We were given many different kinds of diapers before our daughter was born. The one that we kept buying and continue to buy were Pampers Swaddlers. We loved the for because they weren't too bulky. We have never had a problem with leaking either. She has been able to wear them for hours without an issue!

We love Pampers.
We tried alot of brands and always came back to pampers I tried other pampers but swaddlers work the best for us we love them!
Wetness indicator was very helpful for when we were running low on sleep or just needed a quick check!
I love everything about these Diapers. The only thing I doubt is that they can be worn for 12 hours. My little one wears hers all night and it's pretty full in the morning, and that's 9 hours. But hey I change mine about every 3 hours so I have no problem with that.
Tried several brands and pampers is by far the best. Keeps both my lil ones dry.
As new parents we went through a few brands. And have found our favorite. We were having problems with leaks sometimes having to change his clothes like 4 times a day but not anymore!!
We have tried huggies, luvs and store brands for our daughter, and not one of them compare to the quality and fit of pampers!
i started using the preemie diapers in the nicu for my baby girl. shes finally up to 7lb and they still fir her tiny body. i loves these. best fit by far!
My preschooler was a preemie so traditional overnight pants are a bit too loose around the waist for us- we love Pampers Swaddlers in the larger size for great overnight protection as we nighttime train!
These are the only diapers that my son can handle, they don't give him a rash & they keep him dry.
They are the best my absolute favorite I'd buy this for all my babies and they look and feel so comfy
excellent quality made my son feel confortable.love it
Love pampers swaddlers. They're the best. Don't like any other brand
I have tried other brands but the best I have found for my baby has been the pampers swaddlers. They fit her perfectly and have done a great job keeping her dry and happy. With other brands we had trouble with leaking and going through outfits like crazy. Since we have switched we haven't had any trouble!
Love swaddlers. Used other brand one time and baby was soaked. Never have that problem with Pampers.
I love these pampers I've been using them since I had my first child 6 years ago and there still the same good pampers I loved
The hospital that i delivered my baby used this diaper. And we stuck to it since then. Been great, no leakage whatsoever. The wetnes indicator is super convenient.
I have been a Pampers fan since I had my son 7 years ago. Now I have a newborn daughter and Pampers quality is still just as amazing as it was then. I love them! They are my go to brand for my babies needs.
pampers is a great product.which is best for baby.
These are by far the best brand of diapers around. I love these and wouldn't use anything else on my little guy. They have never leaked, and they are so soft and fit perfect!!! Definitely my favorite brand
My baby boy was born a week before being considered full term. He weighed 5lb 6oz but he was 19.5in long so he was pretty lanky! Pampers Swaddlers for Preemie babies fit him perfectly! I love them! When he grows out of them I'll buy the same ones but in Newborn!
I prefer pampers diapers over any other brand for my children.
Love Love Swaddles! Extra soft and still keep babies dry. The wetness indicator is genius! Highly recommend.
I have been using pampers swaddlers from day one with my baby girl. she is now 15 months and still love them! They hold well all night and are great for her sensitive skin. plus I have to say the wetness indicator is great for my husband so theirs no guessing for him. Overall great product I will use pampers until my little one is potty trained.
These diapers have been great since my son was born.we tried baby dry and they just didn't cut it.he's 14 months old now and running constantly and these diapers pprotecthim great
These diapers keep my baby dry and don't leak. I love that they have a color strip that lets you easily see when your baby has gone to the bathroom
We like the pampers swaddlers better than other brands of diapers.
These are our favorite. Never has any leaking and my husband thinks they are softer then most
There are a lot of baby items I think are unnecessary or a waste of money. Pampers diapers do not fall under those categories! The Swaddlers diapers are worth every penny, and as a budget-minded mom of 12 that is saying a lot!

After two weeks with not a single diaper blow-out, my newborn suddenly had two accidents in one morning. Perplexed by this new and somewhat unwelcome change, I realized that my daughter (who had changed the baby) had used another diaper brand that had been given to us. I got rid of all those diapers and now, three weeks later, not one blow-out. My husband forgot to change our son before bed last night so in the morning I expected the baby to be soaked through...but he wasn't! His diaper was full to bursting yet true to form, his Pampers diaper held up without a leak. This is the first baby I have used the Pampers Sensitive diapers with and am amazed at how the diapers stood up to their name; no redness on my baby's bottom at all!

After twelve babies I believe I have tried every brand of disposable diaper there is. Pampers are tried and true - no leaks, blow-outs, torn tabs, etc. I have used these from my preemie twins to my 8+ pound full-term babies and couldn't be more pleased with the Pampers quality.
Great product I recommend this satisfie with price and quality
Great over the night usage I have a little girl and I heard that they wasn't good for them buti tryed other brands and pampers works the best for me
We love these diapers. They fit our daughter so well. She is able to sleep the night due to staying dry.
These diapers are fantastic! Super soft with no leaks!
My son is two months old and I have been using Pampers swaddled, they are great. Great quality diapers my baby loves them and looks comfortable wearing them. I am sure pampers has a great deal to do with him sleeping through the night. I highly recommend Pampers.
I absolutely love the pampers swaddlers. They are super soft, very absorbant(never had a leak!!), and they don't start to smell horrible as soon as they are peed in like other brands!
My LO tends to soil his diapers quite frequently. At night time he can sleep comfortably in between feeds and diaper changes with out a leak. The diapers hold up well and have yet to give my LO a rash.
Super product. My favorite diaper for sure !!!!!!!
I absolutely love swaddlers for my LO. I love the coverage she gets and i can depend on the pampers brand.
I absolutely love Swaddlers! I used them for my first child and I am now using them on my second! They are amazing and I always recommend them! I really love the color changing line!
Pampers Swaddlers are great for newborns because of the cut-out for the unbiblical cord. I also love the wetness indicator strip.
they are great, i love the texture and they look comfy
We were given these in the hospital and loved the quality and fit of the diaper. They are very soft and absorbent. We have not had any leaks or blow outs. No other diaper compares. Really glad they now are available up to size 5.
These are the best diapers for newborns and babies. I especially love the cut out notch for the umbilical cord. They are super absorbent yet not very bulky.
We tried every diaper when our little girl was born. Everyone kept telling me to buy LUVS but I tried them and hated them. They are so rough and uncomfortable feeling, I wouldn't want to be stuck in one all day haha
Huggies were ok but they seemed to leak a lot.
Had every store brand there was and still wasn't satisfied. To me it's worth spending the 2-3$ More for pampers.
I'm a pampers fan :) the softness of the diaper, wetness indicator, and the never failing absorbency keep me buying.
Being a first time mom and not having ever changed a diaper except for my own new baby was all new to me. I love Pampers Swaddlers color strip, it definitely helped me to know when to change my babies diaper.
When I first had my daughter I had a hard time choosing between brands. After a few short weeks I decided that Pampers was the only diaper for our family! We use them exclusively and have never had a problem or complaint with these diapers :)
This is literally the only brand and type my daughter uses. We have tried several others, and she hates them all. She will find a way out of them. We like like them because they hold up. She can make it through the whole night with them. Others brands leak.
I love these diapers and would recommend them to anyone with a new baby. Kind of sad my baby is outgrowing the sizes they come in.
My son is now 7 months old and I have tried several diapers in those very short 7 months. After trying different diapers, I continue to come back to pampers. I like the others, but love, love, love the swaddlers! My son is in size 3 now and i was very happy to hear the swaddlers are made to size 5 now. They are worth the extra money! You pay for quality! Love them!
I like pampers, it's the best. We can use it during night easily it absorbs very well.
By far my diaper of choice. I love that they feel more like fabric than other diapers and are much softer to the touch. Plus the mesh layer inside seems to keep messes contained more to the diaper and not stuck or left of the baby as much. They are very absorbent and can hold a lot if you need them to. I have had issues with urine leaks with other brands and have never had that issue with Swaddlers. I also like the simpler cleaner designs and cute baby friendly graphics.
I have tried others such as Huggies and Luvs but Pampers is by far the most absorbant and fitting diaper of the bunch.
These diapers fit so well to baby...He like to be in diapers...
I was given some of just about every type of diaper at my baby shower, and Pampers Swaddlers are by far my favorite! They fit well, are super soft against my babys skin, and very absorbent. Love them!!
The swaddlers are excellent. I tried another brand and they left marks on my daughter. These have great absorbency and do not leave marks on my daughters skin.
These diapers are the best by far. I will never use any other brand.
Love love love pamper swaddlers! Only diaper I use. I have tried many but these are by far the best in every way shape and form. :)
I still have a newborn and have only used the newborn diapers so far on my little girl. It fits around her legs and body well, I just wish the umbilical notch was a bit lower because I still have to fold the diaper down so it doesn't tough the cord. Other than that, great product, I especially love the wetness indicator.
i Loveeeee the pampers swaddlers diapers ive used them since i came out of the hopsital with my buddle of joy
When I was pregnant I was told to use pampers swaddlers. They are the best dipaers on the market! I have tried huggies and they wern't half as good. I am so happy my friend recommended swaddlers.
Overall Pampers swaddlers are a great diaper, this is the second child that we have a used Pamper Swaddlers for and we are very satisfied.
Pampers softest diaper ever wraps your baby in comfort and protection
Color-changing wetness indicator
Unique Absorb Away Liner pulls wetness and mess away from baby's skin
These pampers are perfect for my little boy who is always on the move. They keep him dry as he chases the dogs around the house and keeps him comfortable all night long.
Pampers swaddlers are the best diapers for boys. My son's clothes and bedding always stay dry even when he is very wet. The color changing strip allows us to always know when he wets. We tried Huggies and Luvs and had to change everything but not with pampers swaddlers. They are worth every penny!
These diapers are the best. I used them with my first and she is still in them. I am due in three weeks with my second child and will use nothing but this diaper.
We were provided these at the hospital and haven't seen a reason to switch brands. The diapers are good at absorbing liquids and fit well. My son is on the small side, however we haven't had much problem with containment. Looking forward to using Pampers products as my little guy grows up!
I have used Pampers and other brands - nothing compares to the quality of the Pampers. And I love the powdery scent!
I love Pampers I've been buying pampers brand since I had my first baby which hes 12, a 10 year old , and 7 year old.My youngest is 5 months and I decided to continue using pampers because there great quality, and also economic. I would definitely recommend this brand to any of my friends and or siblings.
This is the only diaper I put my baby in! They just fit her so well!
They are very comfy for your baby my baby boys love them
Pampers are my number one choice when choosing diapers. no leaks, perfect fit and guaranteed absorbency!
I love use this diapers, I will never change with any other brand
I used pampers with all three of my children and they never let me down. Great product!!
These diapers worked great! No accidents (other brands always fill up fast and pour out of the sides and onto my newborn's clothes). Never caused skin irritation and they fit baby just right.
Can't beat the value, fitting and how dry it keeps baby.
The best even we they are a yr and not potty trained. Very absorbent.
easy to fasten, reliable and absorbant. a name and quality you can trust. sizes as small as premie, availabe almost everywhere.
I feel these are the best diapers around. There absorbency and fit are great and your baby will never have any leaks. The fit is nice a stretchy.
I choose to use pampers again with my 2nd daughter because my 2 year experience has been great so far
Love swaddled for my 15 mo old who has extremely sensitive skin.
My little guy always wakes up when he can feel the wetness(anytime he's wearing another brand.) Not with Pamper's. He sleeps longer for naps and at night which means more sleep for Mommy!
These are perfect for newborns, fits great and stays dry.
Swaddlers are perfect for the new born and now all the way up to size 5! Soft for their sensitive skin.
These diapers work well with my 3 month old son. He sleeps 10+ hours a night and has never leaked through.
Since my son was born I have only used swaddlers & baby dry pampers & swaddlers are the best fit for my son
Pampers are awesome! Received Huggies as a shower gift...tried them and they leaked everywhere. Didn't even finish the pack and switched back to my swaddlers.
I have always used Pampers. They are well worth it. Better and cheaper than huggies.
Great value and great diapers. Pampers are the only ones that fit well and don't leak on my baby boy!
I have 4 kids. I've tried several brands of diapers, and I favored Pampers. They fit well, are super-absorbent and my favorite brand. I have used them with all four kiddos, as well and the swimming diapers, the trainers, etc. Quality brand. I recommend them to everyone.
Pampers swaddlers is the only diaper I use for my child. They fit great, keep her dry through out the night, and I've never had it leak. I won't buy anything else.
They are a bit snug on my sons legs though! But that's an easy fix! I absolutely love them! And I love the line that indicates whether they're wet or not! And they keep all of his messes in his diapers! Love the swaddlers!
I have always been a fan of the Pampers Baby Dry diapers, but when I tried the Swaddlers I was very impressed. The fit is great, they keep my son dry, and I really love the wetness indicator on the front. I would definately recommend them to anyone who asks.
When my son was first born, this was the only product I would use. I absolutely loved these diapers! They were easy to tell when he was wet and he never broke out! It was also so soft on his skin which made him more comfortable! I have recommended this product to several people!
As a new mom, I wanted a diaper that was going to be comfortable for my son and easy to tell if he needed to be changed, without having to undo the diaper. These were recommended by a friend, and I am so thankful that they were. The wetness indicator is AWESOME and the diapers as a whole are just amazing!
These diapers fit well and had great absorbancy. Would definitely buy again.
Pampers Swaddlers is so great. Wonderful when my baby is on the move and trying to learn to crawl.
my daughter use this kind of diaper always. it's good. and no diaper rush again.
I love Swaddlers diapers for my son! They are soft, absorbent, and move when he moves. Great product!!!
I love Pampers products! We have been using the swaddlers since birth and have loved the gentleness of them. The absorbency is great! Wonderful product, we will continue to buy them!
This was the only diaper we found that would prevent leaks at night. It fit our baby extremely well and kept the area dry. We love it!
Nothing beats Pampers Swaddlers. I'm a first time mom and the wetness indicator helped bunches from counting wet diapers assuring me my baby wasn't dehydrated or sick to avoiding diaper rash.
As a first time dad, I like the fact that I can check the strip to see if my daughter is wet. No need to hold her up and smell her or feel around for a full diaper.

The fit is good and has held in some minor explosions, but the umbilical notch isn't prominent enough. I usually have to fold down the front of the diaper before fastening it,

We got all kinds of diapers for the shower, but I like the Pampers the best.
I used Pampers for my first daughter over 11 years ago, and once I found out we were going to blessed with another beautiful girl, there was no second guessing like I did with my first daughter on which diaper to buy. I tried the other kinds, but they just never had the fit that pampers has. We are a Swaddler Sensitive house, from diapers to wipes. I will never put my little one in anything else but Pampers. I also like how there are multiple types/styles to choose from, with that, you can never go wrong with Pampers!!
This product keeps baby dry and clean. Easy to use.
I love the inside of the diapers it absorbs the wetness while still maintainng dryness. I have had no problems with Pampers diapers and will continue using them.
The fit of the Pampers Swaddlers diapers are great. My baby loves them!
I have used these diapers for my son when he was a baby. The fit was great, he leaked only on a few occasions (and that was mainly to the sheer volume ...). The best feature for any new parent is the wetness indicator - it helps at the very beginning when you are do not yet know the signs of the baby being wet. I have since recommended and bought as a baby showers for a few new parents to be.
Great Products. The best we have used. Never any leaks!
These are the best diapers! We have tried other and love these!
Pampers diaper is best selection for babies. They are most comfortable and has great quality.
Always great quality, the diapers never sag like the problems we had with other brands when we were trying everything after the babies were first born (in an attempt to save some money). Pampers is the only thing we use as it saves us time and money cleaning clothes, which you often spend more time doing with cheaper brands. The only reason I gave 4 stars for value was because they recently reduced the number of diapers you get for the same price and as a mom of twins that becomes double the cost for me!
Thank you pampers swaddlers for saving the day and we are celebrating Happy Keister !!! Our lil ultasensitive guy spent months with full thickness rash and cloth diapers after a bad run in with antibiotics early on. We are so pleased he can finally wear pampers swaddlers sensitive diapers. Thanks to the quilted softness and moisture wicking technology we have a happy keister ;) baby and mama thank you!!!
Pampers is well worth the price. I had someone give me a box of another name brand diaper and I rushed thru the box to get back to pampers. I do not have to worry about leaking or an explosive bowel movement from my little one while using this product. It is a great product and I would highly recommend them to any new mom.
The fit on the newborn swaddlers are awesome. The ease of putting on these diapers is outstanding.
Since me and my husband started having kids the only brand of diapers and wipes we liked and felt was the best was pampers.
This is only brand that works for our son. We never had a single diaper rash issue when using swaddlers. Other brands don't compare. Our son is now 13 month and walking around and we still stick to the swaddlers - no matter how he moves, his clothes stay dry - never had an issue of a leak. Perfect diaper!
I absolutely LOVE this diaper. I used other brand diapers with my first two children and wish I would have known how great these diapers are. I have used them (and am still using them) for my last three kids. They fit well. I never have any issues with them fitting and being comfortable on my babies. They smell wonderful! I love the scent. If we can't change a diaper for awhile, I have no worries about leakage. I honestly cannot remember the last time I had a diaper leak. Their absorbency is the best on the market, in my opinion, and after five children I think I have a fairly worthy opinion. You can't go wrong using these diapers. You'll get your money's worth.
We only use Pamper swaddlers for our newborn. This is what the hospitals use.
These are the ONLY diapers I use for my baby, they fit well and absorb well which minimizes diaper rashes
I love that these diapers let me know as soon as my son has gone potty in them!
I'm a mother of two & with my first child I did do some diaper shopping , but by the time my second was born I had figured out that swaddlers , use with sensitive pampers wipes are the best out there ! My first baby had very sensitive skin and it was the only diaper I could use without her bottom getting welts, I even took her to the dermatologist & we discussed how I figured since she did ok with pampers swaddlers that she would be able to use the baby dry as well , but that was not the case! The dermatologist said that swaddlers are their favorite as well !
I love the diapers swadllers they are the only onew that work for my son. Tried a different brand juet once amd went immediately back to pamper swaddlers. Love these.
These are the best diapers I've purchased. Barely any leaks!
Pampers diapers are the only ones I buy. I was given some other name brand diapers at my baby shower. When I ran out of my Pampers I was in a pinch so I went to the closet and grabbed a diaper from the other name brand. They were very coarse and not soft at all like my Pampers. Needless to say my little one started protesting as soon as I put it on him. Then during his nap the other name brand leaked, it wasn't even full and it leaked all over his clothes! It wasn't anything like what I was used to with Pampers Diapers. I went straight out and bought a box of Pampers after that nap. I threw those other name brand's diapers straight in the trash! I will forever be a Pampers user!
Pampers swaddlers are wonderful newborn diapers. They provide leak proof protection, especially against blowouts! ;) They are perfect for my babies sensitive skin as well. They also have a mild baby like scent that I just love. I recommend useing this product in Newborn size and size 1.
This is all we use at home and in our changing bags, I also keep a couple in my purse just incase. They fit wonderfully and baby V is always comfortable. We tried another brand and will never buy anything else but pampers ever again. She seemed to be overly wiggly and the material wasn't as soft as swaddlers.
Plus the other brand had a wetness indicator that didn't work so that was another turn off.
My son was 4 1/2 weeks premature... the hospital I delivered in used size 1 swaddlers which were too big and we had to fold them over, they still kept in everything. NO LEAKS! When we got home we switched him to newborn size which he will be in for a while (hes 3 weeks old right now). I LOVE THEM!!
love these love these love these love theselove these love theselove these love theselove these love theselove these love theselove these love theselove these love these
Pampers Swaddlers was the first diaper put on my son. After trying out several different brands, Pampers Swaddlers is still the diaper that he wears. We've loved the product. Now that my son has turned one, the powdery scent of Pampers Swaddlers reminds me of those first precious moments with him.
Great product! swaddlers and cruisers have been my absolute favorite!
I've tried NUMEROUS brands, but Pampers Swaddlers are the absolute best!!!
We tried other diaper brands that were cheaper but always came back to the swaddlers. They're soft and absorbent...never had a single diaper rash while using these.
As a new Mommy, this brand was the only one to actually stay fit on my baby throughout the night, even while my little one needed a billielight for his jaundice.
I was very pleased with this product!!! Love that you have gone the extra mile to ensure us parents have peace of mind.
Absolutely love these diapers! It soaks up my sons #1 and #2 so he sleeps much better overnight because he doesn't feel wet. It also protects his bottom because it soaks up the #2 so he isn't sitting in it over night. We also love how it has the indicator strip to let us know when he is wet and we need to change him. We are very happy with this diaper.
Excited to use these with my newborn! I've heard only good things about Pampers. :) Hope they continue making them with careful attention to quality.
Our hospital gave us Pampers before we left to go home, once we ran out we broke into our supply of huggies at home. Let us say the Pampers fit so much better, and since sticking with Pampers, we have not had any leaking issues. The wetness indicator is also a wonderful feature to have on the diaper. The only thing we wish we knew before tossing a couple of not truly wet diapers away was that the indicator changed after some time, due to us using the petroleum jelly for our little man.
I liked these diapers for how much comfort they provide and these are great for when babies start crawling.
Pampers swaddler are worth buying, my baby has no leaks, fits just right and the strip indicator is very helpful. Smells good. Always have good deals.
We love using pampers swaddlers!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I've tried every other brand both for fit and for value. swaddlers has provided the best for both my babies, one boy and one girl since they were newborn til they mastered the potty. It rarely leeks, it rarely stays wet long enough t create a diaper rash and because it let dryer longest, I don't have to change them as often, which provides a better value than the cheap diapers I have to change every hour. And the fact my babies sleep longer, is priceless for a new mom!
I absolutely love pampers swaddlers !! Love the indicator that tells me when her diaper is wet.
First time mom and have tried so many brands and pampers diapers are the best. My son has not have a rash with them. Good quality. I recommend mommies of all ages to try pampers diapers.
Overall, Pampers Swaddlers are great diapers, quality, etc.
Great diaper! My son has sensitive skin and this diaper is perfect for him. I've also tried Pampers Swaddlers and Pampers Cruisers. I like the Sensitive the best. I found the cruisers didn't have as good absorbency as the sensitive diapers. I feel like my son always gets slight redness from the Swaddlers. The sensitive might be a little more in price at some places but it's definitely worth the money.
My son only uses Pampers during the day and at night he requires a night time diaper and we only use Pampers.
I LOVE THESE DIAPERS!!
Being a new mom, I didn't know which diapers to go with, I had bought huggies, and was given all sorts of brands as well. In the hospital they used these Pampers Swaddlers and WOW! I love them. Needless to say I took back all my other diapers and exchanged them for these. They fit perfect, and even when she has what you think would be a blowout, they don't leak!! She's gone all night on them and they are still dry to her! I love them. Definitely not changing brands anytime soon!
They stay in place and have the best absorbency. I recommend them to all my family.
Have trusted and used Pampers Swaddlers from the start. Love the fit of the diaper, the yellow tabs on the side and the wetness color strip in the middle. Of all, a great product.
I love pampers! I tried other brands and they just don't compare to the pampers swaddlers! I highly recommend this brand!
As a first time mom of twins, I think pampers are worth the money. They fit my little girls well and we haven't had any blow outs.
As usual, Pampers has impressed me kept me from swaying towards other brands! Even though they may cost a little more than other brands, Pampers is the only brand that hasn't disappointed me!
LOVE swaddles, they fit my little man perfect and we never had an issue with leaking!
Best diapers out there by far! Never leak, so soft cozy and comfy! Maintained quality over years. Used them with my 4 yr old while he was in diapers, and use them now with my newborn. Far superior to other brands..
Pampers fit my daughter very well. with other brands my daughter would have leaks everyday ruining many of her clothes. I have not had one problem with pampers!
I am a mom of 10-month-old twins and I have tried many different brands of diapers. Pampers are by far the best brand on the market. I trust them at night to keep my girls dry and comfortable. Thanks so much Pampers!
I have tried everything on my baby and these swaddled are the best! Soft on baby
good item good prise and good dipers will buy dipers
I loved using this product and was so ecstatic when it came out in size 5. I will definitely us it again with future children.
These diapers are the absolute best! We've used them with both of our babies and will again with future children. Thank you pampers for a wonderful product!
I know a lot of people who don't buy Pampers because of the price, but they are really the best diapers. I always recommend Pampers Swaddlers and Cruisers for my friends who are about to become new mommies! I always tell them that it's worth the extra money because of the minimal leaks, minimal blow outs and the perfect fit for my son. And I tell them that they get what they pay for. A few extra dollars is definitely worth having a good quality diaper. I will definitely be using Pampers Swaddlers for my second son due in June. I already have a stash of them in the closet!
Pampers Swaddlers are extremely soft and very durable. I loved these for my newborn and he has been using them even up to Size 5! Yes Size 5:) The wetness indicator helped a first time mom like me know when my little one was wet, especially a newborn, cause you don't won't to wake a sleeping baby; if it is not necessary;)
I love Pampers Diapers ! Ever since my daughter was born she used Pampers brand diapers at the hospital. I tried other brands but after a lot of wet and dirty clothes decided to go back to pampers; I have not had a dirty outfit since. My daughter is now 4 months old and still uses Pampers ! She is always dry and best of all, HAS NOT HAD A DIAPER RASH !!!
My son is just shy of 3 months and I LOVELOVELOVE the pampers swaddled! So far they are the only diapers I have used and never had them leak! Especially over nights! My sons over night diaper weighs probably 2 pounds (exaggerating) and I've never had a problem with them leaking he wakes up with dry clothes and a full diaper!
I love these diapers. They are super absorbent, which is great since my son is breast fed and pees after every feeding and has explosive poops on some occasions lol. My husband loves the wetness indicator especially as first time dad it makes it easy for him to just look for the blue line lol. I love pampers products, always reliable.
i have great luck with pampers. i wouldnt use anything else they fit nice and nothing come out
These are the only diapers we use for our daughter!
Swaddlers are our favorites! Too bad that they are not always available in all stores, since they are sold first and we have difficulties to find them sometimes, but definitely our first choice!
We tried all, and always coming back to swaddlers, soft and comfy.
I only use pamper swaddlers on my newborn babies!!
My daughter was born premature and while in the NICU the hospital began to use Pampers diapers and wipes for her immediatedly. Once we brought Olivia home I saw no reason to change brands so I have used Pampers always. I love the line that indicates whether she has a wet diaper or not and she has not had many accidents. I would recommend all Pampers products to my friends and family that have babies.
I tried differnt types of planet friendly diapers but every time my daughter would blow them out. I've bought pampers every since and I'm not going back.
i used swaddlers for my first child they gave them to me at hospital i loved them now on second child and will still use them
We prefer Pampers brand, specifically swaddlers. The fit is more generous and we have not had one instance of leakage in 12 months. We also like the wetness indicator.
I have used these for both of my children and I love how well they fit their bodies. They also have a wetness indicator to help you determine if they need to be changed. I am never disappointed in their products!
I love these diapers. They are soft and SUPER absorbent, which is really important for my breast fed newborn lol. They are also great with leaks, which is also important because as anyone with a breast fed baby knows some times the poops can be explosive lol. I also like how much come in a case and the value pack option you get with these diapers. My husband I just purchased a value case that came with diapers and 3 packs of wipes it's a great value.
After using pampers exclusively for the first 7 months, I thought I would try a store brand. I could not wait for that box to be done so I could get back to Pampers! I missed the wetness indicator and the superior absorbency!
The pampers swaddlers are by far the best diapers I have used yet. I love how they fit my babys bottom, and she has never leaked through or out of them We have tried tons of other diapers and knew from the start these would be the ones.
Great product wont use any other.
These diapers fit perfectly and do not leak! Love these diapers!
I have been using Pampers products since my 16 month old was born! I love them! They keep my baby dry and happy! Not to mention the Pampers Rewards program! No other brand holds up to Pampers!!! I love Pampers and would recommend them to anyone!!
The diapers are very absorbent, & very rarely leak. The wetness indicator stripe is definetely a plus! The material is soft, & doesn't irritate baby's skin. It is very easy to readjust the fit, & doesn't rip easily. We have tried other brands, & won't be switching from Swaddlers!
My newborn pees...a lot. Haha and Huggies just wasn't cutting it. So I was turned to pampers swaddlers. WOW what a difference. My son never pees through his diapers anymore :)
Wonderful as expected! They fit my baby great and as a new mom the wetness indacater was a great feature!
this is my 3rd son and with the other 2 I didn't have a brand preference but with this one pampers seem to be the only ones that work for him.
I love pampers, they are the only diaper that worked for my little one. I wish that they were not the most expensive diaper on the market, but I liked them so much I paid the difference.
I have tried 4 different kinds of diapers. Swaddlers is the ONLY one that I've never had a problem with.
Switching from huggies to pampers swaddlers. Pampers seem to be true to size. Huggies leaves my baby with a rash a lot and hoping the switch will be a lot better
I've had 6 bottoms to cover and it's always been my #1 choice because the absorbency and soft diaper is the best for my children. you may have to pay a dollar more but its well worth it because if you don't buy pampers you'll be doing more laundry!
I love them my son still uses these because now they have bigger size. I use these when he goes to sleep and he has never wet the bet and I do not change his dipper until the morning. Great product
Pampers swaddlers is the best diaper. I tried a different diaper for a week and was not satisfied at all. The other diaper ripped, leaked, and the fit was all wrong. I will never make that mistake again. Swaddlers has great quality the softness keeps my babies bottom from sticking to the diaper.
Pampers are the best. Both my kids get a rash if I use anything else. We never have leaks and they always fit really well.
I love that Pampers Swaddlers have a wetness indicator because you know whether baby has left even a small mess. They fit well and are high in quality.
With my daughter, we used Huggies. With my son these are the only kind that can contain his troubles. Fit great!
I just had my baby 2 weeks ago and all we have ever used is Pampers Swaddlers. They are absolutely amazing! The color indicator strip makes life so much easier plus you get points for buying them!!!! HIGHLY Recommend!!!
We used these on our new born and were very happy with the fit and ability to keep her dry. Never had a problem with rashes in the first 3 months!
I am a new mom and have been using Pampers Swaddlers on my baby girl for 10 days now. I find it to be a great fit. It was even what the hospital used.
The softness of swaddlers can't be beat. I love the woven design, as it absorbs so well!!
I love them! The only thing I can say negative about pampers diaper is about the night time diapers. When my oldest was 18-24 months I started using the night time diapers and she would wake up every morning wet and we would have to change the sheets so we switched to huggies night time but still use pampers throughout the day.
Pampers tend to be the more expensive diaper, but that's for a good reason. My daughter is now two - but since she was born I've tried other brands a few times and ALWAYS go back to Pampers... it's worth the extra money. They are less likely to leak, have a greater absorbency, and are sensitive to my daughter's skin. I always recommend Pampers diapers.
I have nothing bad to say about deadliest diapers.
This diaper is extra tall so when baby has big poops, there is no leakage!
Pampers Swaddlers were the first diapers I used when I had my daughter. I'm a first time mom and they were great for me! I would recommend them to anyone expecting.
Love these diapers! We got huggies at the hospital but they don't seem to be as absorbent as the pampers.
Used Pampers Swaddlers for both my kids and love it. I tried other brands because of cost, but none of them could compared to Pampers.
We have used Pampers for both our daughters and find they have the best protection and are the most comfortable.
My son is 6 months old & sleeps through night. I change his diaper before bed between 9pm-1pm & he doesn't wake up until about 6am. No leaking!!!! Definitely a great product that fits just right on my baby boy!
As a first time mom I wasn't sure which diaper to use and I have to say that I am extremely happy with this brand. These diapers keep my daughter dry and I really like the indicator line that tells me when she is wet. Makes life right now a little easier! I will continue purchasing Swaddlers for sure.
No leaks and a great fit! Works great for my baby's sensitive skin too!!!
No leaks and great for my baby's sensitive skin. Also, it is very easy two tell when she is wet and needs to be changed.
I already knew Pampers was the best brand before my baby was born but now that he is 3 months and we've used several different brands given to us as gifts I know without a doubt I'll never use another brand of diapers. We have tried Huggies, Luvs, Well Beginnings, and Honest Company diapers and absolutely nothing compares to Pampers.
My little one tends to wet a diaper very quickly, and most diapers we have tried are filled very quickly and leak out the sides while he is sleeping. This results in a very unhappy baby during multiple diaper changes at night. Pampers Swaddlers are super absorbent and fit very well so we can let him sleep longer and change his diaper less during the night. He is a much happier baby in Pampers than any other brand!
I love the swaddlers diapers it has the wetness indicator and if baby sleeps for a little longer he still wakes up dry
These diapers are amazing! I have tried several different brands and they always leak. We have never had any issues with Pampers and always recommend them to our mommy friends.
We have been using pampers and lovig them. We tried another brand, and were disappointed that they had some leakage. We also like the blue strip that let's us know she's wet.
I like the blue line to tell if your little one is wet! Especially at newborn and ones
Our son is now 2 weeks old and as far as all the diapers out there my husband and I are very pleased with this style and brand. We 1st used these in the hospital and when we left we had a small pack of 4 other name brands of diapers. By day 5 being home we encountered multiple problems with the other diapers. From dryness to fitting. One name brand diaper was so badly fit, that my son wet himself on his tummy through the top of the diaper. That night all the boxes and cases of diapers we got, we sent back to the stores we got them from and exchanged them for the diapers we used in the hospital, PAMPERS SWADDLERS NEW BORN. Perfect fit, very dry, also a very large capacity compared to the other brands, and also like the color changing line so even my husband can be a good diaper changer. Thanks Pampers and to all you Moms this is a GREAT not good pick. Highly Rec =)
I have been using swaddlers since my son was born. I prefer them to other brands because due to him being tall pampers diapers have a inch or two taller in every size. In the beginning I also loved the line that alerts you if the diaper is wet.
My daughter has sensitive skin and I had a hard time finding a diaper that wouldn't make her break out in a rash. Love this product!!!
My 7 mth old has been sleeping through the night lately and in the morning her pajamas are soaked and her sheets need to be changed. After switching back to Pampers we are excited to say no more wetness. Pampers Swaddlers have really impressed us and have done a great job absorbing the wetness. Five stars for this life saving product.
I've tried many diaper brands and while I often pay a little more for Pampers, I've learned it's well worth it.
everything is perfect(as advertised) except the price. little expensive
What a great diaper! I used swaddlers for both my 7 year old and 10 month old girls. I appreciate the hold and flexibility of this diaper. I know I can count on pampers. Thank you for helping me keep my kids dry and your consistency throughout the years.

De'Von
pampers are always a great choice but are a little pricey on a new mom's low budget! good thing we got so many diapers as gifts!
I absolutely love pampers swaddlers! Every other brand we tried my daughter leaked through and would wake up 2 times a night to just be changed. This product definitely gives you your moneys worth and I can tell the difference in my childs mood just by using these diapers. I recommend these to any new time parents and will continue to buy nothing but pampers products.
Since my daughter was born 11 weeks ago we have tried several different brands of diapers from big name brand diapers down to little known store brands and we always end up coming back to Pampers. We have had a lot of issues with her skin and other diapers just seem to aggravate those issues. As of now our Bug is still in newborn diapers and every other brand we have tried just doesn't fit as well as Pampers Swaddlers do. Granted the price of these diapers are a bit more on the expensive side I would gladly spend the extra money because of the comfort these diapers guarantee my child.
I absolutely love the way the swaddlers fit. They are perfect!
First time mom and really impressed with pampers products.
I love Pampers Swaddlers. My baby is a heavy wetter and sleeps 12-14 hours straight at night. We've never had a leak!
Great fit and absorbency diapers. Baby is happy and can sleep through the night. We tried generic diapers because of the cost of the Pampers, but got quickly back using Pampers again.

Thank you.
Love the swaddlers diapers! Never leaked for my newborn baby.
I love the pampers swaddlers. They hug my little guy so that we have no leaks! Great quality diaper, only brand we use for our little one!
We were fully prepared to be a cloth diaper family, but when several boxes of Pampers Swaddlers were gifted to us at our baby shower, we realized that this was definitely the way to go. Our little one is now 10 months old and Pampers Swaddlers are the only diapers that have ever touched his sweet little bottom! He stays dry and comfortable all day, and best of all, he has never had a diaper rash!
These diapers have worked very well for my two sons. We tried other diaper brands that we got from baby showers, but these were the only ones that consistently prevented blow outs and leaks.
This is such great diaper. I tried a comparative brand and it just fell apart. These hold up great!!!!! Very happy
love the quality of these diapers, a lil expensive but you have to pay for the best.
Pampers seem to fit better than the other diapers we've tried, and they seem to keep him drier.
My son has sensitive skin and these diapers do not irritate him, and they also do a great job at keeping him dry preventing rash!
Great quality. We started using swaddlers in the hospital and continued after bringing baby home. Very happy with this product. Worth the cost.
For my baby shower I was given other diaper brands and ended up throwing them out. Pampers was the softest, and I love the wetness indicator (especially for a new parent).
The only beand of diapers I use on my baby. They are soft and comfortable and they dont leak. I love them so much. B bj
Love love love these diapers. I loved when pampers started doing them up to size 5. The wet indicator on them is great, so handy when you are breastfeeding and you want to keep a chart on the wet diapers. My son never leaked in these diapers and they were always well fitted on him.
I absolutely love these diapers, they fit my little Princess perfectly and keep her dry and comfortable.
I've always used pampers. Great absorbency and seemed comfy. Very gentle to the skin. Wetness indicator is a huge help.
After having tried multiple different diaper brands that were given to me at my baby shower. . . . Pampers Swaddlers will be the only brand that I purchase from here on out. Love these diapers. They are super soft. Very rare leakage . . . which will happen no matter what. But overall these are the best!
super absorbency i love the mark on it if its wet then it turns green.
I absolutely LOVE the Pampers Swaddlers! I have used them with both of my kids (my oldest is 5 & he wore them the entire time he wore diapers and my youngest is 6 months old & these are the only diapers she has worn so far & the only ones she will wear until the day she quits wearing diapers). The Swaddlers are the softest diaper I've ever felt & the wetness indicator is extremely handy & helpful, especially with newborns and young babies who usually only wet a tiny bit which makes it difficult to tell a lot of times just by feeling the diaper. These diapers also fit very well. They fit both my little boy and my little girl perfectly, as if they were made specifically just for them; whereas, some other diapers that I've tried or that some of my friends have tried seem to fit better for boys and some fit better for girls but I haven't been able to find another diaper that fits both boys and girls as perfectly & comfortably as Pampers Swaddlers do. And last but not least, these diapers also have excellent absorbency. Everytime I change my daughter's diaper, her skin never feels the least bit wet or damp, regardless of whether she has had the diaper on for just a couple of hours or if she has had it on throughout the whole night while she was sleeping & she usually sleeps for about 8 hours straight most nights...plus she has NEVER had a single problem with leaking out of a Pampers Swaddler either like she has several times before with other kinds. Sorry for such a long review but I just absolutely LOVE the Swaddlers so I just wanted to let everybody else know that, in my opinion, this is the best diaper that anybody could ever use on their baby & that you will not go wrong if you try it!!!
Very soft for the baby skin and the quality is very good. I like this diapers
I love them because they are soft for my baby girl
I start using Pampers Swadlers, as a recommendation from the hospital and then realise it was the best option in the market!
THese diapers work like a charm, no leaks, very light weight and not bulky at all. My newborn loves these batboys
Swaddlers were my first choice for my daughter and they didn't dissapoint! They are so soft to the touch and my husband appreciated the wetness indicator stripe on the outside. My daughter didn't get a diaper rash at all for the first 6 months of her life which I hear is pretty rare. I attribute it to these great diapers! Sure there are less expensive brands but in this case, you definitely get what you pay for!
This is the only diaper I'll put my baby in! I love them!
I absolutely love the swaddlers. I love the wetness indicator and the softness of the diaper.
We continue to be happily surprised with the absorbency of these diapers. No diaper rashes from moisture and no leaks, even during the long overnight hours.
I always say hospital know the best products for your newborn they've been doing delivering babies for years, I have used these diapers with all four of my children and I will keep using them if I ever have more, Thank You Pampers <3
My daughter is almost 6 months and we have been using pampers swaddlers from day one. We chose to stay with them because the hospital used them. We tried various others when people gifted them to us but never found the same quality in any of them. We have even tried pampers baby dry and they were stiffer than the swaddlers. Now we buy in bulk so we dont run out. We are still going through 18 to 20 diapers a day.
We tried both Huggies and Pampers. Pampers are the only ones in our opinion that fit and absorbed the best. Therefore, in return keeping everything within the diaper. We like Pamper so much, we have our Amazon Prime account setup to send us our supply bi-monthly.
Time and time again I am impressed with the way Pampers swaddlers work to keep my baby dry. The innovative wetness indicator strip is amazing and very effective!
Great quality. Price is higher compared to other diapers and not as many in the pack, but worth the extra money. Sometimes theres some leakage out the sides so be sure to pull them out after diapering. Love these diapers.
Swaddlers are my first choice for newborns. Especially if they have a diaper rash. These were great for when someone else was watching my baby. There was no guessing if she needed to be changed. These are my number one recommendation for my sister in law who is expecting her first child any day now.
I love these diapers!! They are so soft on my baby's skin yet durable enough to last all night!
My son always uses pampers diaper .Best diaper I love swaddler
When I was expecting my first baby the choices were overwhelming. I had no idea where to begin with diapers. A friend I trusted told me to go with Pampers, they were the only ones that could contain her two little ones blow-outs. I did and I can proudly say after two years we were blow-out free. (Don't get me wrong there were some VERY messy ones, but it was all contained!). Therefore anyone who is expecting I now recommend to them.
I really like these! Love the line that shows if changing is needed!
The swaddlers are super soft and absorb so well my diva didnt have a chance to cry. Plus the blue strip warning of wetness made it so easy to check.
Better then any diaper I've ever tried for my little one
I've Found These Are The Only Diapers My Son Doesn't Soak Through Throughout The Night
When I first brought my son home from the hospital after giving birth to him, I had no idea which brand of diapers I was going to buy for my newborn son. I knew I wanted his diapers to be soft, gentle, and be able to withstand anything a newborn can put into that diaper. The first brand of Diapers I tried were Pampers Swaddlers, and I loved everything about them. I never tried a few different brands to see what I liked, because Pampers Swaddlers has everything I was looking for in a diaper. They are very soft, durable, and the quality is great. You get your money's worth buying Pampers Swaddlers.
I have been using Pampers Swaddlers since my baby was born and I am very happy with it. Great quality, super absorbent and fit perfect! Highly recommended!
My son's opinion matters more than mine-these R #1
Have tried several diapers but none come even close to the Swaddlers. Only diapers we will ever use!
Pampers Swaddlers are the best newborn diaper. They fit better than any other diaper we tried.
From the hospital to our home, we have been using Pampers Swaddlers diapers. No other diapers can compare to Pampers in term of comfort, dryness, and wet diaper indicator. Although Pampers are a more expensive than other leading brands, it's definitely worth it.
I have tried different brands of diapers and I always go back to Pampers.
As a first time mom, I had no clue what to look for when it comes to the features I would really use and appreciate. I started off trying a few different brands, and for all the additional and "unique" features some boasted about, I found they were unnecessary. The cutout for the umbilical cord was nice and big, which was nice, but the edges around the cut out were a bit sharp. The extra bunching around the waist for better elasticity and fit was too tight when stretched out, and left red marks form all the creasing where it didn't stretch. I didn't have these problems with Pampers Swaddlers.

All three brands of the brands I tried have the wetness indicator, and I think they all worked equally well, but when it came down to it, Pampers didn't list off a bunch of worthless features like the other brands did which I'm sure are meant to *dazzle* customers who want the best for their child. Pampers have a small but adequate and very soft cutout for the umbilical cord, the tabs were easier to pull out and were softer edged than other brands, and they seemed softer overall. No diaper can guarantee containing everything when your baby has a big blowout, but I did feel like the Pampers did a better job holding things in than the others. Also, I think the wetness indicator is a bit touchier, and will show with even the slightest amount of urine in the diaper. This was a huge plus for me, as my daughter wouldn't tolerate wearing an even slightly wet diaper for any longer than necessary, and when their newborn voids are that small, you can't depend on a "pinch check" for a swollen diaper.. there just isn't always enough urine to make it obvious by squeezing.

No doubt, if I have another baby, I will go directly to Swaddlers for my newborn.
GOOD IN EVERY THING ABSORBS WELL, FITS PERFECTLY KEEP BABY DRY AND ABOVE ALL THE BEST THING IS THE WETNESS INDICATOR ITS GREAT
I love these diapers. I was planning on using diapers that were cheaper in price. However, when I gave birth the hospital provided me with a mini pack of Pampers Swaddlers and fell in love with the product. They absorb well and they fit my baby perfectly. They are a bit pricy but they are worth every penny!!! I prefer them over any other diaper brand.
I have tried other brands, but my baby soaks right through them. Pampers are great at keeping him dry day and night. My baby sleeps 7 hours straight and does not have problems staying drying in Pampers Swaddlers.
I love that these diapers have wetness indicators (the yellow strip that turns blue when baby is wet) I'm a first time mommy and I really like these diapers for my baby. It has saved me from changing so many unnecessary diapers! They also fit baby perfect and keep baby nice and dry for much longer than other brands.
I have tried different types of diapers being a new mom and when i bought pampers, my son stayed dried longer and it was super absorbent threw the night. The value is amazing compared to leading brands. You get more diapers for your money. I suggest to all my friends to buy Pampers because, it is the best choice for there children and mine.
I love Pampers brand diapers. They smell great, fit great, and the cost is very reasonable.
I have a newborn and am new to diapers, but so far have been very pleased with my experience with swaddlers. I have not had any leaks and they stay on nicely.
Wonderful product. Almost never leaks. Baby seems very comfortable in diaper.
The color changing line is great for new parents. It helps reassure how often to change diapers. They fit great as well.
I love these diapers. They are so soft to the touch, a huge difference from other diapers. They also keep baby very dry
We used these diapers till our baby was crawling we loved the wetness indicators and how dry they kept him. It made it easy to know when he needed a change since he never fussed to be changed. we also liked the mesh fabric inside the diaper that helps with breathability and decreased diaper rash.
Pampers Swaddlers are the only diapers i use for my daughter. Her skin is super sensitive and these are the only diapers that don't give her a rash. They are very absorbent. I don't have to worry about her diaper leaking through overnight after sleeping 6-8 hours straight.
Pampers have a great fit and don't leak around the legs. It has been the best diapers for all 3 of my boys.
Absolutely love these diapers! We will use them all the way to a size 5 now! They fit our girls perfectly!
My son is a mover and this diaper keeps him dry for hours.
The best diapers around for your baby. Trusted brand!
The Swaddlers product is fantastic. It is soft and gentle on baby's skin and has a wetness indicator easily allowing you to determine if the diaper needs to be changed. It is my favourite diaper.
My favorite diaper out there! Super soft and never leaked!
I love these diapers over Huggies because they are very absorbent and don't leak. I also prefer the wetness indicator over no indicator.
These are great diapers. We haven't had a leak yet!
Pampers is the best! I used pampers sense my son was a newborn. i switched to luvs because it was cheaper, and that first pack my son peed threw over 6 diapers! So i switched back to pampers and he hasnt peed threw them at all!
I wasn't sure what brand of diapers to buy. There are so many choices! When baby girl was born, the hospital gave us Pampers Swaddlers. We never had a leaking problem with these diapers. As soon as we switched to something else we had a leak and we went right back to Pampers. I really like the wetness indicator because it was easy to tell when she needed a diaper change. It also made it easier to count her wet diapers.
We really liked the wetness indicator. The notch for the umbilical cord didn't work for our boys, they leaked out the top but otherwise a great diaper.
I love pamper swaddlers, they are the diapers we have been using from the get-go. They started us on them in the hospital right after the baby was born and they have been working great every since!!
I have never put anything else on my child since birth.
We used to have pamper's diaper for our first boy, he is 3 years old now. We have changed it to other different brand's diaper, but we still think pamper has the best quality. Now we have another little boy join our family, we think we will continue to use pamper's diaper.
I liked that these diapers rarely leaked. It is a good product.
Our hospital used this brand and we continued to do so once we came home. Favorite points of this diaper: umbilical cord notch and the color changing wetness indicator
I love the swaddled diapers for infants. I used them with my first child and plan on using them again soon with my second child. Plus, it's easy for a first time Dad that can't tell if the baby is wet. It has the yellow line on the front that turns blue when baby is wet. Also, I love that it has a cut out,so the diaper doesn't rub on the belly button. I would recommend this band to my friends that are going to be first time parents.
In an attempt to save $$, we've tried 2 other leading brand diapers. However, after leaks and odd fitting sizes, we HAD to go back to Papmpers.
I was content with another brand when my son was a newborn, and thought I was saving money because the product contained more at a lesser value. The reality was that I was changing him more often so I was actually wasting money rather than saving it. My go to Pampers product these days is definitely Pampers Baby Dry.
Wonderful product I enjoy with my baby girl. Toddler who I use stage four diapers pampers swaddlers !!!
With my first born being a boy I didn't know which diapers I would use. Pampers were the fit for us as we found other brands leaked.
Love pampers!! I have used them from the start, they always hold up, even in the night!!!!
Great product! Pampers swaddlers are the only diapers thatI have found that fit our daughter perfectly. She has never leaked through compared to other brands. I would recommend pampers swaddlers to everyone with a baby!!! Well worth their value!
We are a cloth diapering family. I normally only use disposable diapers when we are out of the house; however, I tried Pampers Swaddlers and I love them so much I have been using them at home more and more lately. They are more like the cloth diapers than any other brand I have used. They are breathable for my baby's skin and absorbant enough that I never have leaks. I will definitely continue to buy Swaddlers and would recommend them to all my friends.
I love these Pamplers Swaddlers! It's never been so easy to tell if my baby is dry or not. It's great to keep my baby dry as soon as he's wet. I don't have to guess and my baby doesn't have to sit in a wet diaper long.
I absolutely love pampers swaddlers. I had not bought diapers for 6 years, before we had a surprise bundle of joy. I was so happy to see that the swaddlers now were in size 5. Now I am just hoping my son doesn't grow out of the size 5, before he starts potty training. Thanks pampers!
These diapers keep my little one dry and fit perfectly.
I have tired every other name brand diaper & Pampers Swaddlers are by far my favorite! They are the only brand I use.
This is my first child, so I spent a majority of my pregnancy stocking up on everything. I have a variety of diapers on hand for my little one- but the only ones I'll use now are the Pamper's Swaddlers. They are the ones she came home from in the hospital and the ones she wears five months later. She hardly has any leaks, which is more than I can say for the store brand she tried once. They are so soft and move with her as she rolls and crawls everywhere. She is a heavy sleeper at night and sleeps for roughly 9 hours every night so when she wakes up I am always expecting a leak but she is as dry as can be since the diaper gets it all.
Pampers allowing you to earn points for other goodies is a great aspect of using them too. But deciding between all the diapers they have to offer- Swaddlers hands down. Your LO will thank you!
These are the best diapers ever. I stayed without any diapers once and borrowed from a neighbor (not pampers), it was terrible, she got horrible rashes then :(

PAMPERS FOREVER! :)
Keeps my baby dry and comfortable throughout the day and night. Plus, the blue line indicator is very helpful in changing the diapers on time for first time and inexperienced moms, like me.
have always used pampers swaddlers and love them. even at our worst times we still stuck with pampers. when our little one was filling up his diaper during the night we just went up a size and chose the pampers cruisers they seemed to hold more throughout the night.
I love pampers swaddlers because they actually hold a lot, theres no leaks,they fit my son perfect, I love the line that indicates when its time to change and I love how easy they are to find good quality that it's worth to pay for.
the best in the greatest greatest greatest greatest
Thank you for making size 5!!!!! I loved it for my princess and now I can keep using it for her...
Yes I'm so happy happy for the big size of swaddlers
After trying several brands, at one month old, my little guy is 7lbs and 21.5 inches. It's safe to say that he is on the leaner and longer side. I found that of all the brands I have tried, including Huggies and Luvs, Pampers are the best fit for him.
We started with Pampers Swaddlers when we were given a set once we left the hospital and we have been so satisfied. We tried Huggies and Costco and they aren't as absorbent or soft as the Swaddlers - we love them!!
My son is currently 11 months old and in size 1 swaddlers, but will be moving to a size 2 soon. He sleeps through the night and we ver rarely have a problem with him soaking through his diaper. We have tried one other brand (Luvs) and not only did they not work as well, the green coloring of the design also came off on my son's legs! Pampers will be the only diapers we ever use.
My baby is able to sleep through the night without any accidents!
Our kid was in swaddlers from through size 2 and they were great diapers. The absorption was great and we never had leakage. We recommend these.
We've tried every type of diaper for our baby, including some store brands, and all but Pampers Swaddlers leaked. They may cost slightly more than most of the other types of diapers out there, but it's worth it to not have to change my son several times per day and have him be comfortable.
The swaddler diapers are the best diapers I have ever used. It's stretchy for my baby but it fits to his size, also the wet indicator is a big help for me. I've had about 4 boxes of it & it lasted me longer than other diapers. My newborn son will be using nothing but pampers swaddlers when he arrives!
Great quality as usual. Love this Product. Love <3
These pampers really keep my baby dry. He never even cries for a change rather it's a number 1 or 2.
These line of pampers I love the most! They are super soft outsite, very absorbent and doesn't irritate my baby's skin. Velcro works great and doesn't come off when baby crawls, locks very well the humidity.
Our little one has been wearing Pampers Swaddlers since day one. We have used the following size to date: Preemie, 1, and currently we are on 2s.
I can not say enough nice things about these diapers. He's a mover and they move with him! There's no leaks so there is no late night diaper changing or a wet cranky baby. I am thrilled that they now have a size 5 also. Even though we aren't near that size yet, it's good to know it'll be there when we need it. I refuse to buy any other brand. Pampers could charge $100 a box (but please dont'!!!) and I would still find a way to still only buy their product.
We switched over from huggies because they changed their little movers and I have twin boys and they kept peeing through their diapers. Ever sense we switched they have not leaked out once thank you pampers
I love pampers swaddlers for my newborn baby boy. I tried a different kind of diapers & I can honestly say I would pick pampers over any kind any day. I'm sure they provide my baby with the softness & comfort he needs for everyday.
I just had my second son and I love what a great quality pampers swaddlers are. They fit perfectly, don't leak and the color indicator is the best part.
The swaddlers are very soft and absorb a lot but not as much as baby dry. I do like them better because the smell of peep does not come out of the pampers. I would like them to change the characters from Sesame Street to other cartoons maybe NICK JR
I have used pampers for all 4 of my children. For 6 years, I've been buying pampers. I never once bought a cheap brand because I always want the best for them. I fell in love with the swaddlers when I had my now 2 year old. I still use them now on my 3 month old.
I loved this diapers since first time my daughter wore them i wouldn't changed them for other diaper their really absorbent n fit perfect
I have tried ally of diapers and always had a problem with them, these ones leak these ones are hard to undo these ones stick to my child's skin when I try to change her.... when I found pampered swaddlers I decided these where the only diapers I will buy from now on they are dependable absorbent and best of all they fit my daughter just right no leaks.
Still wonderful as usual! these diapers are still my favorite! its super absorbent, and still no leaks! Very soft and roomy, and stays on well.
Great on baby soft skin.Also perfect for the On The Go toddlers.
Will never disappoint you.
Helps kids stay dry and Happy.
When we found out I was pregnant I had no clue which diapers to choose. Just taking a stab in the dark, we went w/ Pampers Swaddlers. (Turns out that's what they used in the hospital too!) Although we have had a blow-out here or there, 99% of the time she stays dry and happy. We would not buy any other brand for any reason!
I love pampers. All of my friends advice me to try other brands so my baby can get used to them and not get rashes easily, I did and I regretted it so much. The price is worth it for my baby's bottom. We have no spills, no rashes and a happy dry baby.
I am a first time mom and on a budget, so I tried every possible off brand, hoping I could get away with diapers that were a little less in price. Every other brand I tried just didn't compare. Only these swaddlers kept my little girl dry, without leaking, unless it was a baby blowout, and that only leaked a little, maybe only a few times. These are very absorbent and now that she is sleeping 10-11 hours a night, she never leaks, even that long at night with no change in between. I would pay a little more for these diapers because they do the best. Plus, you can find good coupons for them!
I have my 11 week old in these and they are not only the perfect fit, they are truly comfortable and can hold a lot. We are doing sleep training so I don't like to wake her up at night jut to change her and with these you don't have to.
I used pampers with my son and they worked great. I loved the feel of them and the way they held up. I never had a problem with leakage or sagging. I recently had a daughter and I still love PAMPERS over any other brand. The improvements with the yellow strip down the middle is awesome especially for my husband lol. Overall extremely satisfied!!! :)
I have never had a problem with pampers i will only put these on my baby and only these never have a issues with leaking for shifting.
Worth it for the blue wetness indicator alone! The superior fit and excellent absorbency of these diapers are unmatched. It's the only diapers we use on our twin boys.
Tried different brands and these definitely prevent leaks the best.
I been using for years now and it is the "best" around!
Has super quick absorbency and always is DRY next to baby's skin.
I am sold for life!
I love the swaddlers! They fit my baby the best and keep her dry.
Pampers swaddler diapers are great. I have used them with all 4 of my children and they have always been my favorite brand of diaper. They are good quality and I have never had any problems with leaking.
Baby did well in Pampers Swaddlers even as a newborn with sensitive skin. We tried another diaper and it wasn't the same. Will stick with Pampers, our hospital's choice.
I love pampers swaddlers, they are perfect for newborns and up. The softness gives moms comfort knowing that their little one is comfy and will know when they are wet. I'm glad they have expanded the size up to 5.
I love the diaper lines that pampers offers. My favorite are the swaddled because of the wetness indicator line. It makes determining whether change is needed quick and easy.
really nice for babies iam using pampers for my baby from the day1.pampers swaddlers are super soft,they are really nice or tahe babies delicate skin.The wetness indicator really helps us...i defenetly recommend this product to every one..
The pampers swaddlers. They are comfortable on my baby and they fit great. I recommend these diapers for every baby out there.
Swaddlers are the most perfect newborn diaper. The stripe trains you on knowing when the diaper is wet and needs to be changed, which is a perfect new parent trainer. Also, they're so much softer and more flexible than the other main brands of diapers; they seal better around the legs. I recommend them to every new mom I know!
I would suggest pampers to every single mother out there. I have tried other brands and learnt my lesson. If u want u're kid to always be dry and not leak, then stick to pampers.
Pampers are the best. It never leaks. My baby stays dry over night. Soft. Excellent absorbency. I would never try the other brand again.
I have tried store brand diapers and my son would wake up soaking wet so I switched to pampers and now dont have that problem
They fit your little ones perfect and hold up in absorbency extremely well.
Pampers Swaddlers are my favorite diaper for newborns, even heavy wetters. They fit perfectly, and the color changing line makes it evident when the diaper needs to be changed. This is so helpful when you have a fussy or active baby. Also, these diapers are very absorbent. My second child is a heavy wetter and peed through every diaper brand/type overnight, but Pampers Swaddlers did not leak.
I love the way Swaddlers fit my little guy. The sizing is true to what it says on the package, and the stretch tabs really help keep things in place.
The wetness indicator on these diapers are great for new parents.
I am definitly a pampers snob. The best all around.
We only by Pampers because of the great quality...
The absorbency and dryness of Pampers Swaddlers is great. They do not leak. My baby stays dry throughout the night.
Luv these diapers.my baby sleeps through the night with pampers.highly recommended.
My son likes the cartoon characters and they never fail!!!
Pampers gives me peace of mind that my baby will stay dry and comfortable. I never worry about leaks when he is wearing Pampers! He sleeps 11 hours at night and his clothes are never wet in the morning. Love Pampers!!
Excellent quality and the wetness strip is very helpful.
I have tried almost every diaper out there with my 9 month old little girl. She now is an active crawler. And these are the only diapers that have not given me any problems. They are a little bit on the more expensive side but its worth the cost. I have not once had any leaks and they stretch on the side so it's a perfect fit for her. She has worn and since she is a newborn all the way up to now. And I'm glad they go up to size 5 in the swaddlers! hopefully I will have her out of diapers by the timeshe needs to be in size 6. Who knows. But by far these are the best diapers I have tried and if my daughter can talk I'm sure she would agree!
Great diaper for infants. I like how they give you a sample of the next size diaper so you can determine if your child is ready.
Happy how pampers have worked for both my children.
Pampers is my go to brand! I love the fit and the comfort it provides.
I only use pampers products. I have tried all other product and were not as happy with them.
I never have problems with these pampers. Whether they're a size smaller or bigger, they never leak!
Great diaper. I use this diaper for my two and 8months old kids.
These diapers are great for first time parents. The yello strip lets you know when it's time for a diaper change.
Pampers swaddlers are by far our favorite diapers!! They are super absorbent and gentle on the skin.
Great products keeps baby dry but price is too high
Swaddled pampers are the best for my boy. He enjoys them, fits perfectly. Sizes are accurate
Since her birth last year, my daughter has used many different brands of diapers. This was due to the fact that she had many given to her for baby shower gifts. She soaked through on many occasions with other brands but never with Pampers. Since she now sleeps through the night, it is important that her diaper keeps her dry and comfortable. Pampers diapers keep her dry and she never wakes up because she soaked through her pajamas. Pampers Swaddlers are a favorite because the diapers have a yellow stripe on them which turns blue when wet. This makes checking her diaper much easier.
The blue strip to great and easy to tell for wet or dirty diaper.
Before my baby was born, I did some research on diapers. All of the positive reviews were from Pampers. Since my baby was born, I have been using Pampers. Pampers are the only brand I trust. I was given a competitor diaper as a gift so I tried them, of course the diapers did not compare to Pampers.
We got a bunch of these diapers when our twin daughters came home from the NICU. They worked awesomely, no leaks, and soft/gently on their skin.
I am a first time mom and have only liked pampers from day 1 in the hospital. I have tried other brands, including drugstore brands but pampers are by far the best. My child has never had diaper rash, which i have heard does not happen when using pampers. Because this brand has kept my baby dry and happy, i will continue to buy them in the future. I always use coupons when purchasing diapers because pampers are a little more expensive, but well worth the money! You get what you pay for, they will not disappoint you or your baby. :-)
My son is a tall baby and these have fit him the best. I really enjoy the fit and the overall softness. We tried out some L*** and a few other brands of diapers for a period of two weeks. The absorption was almost comparable, but the fit was off and ALL of them were so scratchy! I cannot imagine my son being active in those scratchy things! We will never go back :)
My baby sleeps through the entire night in pampers diapers!
Everyone told us to try other brands when our daughter got to size 1. We did and went right back to Pampers. We've learned our lessons. If you must try others, ask friends to give you a few of the other brands to test out. You will be glad you didn't buy an entire pack of diapers that you feel obligated to use.
In comparison to other brands, Pampers swaddlers are the most absorbant and keep the baby's skin the dryest. I really like the liner that keeps the skin dry. The wetness indicator is definitely a plus. There is nothing that I do not like about the diaper.
As for me and my family we are Pampers all the way. I have tried another brand once but that's because they were given to me. I was not satisfied at all with that brand and was happy when I needed to open our box of Pampers : )
Tried using other brands I got from the baby shower... yea that didn't work so well!! Used twice as many diapers and they just felt cheap! I'll stick with my Pampers.
Pampers Swaddlers is the best diaper on the market. Not only are they the softest, but it also has a wetness indicator to let you know when its time to change.
Pampers kept our babies dryer than any other diaper.
These diapers are great. They fit well and seem to not leak as some other diapers we have used.
I have never had any issues. The only time I have had a leak is when it is time to move up a size!
Great product, I use it every day. My husband also enjoys Pampers especially for their lovely smell
Pampers swaddlers have been great for my son since birth. Always a great fit, good quality, fair price, and dry and comfortable for my little guy who is always on the move!
I love how soft the Pampers Swaddlers feel. They fit snugly, but not too tight and I know my little one is comfortable when wearing them.
my daughter has been wearing the pampers swaddlers since she was a newborn I love the way they feel, fit and are cut and she can cruise on around in them. I also like the absorbency and dryness that last overnight , I especially like how she has never had a diaper rash in them cause some diapers I know irritate the skin sometimes but never have I had a problem with pampers, and seems like she is most comfortable in them too.
When our daughter was born we tried a few different types of diapers, but Pampers were by far the best fit and kept her dry.
I love Pampers swaddlers. I used it with my first born and using it again with my second child. We got huggies as gifts and I used a couple but they leaked whereas Pampers did not.
I use regular pampers swaddlers on my twin daughters. I love these diapers they fit well very seldom have leakage problems. My girls have sensitive skin and pampers keep them dry and allow them to keep from getting diaper rash. I refuse to buy any other diaper!
i love the fit and that they do not leak! best diapers
Love the Swaddlers. I have used these for both my kids! I'm glad they now come in the larger sizes.
I love the way they fit my son!! Swaddlers is so soft!
These diapers are awesome!! My son has like no butt at all and these diapers are the ONLY ones that fit!!! Thanks pampers!!
My twins can not use any other diapers! Not even other brands of pamper it has to be swaddlers!
I've been using pamper swaddlers since my son was a newborn, the fit is perfect and the diaper itself is very soft. We did have some leaks a couple times when he started sleeping thru the night so I would recommend overnight diapers
The swaddlers are awesome!! They work very well for our little one & they keep her dry & allow her to move when she is crawling.
We have limited options for our baby girl as she inherited her mommy's sensitive skin. We have been with Pampers Sensitive from the start and even use the wipes. Keeps her dry AND clear!
Absolutely love Pampers Swaddlers! I've used other diapers, including ones that say they are like Pampers, but none compare to Pampers Swaddlers!
I've tried several other brands of diapers. Pampers Swaddlers keep my twin girls very dry. The diapers fit very well and rarely break. Seldom do they ever leak! Pricy, but there are always coupons available!!
When my now 23 month old was first born we used pampers swaddlers because that's what the hospital used and sent us home with. As gifts we had gotten other name brands and preferred the pampers swaddlers his first year. We then attempted a cheaper brand and found that we were using more of the cheaper which was costing us as much as a larger box of pampers that would last longer. We have now gone back to swaddlers and will continue until he is ready for pampers pull ups.
Very good quality diapers. The wetness indicator strip is ingenious!!
My son is 2 years old and we've been using Swaddlers Diapers since he was in a size 3. We switched from another brand of diaper and boy am I glad that we did. We've tried other diapers to see if they were as good as Swaddlers and have found out that they haven't been. We haven't reached nearly as many leakages as we have with other diapers either. I would definately recommend Swaddlers to other moms as a great girlfriend and mother I know recommended to me.
My husband calls the swaddlers diapers for dummies, the blue indicator strip is real convenient. The only drawback is that they do not hold as much as the baby dry diapers do but for the first few months these diapers were awesome. They are soft and very easy to use.
No matter how long my Peanut sleeps, these keep in the wetness!
I was so happy to see that Pampers extended the sizes for their Swaddlers diapers! My little guy is in the size 4. We love the fit - even when that diaper is sagging from the weight of what's in it, the legs are still snug with no gaps! Fabulous product!
I was asked what diapers I wanted from my guest at my baby shower and I told everyone it doesnt matter so I ended up with every brand. But i have to say that Pampers has been the best brand I have used. My son soaks right through every other brand but Pampers is the only one who can hold all his soakage.
Being first time parents, we found the wetness indicator valuable. The notch for the umbilical cord was great because other brands rubbed up against it. We also found that the swaddler sizes fit better than some other brands. Our baby has just begun wearing size 3 swaddlers and they still fit the best.
When I found out I was pregnant diapers became a big deal. Noticing baby items Ive never paid attention to or even concerned myself with. Pampers was one of the first diaper commercialsI saw and this when I was introduced to Pampers swaddlers. I was around 4 months when i bought my first pack and even though my twins were still baking in the oven I still wanted to try them out. So I started the trial for these diapers pouring small amounts of water on them every hour for a total of 4 hours and just like the commercial said they dont leak. Besides the cute look and awesome smell they really work. Needless to say my babies are 2 months old and even their dad agrees that pampers swaddlers will be the ONLY diapers we put any money into buying and I will promote them as much as i can!!!
I love pampers. All types. I have used them with all four of my kids. With my youngest I tried several other brands and always had to come back to pampers. There is no comparison. No skin breakdown or leakage.
Pampers Swaddlers fit my baby so much better than other diapers. They're great at keeping her dry too!
I won't you anything else but pampers sensitive wipes and diapers. I recommended them to everyone. Thanks Pampers!
I love the swaddlers! They absorb great and fit perfect on chunky babies!
I love these diapers. My son is one year old and we have never had a leak, unless he was wearing another brand! So happy Swaddlers have bigger sizes now. When my twins were born I used the preemie and nb sizes.
These diapers are great. Great fit, absorbency and odor control. This is the only brand of diaper my daughter wears!
Very absorbable and I love the wetness indicator. These are super soft. And really comfortable for baby.
Pampers diapers are amazing. I have tried other diapers for my son and it seems like he would leak out of them. Then I tried pampers and they were absolutely amazing. He stays dry all night. I love pampers and wouldn't ever use anything else.
Pampers diapers are seriously THE BEST out there! Never had a problem with them! Always and will forever love them!
We love these diapers! Hold lots of fluid and poopie and so soft!
I love the sensitive diapers because they are just as tough and absorbent as the normal swaddlers with the added protection of sensitivity.
I only use Pampers Swandlers. We have never had a leak even during the night.
I especially love the wetness indicater on the front of the diaper. This lets me know if I should change the diaper.
Love these diapers!!! They are my favorite brand so far.
I have tried other brands. Pampers are the only diapers that keep him dry.
Love these diapers! Wouldn't recommend anything but pampers. Tried huggies and didn't have as great results as I did with pampers
I have 3 children and have used Pampers for each one. It doesn't matter which one (Swaddlers, Baby Dry or Cruisers). They all are a great diaper. Swaddlers are the most soft and comfortable diaper and I am so HAPPY that they go up to size "5" now.

I have tried other brands but none compare, not even Huggies!!

Thanks for making the best diapers ever Pampers!!!

xoxo
This diaper works wonderful. The little blue line wet indicator is a great accessory to the diaper. The diaper worked great up until my child was about 7 months. Once he started going to the bathroom more throughout the night he began to have leakage. I would still recommend these diapers to anyone no matter my issue.
We have used swaddlers on both of our girls and have loved them! They fit great and we have never had to worry about leaks...even through the night!!!
Diaper rash cream? Who needs it with pampers diapers?!? This is my 3rd child and nothing beats pampers for my precious little ones.
I have used these on both of my children. They are very soft and rarely leak.
This product is a great product. It is very reliable and durable. My daughter is very comfortable in it
I have used Pampers Swaddlers since birth. My son was given them in the hospital so we just stuck with them. I have yet to have any problems with wetness! They seem to fit his body perfectly!
The Swaddlers diapers work great. No other diaper can hold the mess or smell better than Pampers. They are easy to put on, adjust and just plain work great.
I only buy Pampers. They are the best fitting and have no complaints.
We had been gifted a few different brands of diapers for our daughter & nothing compares to Swaddlers. My husband tells me at least every week how he loves the softness, and while I can usually feel if a diaper is wet, he relies on that wetness indicator. They fit better, they feel better, and they keep her dry. Because our daughter sleeps 10-12 hours overnight, we have started to also use the Pampers Extra Protection for overnight, but keep Swaddlers on her all day!
Pampers are the only diapers I will ever buy for my baby! I know moms that choose other brands of diapers and their babies have diaper rash or leakage, and those are two things I've never had to worry about with Pampers. I used Swaddlers when she was a newborn, we are using Cruisers now that she is walking around and we use Baby Dry diapers at bed time, which I believe have helped her sleep through the night since she was two months old. Thank you Pampers!!
The color changing wetness detector is awesome!! Great absorbent diapers and super soft against skin.
I have tried other brands but Pampers is the only brand that doesn't leak and doesn't give my child a rash
I love how soft these diapers are! They fit great and are not bulky. I also love that they don't make that embarrassing "crunching" noise when baby moves.
My infant has mommy and daddy's bubble bootie. with that being said "other" diapers would not "catch" all of the mess that comes out because they did not cover her bottom completely. A fourth month old wearing a size 5 .... With Pampers, my daughter is completely covered and no more poo going all the way up her back!! yuck! Thank you for your soft and durable diapers!
From the moment I knew I was pregnant I knew I was going to use Pampers. When we were at the hospital we were given pampers swadlers and they were perfect four our baby girl. They fit her perfectly and kept her nice and dry. now that she is over a year we wouldn't dream of her being in any other brand of diaper.
It's the best and unique one that we use for my baby...
Excellent product. I have used many wipes and Pampers is by far the best.
This is the only diaper I use for son and when I have more kids in the future this is all I will use. They are really absorbent and nice and soft.
Best diapers, fits perfect, no saggy bottom ! Keep baby dry and great coverage.
Pampers Swaddlers are my favorite diapers, but I don't always buy them because they are higher priced than other brands. With the number of diapers my baby uses each day it is important that we get a good value. I love the wetness indicator. My newborn could wear them almost all night without a diaper change and still be dry.
My seven month old has sensitive skin. I have tried other diaper and she will get a rash. I have never had a problem with swadellers.
I am a mom with 4 children that i have used pampers on. The crusiers are awsome. would not think of using anything else
I am a pampers mom for sure...my daughter is always in them! They fit her when she is on the move with no leaks, when she is sleeping with no leaks as well, we even had her in one when we went swimming with none of the stuff inside falling out or getting all over her! We love our pampers
My LO stays dry throughout the night, which is what us new mothers need to catch up on our rest after a full day's worth of being a mommy! She slept 10 hours straight without fussing one bit! I would highly recommend Pampers Baby Dry!
Never thought a diaper could leave my babys bottom so dry! Will definately keep on buying this product brand!!
My son gets rashes with other brands and even Pampers Baby Dry but the Swaddlers and Cruisers have worked great for him!
We love the fit of the swaddlers! They are super soft... closest thing to cloth diapers!
We received pampers swaddlers from the hospital. I tried another brand from an open package I was given. Absolutely no comparison. Pampers swaddled all the way.
I tried using Huggies. They are nothing compared the Pampers. I will never buy another brand.
These diapers are so soft and surprisingly absorbent. My daughter can sleep up to 9 hours at night and she hasn't leaked once!
I absolutely love these diapers. They fit well, are soft, and I've had the least explosive poops with these compared to other brands. Hands down my favorites!
Before I had my first child, I told myself I was not going to be brand loyal to diapers. BOY WAS I WRONG. A friend of mine gave me some other brand name diapers to try. EVERY TIME my child needed a diaper change, so did her outfit. This was exhausting. So, I bought Pampers because that is what they used in the hospital and seemed to work great. Let's just say I have never switched brands or even tried any other brands since. I tell all my friends my story and highly recommend them trying Pampers. Baby #2 has been in, and will only be in Pampers. LOVE.
I love Pampers products. The pampers are very absorbent. I never have had a problem with them. My baby stays dry and comfortable. They fit very well to my baby's bottom. I will definitely continue to use Pampers products.
I love these diapers. They fit my son well and we have not had to worry about leaks. They will hold everything in if he sleeps through the night!
I Love These Pampers Swaddles For My NewBorn. I Love The Fact It TellS You When Its Wet.
Love these diapers! Better than huggies and luvs. These are the only diapers that my son does not have blow outs in! And that makes me one loya and happyl mommy!
I love this product - have been using Pampers Swaddlers since my 8 week old was in the hospital. Used newborn size and now size 1. They fit her very well and do not leak at all!
The diapers have a soft feel and are confy for my baby. They are absorbent and last long.
Great overall fit.! Plus there's a yellow indicator that turns green when wet so no unnecessary changes, So don't waste your money on anything else!
My favorite diaper hands down that I have used on my children. A great item!
Loved these diapers for my newborn. Sensitive for their new skin yet so absorbent to keep him dry.
They keep my little one nice and dry, and they are very soft!
I am a mother of 3 that has trusted Pampers with all of my children. I have never had any problems with absorbency and keeping my babies dry. I love that the Swaddlers have the wetness indicator on them so I know when my baby needs a diaper change.
The best diaper I have tried!! I have twin boys and changing clothes due to leaks can make for a lot of extra laundry I do not need. I have tried other diapers and nothing compares to the softness and quality of pampers.
My son is still in the hospital and this is the brand they use. I am very pleased with the protection that he gets with the swaddle Pampers
I love Pampers swaddlers! They fit my babies perfectly... I started using pampers diapers with my daughter and when my son came along I attempted to use other brands to "save" money. It was a waste to do so none of the other brands where to my liking and the pampers fit the best. My daughter has skinny lil legs and the pampers fit perfectly where as my son has chunky legs and the pampers fit him perfectly as well!
We had no idea which diaper brand to buy but went with Pampers on a whim. Turns out they were a great fit and held up with all of the unexpectedness of a newborn. I especially love the gentle, clean smell of Pampers especially compared to Huggies which I found allowed a urine smell to seep through. Swaddlers are also not as bulky and help to maintain that cute newborn bum.
The hospital used these diapers with my daughter and they worked so well, that I never tried another brand!
Pampers is the best. I have never had a leak. The fit is great and its super soft. The line is so awesome!!
Love this product! I never have any issues with leaks like I have had with other diapers while my son was growing up.
I love how soft these diapers are. The absorbency is good, but the fit does seem a little off for my son.
I love how soft the Swaddler's line is. I've used these diapers the most since Kailan was born 9 months ago. The hospital used these so I was introduced to them right away. He was a little over 5lbs and the preemie diapers worked wonderfully.
Personally, I prefer Pampers because they seem to fit my son better than other diapers. I also like to indicator line to let you know when the diaper is wet. I always buy Pampers.
We used swaddlers for our daughter and our son. It is a wonderful product. Very good absorbancy. We would never use another product but pampers swaddlers for our children.
This diaper is consistent and soft to my baby skin, it holds well. And withstands well with great absorbency. I tried other diapers and I experienced blow outs and wetness very quickly. Pampers swaddlers are so wonderful I returned all other diapers I received as baby shower gifts for these!
The wetness indicator is a life saver! I couldn't be more satisfied with Pampers!
Swaddlers diapers were may favorite for both my kids when they were little. They are very absorbent. So happy they are making them in bigger sizes now.
We only use pampers on our 3 kids. Nothing else compares.
Every since my first child I have went with pampers and that's been 10 years ago !!! And now I have 3 kids !! I highly recommend pampers to all new moms and current moms and I always will !!
I used swaddlers up to about 9 months and I loved them. The indicators were great since my daughter never cried when she was wet. The absorbency was pretty great too and that's probably the most imp factor.
Swaddlers in the new bigger sizes are great too-- soft and cuddly!
I have used Pampers Swaddlers with both of my kids. They both had sensitive skin and these diapers did not irritate their skin. They are also really absorbent and can go through the night!
The swaddlers work well and they seem to be softer then regular diapers. I prefer the swaddlers when the store carries them. There usually out bc everyone is using them.
Pampers Swaddlers were the only diaper that fit my baby from birth until she was 5 months old. Despite being a full term 6lb 5oz baby, she has remained petite. All other diapers had too much room around the legs, so they would leak. They are very soft and absorbent, only leaking during infancy with breastfed baby liquid BM's.
My baby does not make too many messy mistakes wearing Pampers Swaddlers. Pampers is a must have for all parents. Especially new parents!
I love Pamper swaddler diapers they fit my son perfectly!
I bought a lot of Huggies Little Snugglers before she was born because everyone recommended them. I wasn't going to use pampers at all. But we started using them in the hospital. We had planned on using the sensitive wipes already. I have never had a blowout, or leak with these. The first time I put Huggies on her she got a chemical burn and it leaked. I am so happy you guys have made an awesome product. I will never to with another brand for her. swaddlers are the absolute best. 6 months now and never another type of diaper since. Love the product.
I love pampers they have such great products. We wouldn't trade the diapers for any other brand.
Pampers diapers fit amazing and absorb really well! They are the best for infants!
Swaddlers are perfect for your newborn. They are gentle on baby's sensitive skin.
We are dedicated Pampers users. We only use Swaddlers and Cruisers. Nothing compares. Not even close.
Every night as I tuck my little man into bed, I know I can trust that he will wake up comfortable and not soaked through. One less thing to stress about in life!
Was the diaper provided by the hospital and I continued to use them. Love pampers products!
The product is overall great. Love how they fit on my baby.
I loved the soft feel of the Swaddlers for my newborn. The absorbency is great, and the wetness indicator is extremely helpful...especially for new daddies...it was really helpful for my husband.
I find Pampers are by far, the best diaper. With our two babies we have tried each brand bur for peace of mind and comfort, Pampers is the best.
Swaddlers are my husband and I's favorite diaper! We have tried other brands and nothing compares to pampers swaddlers. The fit and ease of putting them on is so much better than other diapers. We love them!
I love pampers brand diapers. When I had my first daughter, at first I didn't use pampers but as soon as I did, that was all that I used for her. After having my second daughter, pampers is all I use for her
We have used swaddlers since day 1. As our son moved into size 3 we tried out a pack of Pampers baby dry that we had been given and immediately missed the swaddlers. They seem to be much easier on our son's sensitive skin and we have only had one or two leakage issues.
My 8 month old baby can go all night without no diaper change! And he still wakes up dry! I love them
Swaddlers are our favorite diaper by far. Have had no breakouts from them, great absorbency, and love that they extended the size up to 5 now.
We were introduced to these diapers in the NICU and were so impressed with how incredibly soft they were. Not being able to hold, comfort, or provide for your baby when they are in such a fragile state is so incredibly difficult. It was truly nice knowing our triplet babies had the comfort of a soft diaper (as silly as that may seem). We tried several other brands when we got home simply because we received them as gifts, but never made it through more than a few of each brand. None were near as soft, absorbent or well-fitting. We can't thank pampers enough for offering such a great product.
We tried several other brands and had numerous diaper blow outs and many outfit changes. With pampers we very very rarely ever have diaper leaks! Also other brands didn't seem to fit my babies legs very well. Her legs are a bit lean and all the other brands left huge gaps in her legs. We will only use pampers
I love the pampers swaddlers and that is all that I have used on my 2 month old. We did receive some huggies as gifts and tried those out but they just leaked through everytime. Definitely love pampers and all of their products. I also only use the pampers natural wipes as well and we haven't had any diaper rash using pampers products.
I love these diapers. I tried many different brands on my son and they all leaked. Pampers Swaddlers are the best. They keep him dry and fit perfectly.
Awesome product! We love swaddlers! We won't use anything else!
Pampers diapers provide parents ease of mind when their child is sleeping and you may not be able to change them as soon as they wet. Pampers are a quality diaper at good prices.
We love how there is room for the umbilical cord because of the cut out, for our newborn. Our two year old also uses swaddlers and has never had a problem with the absorbency.
I used Pamper's Swaddlers with my first born and now I'm back at it with my second, happy as ever. The soft material is perfect for baby's sensitive skin. Not only does the wetness indicator makes it super easy to know when it's time for a diaper change, but also lets me know when baby makes #1 along with #2 (which is crucial the first few weeks).
We were introduced to swaddlers at the hospital after my daughter was born. As a new parent, the color changing stripe was a wonderful tool. My husband refuses to buy anything else now.
I love this brand and type of pamper for my little girl. We have been using this one since day one and wouldn't think of trying a different brand.
This diapers are great! .my baby is been using them simce she was born and we havent had big accidents love them .
These are the ONLY diapers I trust for my baby. They are soft and gentle on his delicate skin while still being super absorbent. I like that the don't bunch up when he pees and sag. These are the BEST diapers on the market and the only thing I will ever trust on my boy!
Good quality diapers! It's all I buy for our babies.
I use the newborn pampers and they are amazing. Definitely better than Huggies on how much the absorb. I love the wetness strip on the front of the diapers- makes it much easier. The cute little sesame street characters on the top of the diapers are only a plus (:
_ I would definitely recommend Pampers
They are the only diaper I will use.!
I received pampers swaddlers at my baby shower along with huggies and store brands of diapers and after trying them out pampers swaddlers are seriously the best! The netting inside the diapers keeps the poo off of my baby's bottom and after 2 months I've still never had a leak. Pampers is the only brand I buy.
Never had an issue with swaddlers! They worked great and fit my child perfectly.
I've tried several other brands over the last few months of my son's life, but nothing works better than Pampers, especially for overnight protection. My son will sometimes sleep for 10 hours at night and we've never had a leak, unlike with other brands.
they are amazing! no leaking and stay dry very soft
Always choose these for my "night time" diapers. Baby Dry for daytime. Swaddlers have the best absorbancy.
Best diapers. Tried others, but they do not compare!
When my boy was born hospital gave me Pampers Swaddlers and from that day till now i am using pampers. I really feel relax that my boy is using comfortable and relaxed diaper. He wear them all the time and remain in happy mood. Thats the only thing any mom wants. I will definately recommend them to all new moms.
What I love about this product is the indicator line if it is wet. I am a busy Mom of 3 and sometimes I just forget to change the baby. Now when I see the green line I know I need to change the baby.
I have 4 children and have used pampers for all of them. With my first I experimented with other brands and none did as good a job. With others I had found myself changing diapers twice as much. I recommend pampers all the time to family and friends and have never had a bad review from them, they love them as much as I do. The fit is great and leakage protection is awesome.
I like Pampers brand the best over other diaper brands. They are the most absorbent and the best at keeping messes in. And out of the varieties, Swaddlers are my all time favorite. I like the fit and the wetness indicator is great! My daughter almost never fusses over her diaper, the Swaddlers are keeping the wetness away from her skin. (Good thing there is that indicator!)
We have used Pampers since day one with our little boy. We tried other brands but he would leak constantly. Once we had gone through all the other brand diapers from our shower, we have stuck strictly to pampers!! Love the diapers!!!
This was the first time I tried the pamper's swaddlers and I think they held out really good. They didn't leak at all! I'll be using these again! :)
I have used pampers since he was born! I received other brands from my baby shower but these do not match up to the quality, absorbency and fit that pampers have! Would never buy another brand!
We love Pampers. We've tried other brands but Pampers has always been the best. We loved the Sungglers when our daughter was a newborn, and we love the Baby Dry now that she is a toddler. The wetness indicator was an amazing help for a sleep deprived first time parent. We use Pampers Natural Clean wipes as well. They do a fantastic job and don't leave my hands feeling icky. Thank you Pampers!
Pampers are definitely superior to the other brands out there. I can always rely on pampers to keep my little ones dry, but also comfortable..
Pampers swaddlers are the only diaper I use on my son because they fit well and work great. My favorite feature is the wet line so there is never a doubt if the diaper is wet.
i used pampers from day 1. its a GREAT diaper, pampers swaddles are great because they have a cut out for the cord to not pull it out. they are also very helpful because they have a yellow line on them and when your baby pees it turns blue. VERY helpful...
I've used pampers swaddlers since my son was born and I've never had a problem with them. They keep him dry during the night and their leak proof. They're also very soft and my son stays comfy through out the day.
Won't use any other brand! Changed to Luvs to save money, and my toddler started peeing through them and not sleeping through the night. Were back to Pampers!
We love Pampers swaddle. My son has less rashes, and the temperature absorbed more than the average. it's baby two on the way are you stocking up on Pampers. Could not amending using another brand!!
These were the only diapers my daughter fit perfectly in. I love Pampers Swaddlers for their softness and comfort. Huggies felt like cardboard and she leaked out of them too. Im never going back to anything else!
I have tried many brands of diapers and like Pampers the most. The fit is great and very absorbant. My husband likes the wetness detector feature.
Best fit for newborns by far! No leaking in these compared to other brands
I never have a problem with leaks during the day or throughout the night. LOVE LOVE LOVE pampers swaddlers!
LOVE Pampers Swaddlers! They never Leak and they fit my Little one Perfectly!
Love pampers every type, swaddlers are so soft for the newborn and cruisers for crawlers I have never had issues with these pamper products they are simply the best
Love pamper diapers and really love the swaddlers! so so soft.
Pamper Swaddlers are the absolute best. I wouldn't buy any other diapers. I recommend all these to my friends and family. I buy for babyshowers and everything. I have three kids and all three have been brough up on pampers!
As a new parent I was looking for a diaper that was comfortable, absorbent, soft, and that fit my child when they move it moved with them. I love pampers swaddlers they really fit my child's needs. I would recommend them to all friends and family.
It was extremely helpful to have the wetness indicator in the infant sizes. Rather than keeping track of diaper changing by timer, you can just see if the diaper is dry, wet or really wet. Makes so much more sense!
I love swaddled and the tell tell blue line. My little guy soaks thru all other brands and get extremely fussy but not with s waddlers... I am a pampered swaddlers mom for life!!!!
Amazing difference from other brands
first time mother and I wouldn't change it a bit
Pampers swaddlers are my favorite diaper. They are soft, don't have an obnoxious design, and the work great! When they came out with bigger sizes I was thrilled!
Since my son was born, no offense to huggies but i definitely prefer this product because he doesn't leak through like he does in huggies
When my oldest daughter who is 7 now was a baby these were the only kind of diapers she could use. They worked so great when I had my second daughter I wouldn't even think of putting her in a different brand. Now that my third daughter is here that's all we use. Why change when I can go with what works.
I tend to bounce around between the major brands as my daughter grows. Pampers tend to last the longest before we have to transfer brands to prevent leaks. As she gets older I really appreciate the minimal padding more and more. I don't feel like she has to waddle. The only thing that is sometimes an issue is after she wakes in the morning or after her medication (she is on a diuretic for a heart issue and therefore urinated large amounts frequently) I have to be cautious not to put too much pressure on the diaper or some of the liquid can squish out. But even with the really big diapers, her skin stays reasonably dry. I also really appreciate the high back. Stools that smear up her back are never fun, it is even worse if it manages to make it to her shirt. I very rarely have those disasters when she is wearing Pampers. If they weren't quite so pricy, I would use them all of the time.
Pampers Swaddlers are the best diapers for both baby boys and girls. I used them when my son was born. He would leak out of any other brand diaper and I would have to change his clothes and sheets. We never had a problem like that when he wore Pampers. I know have a baby girl and we use then with her. They fit perfect! We love the line that changes to indicate a wet diaper! I would definitely recommend these diapers to everyone!
The changes made to pampers make them so much better. We used them for our first daugther 5 years ago until she was potty trained and they have come along way. We just had another baby 7 weeks ago and I havent had any issues with her diapers. I love the wetness indicator to let me know when and how wet she is. I also love how dry they keep her at night since she sleeps thru for 10-12 hours and never wakes up with any leaks. GREAT improvements!
LOve that the diapers keep my son dry through the night
Pampers is all I will out my daughter in! Have tried Luvs, Huggies, and honest company and pampers is by far the best! Never have any leaking. The fit is great! Love love love!!!
I love using Pampers for my son. I have used other brands and they don't seem to do the job.
We love the swaddlers. No leaks, fits perfectly . Very pleased
Pampers Swaddlers diapers are by far my favorite Pampers product.
loved these diapers, I tried different kinds and nothing compared
We have tried several brands and these have been our favorite. The wetness indicator is super handy, and we have only ever had occasional blowouts.
As a new mom four years ago I was unsure of what diapers to choose. After using 6 different diaper types and receiving Pampers as a gift I was immediately brand loyal. Thousands of diapers later and 4 years, I am still using Pampers for my second son.

Pampers is the best at preventing leaks (for boys), the diaper absorbancy is great and the feel of the diaper is soft. I can count on one hand the number of blowouts I have experienced with my two boys in Pampers (all of which were not product but child induced).
Swaddlers help keep my baby dry for a longer period of time and are easy for him to move and scoot around in.
Ever since my baby was born I have been using pampers and I am so great full I got this brand! I never had a problem with this brand. My son and I are very happy with this brand and I know new parents and their babies would be very happy with this brand too. :)
This product was great at keeping my little guy dry. We struggled with and on going sensitivity with him and this diaper was the solution! It kept him dry enough to ease his little rash and once I started using pampers wipes on him he didn't have a rash anymore. We tried many other types of diapers and brands and this diaper made the biggest difference for us.
My daughter is one month old and we won't use anything other than Pampers. We've tried several other brands, but they do not keep her dryer longer than Pampers. I love the wetness indicator too -- keeps me from guessing if she needs changing!
Pampers are the only brand diapers I use. My little boy has very sensitive skin and Pampers are gentle on his skin. The fit is great and they never leak and blow outs are rare.
I love how the swadlers are sensitive to my babies skin.( who has sensitive skin) I also love the fact that there is the indicator strip to let you know when your baby is wet!
Overall, loved this diaper! Can be somewhat expensive but that would be the biggest downside to these. I never did see the umbilical cord spot but was able to fold over the top of the diaper so as not to rub on her umbilical cord. Absorbs quite well, not soaking through her clothes at all!
These diapers keep baby dry and don't get clothes damp the way other brands do.
I have used Pampers swaddlers on both of my children. It provides great absorbency and also has a great fit.
Love pampers being a mom to a heart baby they are the best
Loved these pampers I was a new mom and this would indicate when my son diaper was wet or dirty.
I love pampers swaddlers newborn diapers. For new baby i think these are the best diapers to use. they are soft and smooth against baby. they smell like baby lotion. They have a line that turns blue when the baby potties, i thinks nice cause even if its just a little potty baby doesnt need to sit in it.
As this our first child, we were informed that once we found the diaper brand that worked best for us, we would stick with it. Pampers has been our favorite for our newborn baby girl so we will definitely be a Pampers family. The yellow stripe has been great to confirm when she has a wet diaper and we've only had one instance (so far) where it has leaked after a blowout. She stays dry and hasn't had an issue with diaper rash.
The Swaddlers Diapers have great protection, with a soft, yet durable texture. We love them!
We have tried several other diaper brands in our house but always come back to Pampers. They are the only diaper that have worked for my kids without leaking.
When the hospital sent us home with a pack of Swaddlers, I knew they had to be good. I was a H*ggies fan with my first child, but Pampers has won me over with the soft cloth life Swaddlers.
I tried every brand name and off brand name diapers and swaddlers were the only ones I liked. They are absorbent and have a mesh lining so the diaper doesn't stick to newborn bottoms. LOVE
When my son was born in January the hospital used Pampers Swaddlers on him. When I got home I used Huggies comparable diaper because I had received them as a gift. My son wet through those diapers on multiple occasions. I decided to spend the money to buy Pampers Swaddlers even though I had boxes of competitor's diapers. Ever since then, no wet problems!
I have tried other brand diapers and immediately went back to pampers and back to dry mornings!!
We fell in love with the wetness indicator on the newborn size Pampers, and were upset when we had to move up to the size 1 diapers. I was so excited when I found out that the swaddlers size 1 also featured the wetness indicator. As our boy grows and begins moving, it is becoming more difficult to tell when the diaper is sagging from movement or wetness. The indicator allows us to check with out taking the diaper off. They have been super absorbent and have held even the biggest of messes even when he was still so small. Thank you for making quality diapers for a great price!
This is a very good product it does not leave rashes like other leading brands and they moved with my sons body I recommend it to all mothers I'm 38 weeks now and plan and stocked up on pampers diapers and wipes for my soon to come daughter !
Pampers are the best diapers. I personally think they smell amazing too. They do not give our daughter a rash. She used them in the NICU. We have since returned all of our huggies diapers and replaced with pampers.
Pampers Swaddlers are my number one go to diapers. I have very few complaints about them. The dryness indicator is very handy, the character face(s) help me to monitor his weight gain, they stay dry through the night, and they don't irritate my son. All around great product :)
After buying Pampers I couldn't wait to put them on the little one after hearing various of people talk about how well the diapers were. Once I put them on the baby, I didn't have any more diaper blow outs or anything of that nature. Little Swaddlers are the best and they hold everything in so well! I will continue to buy Pampers products!
Having had my youngest over 12 years ago and now starting all over with a newborn, many things have changed over the years. Pampers was the brand I used for my first two children so with number three pampers was the brand I would try once again. I was totally impressed with how dry it kept my newborn girl! The newborn fit is great and has been working better than I could have hoped! Thanks for being consistent over the years pampers!
Got a bunch of these from friends in my gift box before my baby arrived. Didn't use them at first as I wanted to use the Honest diapers with cute prints that I had bought. Honest diapers gave my little baby diaper rash his first week of life and were definitely not as soft as the Pampers Swaddlers! Love them now!
5months diaper rash free! Best Diapers out today..
I love the wetness indicator. We rarely have blowouts. Love these diapers.
I absolutely love every inch of the pampers vision! Soft , absorbent, durable and, perfect fit.
Pampers are the best. No leaks, and great fit for my baby.
Nothing can Replace pampers diaper.love it!!!!!!!!
These diapers are the ones we like best of all the brands we've tried. Our baby is 4 months old and we've received a variety of brands as gifts, this one is the one we choose to purchase when we're at the store.
The price is right and the fit is great. The wetness indicator makes for a quick and easy check before putting our baby down for a nap to make sure she is fresh and dry.
We have only had leaks when she wears them overnight.
By far out Beats any other diaper I've tried! Never once have had a leak!!
I always use Pampers Swaddlers. They work great and I love the wetness indicater. It makes checking to see if my baby is wet much easier!
The best! It's the only one I use. I tried others but it doesn't compare.
I have four children and I started using pampers diapers and wipes with my first child. Nothing else compares to it. I've tried other brands, but always regretted it... Stick to pampers!
I cant help but love these diapers. They are really soft and my son never has any leakage. I have tried other diapers but in the end I always come back to Pampers Swaddlers. I will not use any other diapers as my son gets older.
I like the fact it show when they are wet, also it can hold a lot and definitely soft on my babies bottom.
Another great product from Pampers. Yes, it's couple of extra cents for each diapers comparing to other brands but what you get for your baby is PRICELESS!
Amazing for a new born baby! The swaddle was definitely a plus!7
I love how pampers products help me easier for taking care of my baby.
Nice products.very worth able. Am very satisfied with diapers and diaper sensitive wipes.
We were given Pampers Swaddlers in the hospital and have never turned back! We tried Huggies Snugglers but I found that they leaked. We also were given generic brand diapers but I found that they were very rough on her poor bottom! I like the softness of Pampers and that they seem to contour well to her body.
This is absolutely the only diaper brand I will use. I used them on my now 3 year old and I am now using them on my newborn. The only diaper that won't leak!
After having no success with another brand of diaper, Pampers Swaddlers worked wonderful for us!
We have two little ones. We've tried many diapers & pampers work best for us!! Sometimes it's hard to tell if your little one is wet & the wet line indicator is awesome!! We would recommend these to all the new parents!
I've tried several brands of diapers for my newborn son and Pampers are by far the best. They keep him dry and comfortable, especially through the night, and never leak.
I've tried 4 brands. Pampers are the best hands down!
Pampers Swaddlers are fantastic!! The band is comfortable and never comes undone. My son is super picky when it comes down to what gets put onto him, but even he loves Pampers! They never leak and I just love the moisture indicating line! As a first time parent, it's fool-proof!
Theses diapers are great and help keep in messes! Plus they are nice and soft.
When our son was born almost 4 years ago we found pampers swaddlers were the ONLY diapers that fit him snug and never leaked. We continue to only use these for our 4 month old daughter now too the brand is so reliable and the quality is excellent!
My son had been wearing Pampers Swaddle since he was born, until recently when he changed to a different brand (we got them from friends during his baby shower). Right away, he got diaper rash. He was much better after switching back to Pampers. Pampers are softer compared to other brands and are so much better to baby skin!
They gave me pampers swaddlers in the hospital when my baby was born, and I really liked this product, it is very soft and it dry quickly so my baby's skin was protected against rash.
Keeps baby happy ,,, we used for two kids and never had any issues.
They keep baby dry threw the night. They also fit my daughter perfectly.
This product is perfect for babies with sensitive skin. It is gentle.
I've been using Pampers swaddlers since two months now ,my baby girl loves it , because it makes her so comfortable & clean. I like how soft it is, my baby girl has a very sensitive skin but with Pampers swaddlers I'm not worried at all !
These diapers are great. I've been using them since my daughter was born one year ago. I have tried two other brands of diapers but both times came back to Swaddlers because of their quality. My daughter sleeps 12 hours through the night, and I don't ever have to wake up to change her diaper. I put on a fresh one before she goes to bed, and when she wakes up, although the diaper is completely saturated, neither she nor the bed are wet. And she's NEVER gotten diaper rash, in an entire year! The line that turns blue to let you know the diaper is wet is also very helpful, especially when you're first starting out as a new mom. I love these diapers!!! I gave "fit" 4 stars only because I usually have to switch to a bigger size before my daughter reaches the max weight listed for each size. She is a tall, skinny baby, so I'm not sure how that affects fit, but otherwise, these diapers are great!
Others leaked or gave a rash. These are great and baby is dry all night.
Absorb great and ture to size. They also have cute patterns too
My baby has a very narrow waste and almost no rushy, and these diapers fit him so well. They don't gap at the top which is hard for us!
I absolutely love pamper swaddlers. They never fail to leak. My daughter can tell a difference if shes wearing pampers or another brand which shes cranky until i put pampers on her.
The hospital provided us with a different brand when baby E was born and we hated then! We've tried every brand our store provides and the swaddlers are by far the best. They fit great, keep his tush dry, and hold everything in! He sleeps all night long and they are totally full by morning but his bed and him are always dry
i love ANY pampers diaper, but Swaddlers are my fav!
Again we love our pampers. I have been buying them for 7 years for all 4 of our children.
This is the only diaper with a wet indicator. It the best tool to teach New Moms like me, who never had any experience with taking care of baby. It's a little expensive, but it's well worth it.
These diapers are really great with absorbency. I love how they never leaked. Great fit! Easy to use! I absolutely loved them and my baby does too.
I love pampers swaddlers, they fit my 5 month old very well and never leaked since the day she was born!
Pampers swaddlers are the only diaper we found that will fit our little guy. Other brands swallow him. We love them!
I am a new mommy and from the very start we always used pampers swaddlers. I love them! Perfect for any baby! :)
Im a new mom. with a newborn baby boy. the hospital used these newborn diapers. I took some from the hospital:) they seem to work really well. we got some other brands but these had the best fit for our sons small skinny legs.
as he grows, we will have to see. :)
I like these diapers so much, we returned all the other brands that were gifted to us for papmers!
Love the Swaddlers diapers!!!!! The wetness indicator is the bomb. Everyone should try this diaper on their baby, you won't go back to your old diapers.
out of all diapera bought for me at baby shower pampers hAs been my favorite brand.. its tge only ones that ive uaed on my son and hAvent turned him red or given him A rash. other branda always gave my children rasj.
I've used Pampers brand for my first child from birth until the age of 2 yrs old. Now I use Pampers for my daughter who is currently 10 months old. I don't have to worry about her sensitive skin when using pampers. They protect her from wetness and keep her dry. She can also move around in Pampers a lot easier than with most other diaper brands.
I've tried every brand of diapers with my twins and pampers is my choice. No leaks great on the skin just perfect all around.
I love using Pampers on my daughter. She is teething and diaper rash is very common right now. When she wears other brands of diapers the diaper rash get much worse. When I use Pampers the diaper rash seems to get much better. I love how they breathe. My husband loves the color indicator. He is able to tell if she is wet without having to feel the diaper.
I love all the pampers products! The diapers are the best fitting and most absorbent! Love the smell of their wipes!
I have tried several different brands of diapers and Pampers are the ones I chose to keep my child in. I couldn't believe that they didn't leak through out the night when he goes hours of sleeping and peeing.
My husband is new to the whole diaper situation and he loves that they have a changing color line when the diaper has been soiled in. I would definitely recommend these to every mom!
Love Swaddlers especially for infants! Super soft and they tell you when they are wet so it keeps baby happy!
I've been using Pampers Swaddlers for my children for two years now. I've tried other brands but have always come back to Swaddlers because I've never had a leak and the mesh lining quickly whisks away any moisture from the baby's bottom. They are pricier than other diapers but I think the quality is worth it.
through the progression and growth of our twin boy and girl we have gone through so many pampers and finally have gotten to the Swaddlers. it is such an improvement because your kiss my baby dry comfortable and very very happy. I do appreciate the improvement and will be looking forward to using this one there's for as long as possible.
My son started out in swaddlers in the hospital and i have tried several other brands and by far swaddlers are the best thoughly enjoy the fact they dont leak. And i dont have to worry if he has a blow out that it will leak everywhere. Other brands left me with a puddle of poo and a mess and a half to clean up. Not just my babies bottom.
I used these with my first son and loved how soft and how well they fit him. I was just sad they didn't have bigger sizes at the time but now they do and my second son is using them! I wouldn't use any other diaper these are perfect for newborns and on! Strong, super soft and they fit great!
They fit well, so soft and nice, feel like clothes
These diapers are simply amazing. We've tried other brands, and they either leak or just don't seem to work as well. Pampers are the first diapers we put on our daughter, and we plan on them being the last ones we use. Thank you for having such a great product!
I have used pampers since my son was born . I made the horrible mistake of switching to huggies it gave my son the worst rash and when I put him back in pamper swaddlers it completely went away. I will never switch again.
I love Pampers Swaddlers. I will never use another brand...ever.. They are amazing and I never have leaks! :)
I love how soft Pampers swaddlers are, and I am thrilled that they now come in larger sizes. They are by far the most absorbent, softest, best fitting diapers on the market. The only down side is the cost. I buy them when my babies are newborns, but as soon as they are out of the infant stage I switch to Pampers Baby Dry or an even cheaper brand. I just can't afford to spend the extra money even to get the best.
We love the Pampers swaddlers. Even when our girl has a super wet night the diaper never leaks. She also has sensitive skin and we never have to worry about breakouts with Pampers.
Not too much more to say besides I recommend the product
We just had our 2nd baby (a little boy) three weeks ago (his sister is almost 2 years old and also still in diapers) and we started using Pampers Swaddlers and couldn't be happier!I love that they are so soft for newborns sensitive skin and the wetness indicator is the best invention ever for those of us that have to watch our money spending and not waste a thing! out of all the diaper changes and diapering experience~ I have to say Pampers swaddlers are by farr my new favorite diaper!!
Pampers Swaddlers are absolutely amazing! The hospital where our daughter was born started us on the swaddlers. After we left the hospital, we received swaddlers and another brand of diapers at our baby shower, and we had to return the other brand after discovering that we just absolutely loved the swaddlers, and the other brand just did not work with our baby. We will continue to purchase the swaddlers, until she outgrows the largest size and is in training diapers.
Love the Pampers Swaddlers. Great fit for little girls bodies. Super absorbent and rarely leaks.
I love pampers swaddled. We never have a problem with leaks. My 5 month old is very squirmy and the diaper moves in every direction with him with no problems. I would recommend these diapers to everyone
Pampers diapers are the best!! My son only wears pampers because they are so comfotarble and i love the price.
these hold so well and my daughter loves them1!!!!!!!!!!
I love pampers for my baby girl because they are true to size. I feel like they fit and stay put so well. Compared to other brands I would definitely recommend this product
These are the best diapers in the world way better than any other brand out there . My baby stays nice and dry even without using nite time diapers.
My son has very sensitive skin and these have been the only diapers that work for him. No leaks great fit awesome product! So glad they make them in size 5 now!
I just love how the diaper tells you when it is wet by a line that indicates wetness. They also fit great!
I really like these diapers. They do well for our little one. He does not wake up in the middle of the night wet. He also does not wet through.
My son is 3 months old, he has used baby dry and sensitive pamper brand diapers and the one that I have loved the most is Swaddlers. he is much more comfortable.
I have been using Pampers Swaddlers since day ONE, I have had absolutely no problems with them! Must say pampers is the only way I go when it comes to diapers, especially swaddlers! They have a perfect SNUG fit, no problems with leaking and not once has my daughter broke out in rash!! I suggest all moms use this!
Great diapers I love them. Excellent quality and perfect fit for my baby girl!!! :D
Pampers Swaddlers are by far the best diapers that we have found so far. The wetness indicator saves you from having to unfasten the diaper & look to see if the baby needs to be changed. We have twin boys & go through a lot of diapers. I've tried others & had lots of leakage problems, but not with the swaddlers. They really conform to the baby & help prevent leaks. I am also a fan of how soft they are and not starchy feeling. I'm sure they must be more comfortable on my babies.
I LOVE the swaddlers! My daughter has some mad "thunder thighs!" The swaddlers fit her perfectly! But beyond that, they keep her so dry! She's almost 1 year old and sleeps 9hrs overnight and I have NEVER had a leak in the morning. I love the color changing wetness stripe. Most importantly, I feel like swaddlers are the ONLY diaper on the market that pull the moisture away from her skin. I have tried so many different brands, even other pampers, but swaddlers are truly the best! I joke that I'm a "diaper snob." Swaddlers aren't the cheapest diaper on the market but I don't even care. I won't buy ANYTHING ELSE!
I love pampers. They never leak. Way better then huggies
pricy but reliable. I had used Pampers brand with my 2 older kids, now 11 and 14. Pampers has improved their product-but still have occasional blowouts-not sure they are stoppable
My son likes his diaper change moment, he feels dry and comfortable plus it loves sesame street characters, especially Elmo.
These are a great product and my baby stays nice and dry in them
My newborn frequently goes to the bathroom. Her diapers are very full every hour, but not once has she leaked through. I have a 13 yr old and used pampers with her, the swaddlers seem so much better than what I used to use. I love these diapers
Great for sensitive babies! All other brands make my little guy gets a rash right away. Love them
I'm a new mother so I took everyone's advice on what diapers to try. I tried Huggies and I didn't like the fit on my son. Seemed too small. Other diapers too cheap. I loved the pampers! Loved how they fit him. Don't fall off. Keeps him dry for a while and he hates being wet! I HIGHLY a recommend!! :)
Pampers Swaddlers is great especially during the night and when on the go. Absorbs wetness without leaking or leaving baby's skin wet like other diapers do. Price is comparable to other leading brands. Allows my baby to sleep through the night comfortably without any skin irritation.
I have no complaints on the papmers diapers I use for my newborn or the pampers wipes I use for my son love them.
I have used pamper diapers on my baby since he was born 3 months ago and we love them! We tried other brands and they broke out my babies bottom or they leaked! We will always use pampers they are great!! :)
Before having my baby, I was told by several friends to save money and buy store brand or other generic diapers. Luckily, I received many boxes of Pampers Swaddlers at my baby shower and I never went searching for another brand. Not only were the diapers a great fit, no leaks and super soft- but they smelled like a fresh powdered baby!
After trying most brands, I chose these as the best for my daughter. These diapers have great absorbency and I found the indicator strip to be very useful in determining whether baby need a diaper change.I really love Pampers swaddlers.Very soft, and comfy.
Love the way they fit my son! As a first time parent these were a great choice!
These diapers are so worth the extra money! I love them! My son can go all night in them and not leak
Love these diapers. Love the wetness indicator love the fit. Love the sesame characters lol :) these are my recommendation of diapers to anyone.
Pampers swaddlers are excellent for keeping my baby girl dry and happy. We like the softness and fit of these diapers.
Have used the swaddlers since birth. The indicators help us as new parents. We were amazed by the absorbency level. Our daughter is able to sleep at night with no worries of leaking.
I love the Pampers Swaddlers. I love the fact that they are super absorbent, my 4 month old can go to sleep at 8:00pm or 9:00pm and stay asleep all the way up to 5:00am without waking up crying because his diaper is wet. I love the fact that they have the wetness indicator, it is always good to know when your child is wet or not. The price for the amount of what you get is wonderful. It's not to expensive but it's not to cheap either, I always say you get what you pay for and these diapers are well worth the money. I have tried using the cheaper kind like the generic store brands and they never work. You constantly have to change your child's clothing because they leak out the sides of the diaper, they don't have a wetness indicator, and even though they may be a little bit cheaper its still better to spend the extra few dollars to get a whole lot more. Plus your baby will love the pampers more and they will be a whole lot happier. Thank you so much pampers for making a great diaper. This first time mommy loves them!!!
I haven't had a ton of Pampers swaddlers diapers but from what I've used they work amazing! I haven't had any rashes occur, I haven't had any blow outs ( and trust me he poops a lot! ) , they keep in the wetness, and they are soft and comfortable for my little man! :)
I love pampers swaddlers. They are great diapers and have never had an issue with them.
Pampers swaddlers are great! We never seem to have major blow outs and no rash at all. My little girl is comfortable in them and my husband loves the line detector for a wet diaper.
Wetness indicator is perfect. Absorbs excellent. Baby stays dry. No leaks. Great fit for any length baby.
We tried the Huggies diapers and they were not as effective with absorbency as the Pamper Swaddler diapers. As a result, we switched back.

The swaddlers are great diapers and we have been very happy using them. They fit on our baby very well and do not leak as often as other diapers.
These are the softest most absorbent diapers iv used, not only does my baby's skin stay soft and smooth it's always dry even in the hot sweaty days of summer keeping her heat rash free
Pampers swaddlers do the job. They are very absorbant, even during the long stretch that my daughter sleeps (6 1/2 hours). Never had a problem with leaks, redness, or rash. Definitely recommend
I used new born and currently using size 1 pampers swaddlers. As a new and first time parent I really like yellow to blue indicator. Also, these diapers fit nicely to my baby.
My son has used pamper swaddlers since the day he was born. He has never had one rash and he seems to be comfortable in them. I would recommend them to any and every one.
Pampers are the only diapers I allow my boys to wear overnight. They sleep better! Swaddlers were our first diapers home from the hospital! Love them!
Always have had great experiences with Pampers Diapers.
All moms out there, this is the best diaper so far. I have a 2 month old newborn daughter and I tested and prove it, I have no problem with having rashes or leaks. The hospital used this product even when she's still in the nursery. I tried other brand but it was not as good as Pampers!
i love pampers. i used it at the hospital and later on tried some buggies. they were ok until my daughter started eating more and i noticed more and more leaks. i switched back to pampers swaddlers and i NEVER had that problem. Worth every cents!!!
Used it with my two babies and was amazing in both times
We love the swaddler diapers. It's our favorite!!!
We used upto size 4 and it is really good with no diaper rashes.
Definitely recommend this.
My first child had very sensitive skin and the only diapers that would not cause a rash were Pampers Swaddlers. The diapers are super soft. We love the wetness indicator stripe on the diapers as well. We are now diapering our second child in Pampers Swaddlers!
Moved up to these as baby got bigger. They pull wetness away from him so that his delicate skin stays dry. No leakage.
loved the wetness indicator. nice to just peek and see instead of risking a finger to check for wetness lol
The swaddler diapers fit very good; no gaps or leaks.
This fits our daughter much better than huggies, we have had less issues with poo blow outs, love the color indicator when she pees or poos.
We started using these the day my daughter was born at the hospital and we were HOOKED! They are soft, I love the indicator line, and they really absorb well...as my daughter grew I was so anxious that we would outgrow these diapers and now that they've released them in a size 6 I need not worry! The fit on these do run a bit larger than the cruisers just FYI. But again, love these diapers and highly recommend!
These diapers are absorbent and I feel they are superior over the other popular brand. I tried samples of Huggies and prefer the Pampers Swaddlers over them. There haven't been any skin issues or rash on my baby's skin which I'm very happy about.
I highly recommend Pampers Swaddlers above any other diaper. Every mom worries about their child and if they have allergies to certain diapers. This diaper did wonderfully with both of my girls. They have very sensitive skin. The hospital where they were born even uses them. I love how the stripe on diaper changes color when wet. More importantly I love how they hold up when they decide to sleep a little longer an I don't want to wake them. I tried to use cheaper diapers before but they just don't hold up to Pampers. I like to save a dollar but in this case that dollar isn't worth the quality you get with these!
I love pampers swaddlers diapers. They are the only thing I trust my newborn in. They are so soft, absorbant and keep my baby smelling like a newborn should!
Would only use these pampers on my preemie. Only thing the nicu used and we loved them!!!
We love that we can check the status of her diaper without having to fully interrupt her play.
My beautiful child deserves nothing but the best! And pampers diapers is the way to go!!! She got a chemical burn from huggies diapers. Pampers never leaks! Im very pleased with their performance on my growing bundle of joy! Thankyou pampers for caring about our children!!!
I really love these diapers & will keep using them as long as my baby is in diapers. I can use these diapers at anytime especially when my girl is wearing a white dress or anything white because they do not have print or colors on them. I also love to use them when our parents are babysitting because the indicator line shows when her diaper is wet. I do use them along with Pampers Baby Dry, but I would only use these if I got more diapers for same price like with BabyDry.
I love how the diaper absorbs the wetness. These have come a long way. There used to be a time where my first born would cry out because the diapers irritated his skin when he used it. Now this time around Pampers have improved quality and rest assured my little one doesn't mind them.
first started with these, and tried newborn buggies... they don't compare!! unless you want to do a ton of laundry cause your baby peed through, I suggest you get pampers!
We have had nothing but success with Pampers Swaddlers. We tried a few different brands since we didn't want them to go to waste, but we ended up giving them away because either our son broke out or he leaked out the top and sides. We have never had an issue with Pampers, and I wouldn't use any other brand of diapers for my son. Love Pampers!
I love how pampers swaddles fit my son and shows when he is wet.
Pampers Swaddlers diapers are by far the best in my opinion. Most diapers constantly have things leaking, and Swaddlers keep everything in. My son has had problems with diapers breaking him out where they run and this diaper does not. They are super soft and even tell you when they are wet, which is really helpful for newborns. They only downside to them in my opinion is that the front is a little shorter than a regular diaper and so sometimes come out the top on little boys. But excellent diaper!
Never have had an issue with diaper rashes since changing to this brand! It is more expensive then the other brands but when you use it you find out way. Other brands leaked and to deal with rashes!!! Not fun
Pampers Swaddlers are just what you need for newborn babies. They keep babies dry and keep moisture in. LOVE them!
This was the diapers that were given to us at the hospital. We received other brands at baby showers and no other brands held up as much as these diapers. Plus we've never had a leak with this brand.
These are by far the best diapers there are out there right now!!!! I would recommend these over and over again!
I was using huggies at first hen i was told about Pampers it was a big difference
These are our favorite diapers to use with newborns. I love how they leave baby's skin dry and they contain those crazy newborn blow outs!
Nice fitting and absorbs well.......................
This are better than huggies. More absorbent than huggies.
Love pampers swaddlers. I tried other brands for my two boys but they all leaked an didn't fit as well as swaddlers. I recommend parents of infants an toddlers to buy them for the fit an leak proof protection.
after trying several different brands we are now only using pampers... they keep him dry all night long and fit amazingly well
Got size 0 and 1 samples from hospital. Ordered more size 1 right after we got home. Baby is weighted less than 7lb, but size 0 is too tight.

Great Quality. Recommended.
I love using these diapers for my little one. We have never had any leaks with Pampers, even when worn through the entire night!
I love these diapers gentle and a great fit for my newborn.
I love these diapers! I just had a little boy a week and a half ago, and when he pees, he pees a lot. All of the others (Luvs, Honest Co., Huggies) have all leaked. This is the first diaper that has not leaked! A little expensive but worth the extra money for him, myself, his clothes, and whatever he is laying on to stay dry!
My son is a large baby, at 4 months old he is wearing Pampers Swaddlers Size 3. He has sensitive skin as well. I've tried several brands and Pampers is better than the rest for him, no diaper rash. Also better for me, as they contain his messy diapers and I'm not cleaning up blowouts. I recommend these diapers!
This product is awesome! Not only is it absorbent, the keep my babies butt dry!
My 2 month old goes about 12 times a day. all the bargain brands leaked or gave him a rash. These are super dry and fit perfectly. Its the only kind I look for in the store. I work at a Hospital and these are also the only kind we have. Great Product.
I have tried both the swaddlers and baby dry. I recommend the swaddlers for comfort of mivement and the baby dry for overnight
Tried many other brands. Swaddlers have proved to be the best for my twins.
Our baby was a preemie and the NICU used Pampers Swaddlers for him. Pampers actually had a diaper small enough to fit our 2 lb baby boy and a preemie size when he got bigger. As he grew older and bigger, I loved the way Swaddlers fit his curves. He never leaked nor got a diaper rash!
After our son was born we tried several different brands of diapers. We always ended up coming back to pampers swaddlers. His dad loves the indicator strip to show when he's wet. Swaddlers is the only brand our baby will wear!
I absolutely love Pampers Swaddlers. they are this diapers, but very absorbent. I also love how they smell! It smells just like baby! Pampers Swaddlers is hands down my all time favorite diaper brand. I love Papers Swaddlers and I think my little baby girl loves them too!
I love pampers swaddlers diapers. I used them for all of my children after they were born.
I love that there is a line down the center that shows you if the diaper is wet or not. It has been so helpful and makes checking her diaper a lot simpler.
When the indicator turns blue, we know our little one is wet. It is a great bonus to the diaper. My only concern is how much seeps through the actual diaper. You set the diaper on a matte surface and the diaper eaves a wet residue behind. After a long nap her outfit has a slight damp feel. That is my only concern w the diaper.
I love the wetness indicator, that little blue line helps me with my little guy when he's fussy to detect why quicker! He doesn't get any irritation from these either which makes me one happy mama!
Great fit and minimal leakage. Will buy this product again.
Having tried different types of diapers that we received from our shower, I continue to go back to pampers! They are everything I have read them to be and would recommend them to anyone!! :)
I have tried a couple other diapers with my new little one and I can not use any other then these. I love them, she fits them great and they do there job as good as can be expected! One happy momma here! Keep up the good work!
i used these when i had my son in the hospital. they are amazing diapers.
Pampers are the only diapers I will be buying for baby #2! I have tried every brand, and pampers are by far the best at preventing leaks.
thanks for such wonderfull diapers i would choose ur brand over any other
I love this product my son is going through potty training and these work great when we cant get to the store.
Out of all diapers Ive received as gifts, these are my FAV! My son sleeps all night and I dont change him until he wakes up and theyve never leaked. He has never had a diaper rash either. I love pampers swaddlers!!
I'm a first time mom and wasn't sure what to buy. As soon as I put this in my son I knew I had the right product!
Love pampers. Great product. A little expensive but so worth it in the long run.
Love pampers products. I trust them to provide quality products to kept my baby's bum clean and dry. Never been disappointed yet! Pampers helps us keep our baby happy and we can go a whole night without a leaking diaper!
Great fit and the lining inside helps keep the wetness off her bottom. The line is very useful.
love use pampers diapers I always buy them that's the only brand I use
We started off with swaddlers and didn't realize we were spoiling ourselves from the get go. We tried a competitors brand at one point and the results were awful. Leaks with what seemed like every other diaper. Never again! We are a pampers swaddlers household 100%.
They are my favorite diapers for new born son. Especially the wetness indicator. I love them
I have always used pampers with the last 2 kids, because I can afford to and I love them, no leaks! Down fall this time around is a few of the diapers have had broken tabs about 1 or 2 in a package! I have tried Huggies and different types of Pampers but the swaddlers are the best!
I am a first time mom and the hospital provided Pampers Swaddlers for my newborn so we already started getting used to using them. Once we got home, we had both Pampers (gift) and Huggies (I bought on sale). After we ran out of Pampers we used Huggies and didn't like Huggies at all! It did the job but was bulky and ill-fitting on my baby. I was always worried that the poor fit would lead to leaks. I was glad when we used up the Huggies!
When becoming a new mom you get free samples almost daily. Another manufacturer sent several of their new born diaper samples and they simply did not fit the same. First, the snug fit next to my babies skin kept messiness IN the diaper versus outside. Pampers didn't have a large bulge which meant her clothing fit perfectly while wearing. Overall I will use nothing but Pampers. It's a product that I not only believe in, but trust to protect my little one.
I love pampers swaddler fit great around my babies chunky legs
Ever since my two daughters were born I always chose pampers. They seem to be the best choice for my family.
I love pampers swaddlers! They have always been a perfect fit for my son who is now 13 months and now I'm having another baby in a month and will continue using pampers! My absolute favorite diaper and wipes brand!!
My second child seems to save it all up until he fell asleep and who wants to wake a sleeping baby? Swaddlers never leaked or "dripped" anything onto the bed sheets! I honestly think these are more absorbent then the baby dry & they come in size 5!! Thats the best part for me I had/ have a short n chunky baby he was 30pounds at 8 months and not walking or crawling much. Love PAMPERS SWADDLERS!!!
These are our most favorite diapers on the market. The fit is perfect for my little one, and guards against leaks during the nights. The cost versus the effectiveness, makes these diapers the best value for our family. No tears. No leaks. Just a happy baby.
These are so soft on my little baby tushie...exactly what she deserves!
I love pampers swaddlers diapers because they have the green line that lets you know when baby needs a changing! I also like them because they seem to fit my little one better vs. the baby dry diapers. Swaddlers seem to have more stretch to them which allows me to wait longer before having to move up to a bigger size. Thanks pampers for making such great products for my little one!
We were given these diapers in the hospital, they absorb well and fit good. At size one I like the way they are soft.
I love this one better than all the others out there right now because it's not as crunchy and as plasticky as the others plus it's super absorbent and it has a mesh netting which separates a layer from your baby and the waste. Plus it holds all night I don't have to change my baby until the morning.
My baby loves this diapers. She is very happy every she wears them.
I received and bought majority of the swaddlers prior to baby being here. I have NEVER had a problem with these. No leaks or anything. Also that blue little line comes in handy when your not sure when to change. Best diapers for the money.
Pampers swaddlers are our favorite. They fit the best and hold up to everything, even those awful explosions we all know about.
My 1 year belly sleeper wakes up dry every morning. After trying other name brand diapers and washing sheets every morning this is amazing for the both of us. Thank you so much!!
Best diapers out there. My baby is very sensitive to diapers and so far the swaddlers are the only diapers she does not have an allergic reaction too. No problems with peeing threw these diapers like others. Have tried a few of your other diapers and by far the swaddlers are my all time favorite.
I love pampers. They help me know with the color changing line when it's time to change.
Loved the swaddlers newborn diapers. They were vet absorbant and worked well from premie size and up.
My mother in law swears by a competing bands of swaddlers. Do naturally we tried those first. Several blowouts and a box of pampers later we feel in love.
We are very happy with Pampers. The blue line indicator takes the guess work out of constant checking...
Diapers are great. The best part for us is knowing when our baby has went number 1 by the blue indicator. Better than guessing and checking.
My daughter never got a rash or felt wet. It leaked only twice, but over all it kept her dry and very happy.
I have tried different brands and this is for sure my favorite, fits good and no leaks
I love these diapers! Not only do you get the blue wet indicator line but these are the only diapers that I found that keeps the leaks in. I've tried other brands, but they just didn't hold up to what my little girl could put out. A great buy!
I love the pampers swaddlers diapers for my daughter. They are very soft and cloth like compared to competitors more papery feeling diapers.
We started using Pampers Swaddlers by chance. We loved them right away. However this being our first baby we thought maybe that is just how diapers were today. We ended up trying another brand (baby shower gift). Right away we noticed the feel was not as soft and didn't fit as well. Then throughout the next few days our baby girl didn't stay as dry and developed a rash. We didn't even finish the pack, we wanted our Swaddlers back. I am happy to say my daughter is 10months and has not had a rash since and we love love love our Swaddlers.
I started using these diapers in the hospital. My baby was in the NICU for 2 weeks and these are all they used. When I got home I has some of the other brand and decided to used them...big mistake. It left a mess and was not as absorbent as the swaddlers.
I loved how the umbilical cord was notched so the diaper did not irritate him.
Pamper's Swadlers is one of my favorite products due to my son's sensiti skin. ThanksPamper's!
Pampers worked great with both my children. I have a 3 yr old boy that is now potty trained. I have a 3 month baby girl and just love that the diapers tell us when she's wet. The diapers works well with both boys and girls. We are very pleased and happy with the rewards we get. Thank you Pampers!
Pampers are the only diapers that work through the night. We tried every other brand name with no success.
The Pampers line is incredible! I have 2 boys and have used Pampers Swaddlers for both of them.

With my 1st son we tried every brand on the shelf and nothing compared to Pampers Swaddlers. With my 2nd son we went straight for Pampers Swaddlers - no need to try anything else. We are loyal customers to products that give us reason to be loyal!
Used these until size 3, then switched to cruisers... I loved Pampers swaddlers and would buy them again!
I've heard that people love their Swaddlers and until I had my own baby, I didn't know why. I tried Huggies 2 times (because my husband bough the wrong box) and they immediately leaked. Threw out that box! So glad they come in bigger sizes for my 95 percentile boy.
From day one my twins have used pamper swaddlers. I tried other diapers and have always gone back to pampers.
I first learned about the swaddlers when I had to change my daughter diaper for the first time in the hospital. I noticed the blue line and had no idea what it was. When I asked the nurse, she laughed. Now my daughter is 18 months old and she is wearing size 5 and still continues to wear swaddlers!
My daughter has a long lean torso and short stubby legs. The swaddler diapers fit this body type perfectly.
I love the pamper swaddlers for my daughter. They are very soft and fit my daughters figure perfectly. My daughter has skinny legs, no bottom and a big belly, so it's important that it's loose around her belly area and not to loose in the legs. I have tried many brands do to many people buying different brands for my shower. I have found that the pamper swaddlers stay dry all night without leaking through to her clothes. These are the only pampers I buy and I was happy when I found out they made bigger sizes past size 2.
I have used every type and brand out there. Pampers swaddlers are the only ones i will ever use. All night long, even through the morning they just absorb the max. My son is very sensitive and these still are the best ever. Wish they went to past size 5. And make training pants as well.
Wonderful wonderful!!! Never had a leaking accident. Would recommend to anyone for sure:)
I have tried this product several times and would recommend it to all moms!
They are absorbent, soft, flexible, and most importantly gentle on new baby's skin.
I've used these diapers in size newborn and 1 (so far). I love how there was an umbilical cord notch - other diapers just don't have that - there was no need to fold the diaper down to avoid the cord.

The diapers are very absorbent, so you don't have to worry about a sleeping baby waking just because of a wet butt.
I tried other brands and they never fit my newborn of 7 pounds. This is the only one that fit his little waist and did not leak up his back.
I've tried other diapers with my kids and for size one and two (from my experience), Swaddlers are the best.Hardly any leakage.
Pampers Swaddlers diapers are by far the best we have tried for our son. Since this was our first baby, we purchased a few different brands to try, and Pampers are the only brand that have not leaked! We also love the Swaddlers because the wetness indicator is very convenient.
We loved using these diapers up until size 3. They kept her dry throughout the day and no piop explosions.
Super soft and absorbent would recommend to every parent!
These fit great, last for a long time, and the indicator strip is a life saver! Wouldn't use any other diaper for my newborn!!
Awesome ! Awesome ! Awesome ! These pampers are awesome !
sorry i dont know good english thats why i confused
about it.
but i know pampers is very good.
i used only pampers diapers for my baby.
Pamper swaddlers are wonderful. As a new mommy for the third time I have yet to find another diaper that measures up.
Swaddlers can keep up with babies. whom are very flexible little people . Indicator makes it much simpler for me to know when diaper is wet ..
We have used Pampers Seaddlers with both our boys and love them! Even my husband comments on how they are the best. Occasionally I have come across deals for other brands and always regret buying them. Swaddlers are definitely worth the money!
Only use pampers on my son and love them. Super dry and absorant!
As a first time mom, I was clueless if I should spend money on premium diapers or just by store brand. I am so glad I choose pampers! They are affordable for premium diapers, and they fit and absorb so much better than Huggies!
I truly love these diapers would not choose another one for anything in the world oh and she loves them too lol
I love pampers swaddlers. They are soft for my baby's skin, the blue line makes it easy to know when its time for a change. The are a comfortable fit. I have tried other brands and they just don't seem to do the job quite like pampers swaddlers. I would recommend them to anyone with a newborn.
Pampers Swaddlers are Awesome!
I love that they are so soft and have the wetness indicator. I wish I had the indicator when I had my first child ten years ago!
Pampers keeps my baby dry at night. I love the wetness indicator. Makes changing pampers much easier. I would definitely keep on buying only PAMPERS!!
These are my favorite diapers through two kids! They are soft and pull the moisture away from my baby's bottom. I love that they are now making bigger sizes so I can keep my daughter in them longer.
I love to buy pampers because not only is my baby have the best product but I also get points to toward great prizes like pictures, books, and toys!!!
ive been using these diapers since she was in the hospital and she's 2 now and there my favorite out of every kind I've ever used. Never leaked threw, even over night. She's never got a rash from them even when I couldn't change her right away. There super absorbent and there all white so she can wear anything without them showing threw.
Absolutely love Pampers, they are all we use for our daughter! Only ones that don't bother her skin
These are my absolute favorite diapers! I will not buy any other diaper for my daughter. Plus, the wetness indicator is a huge help!
THE PAMPERS SWADDLE DIAPER IS PRETTY GOOD,I LIKE TO USE IT AND I WILL USE IT FOR A FUTURE LONG TIME,IT SMELL GOOD, IT CAN HOLD A LONG TIME THAT IT ISN'T LEAK AND DRYNESS FOR MY SWEET BABY.
I like using the pamper swaddlers on my newborn son. It was great to see they had the place across where the umbilical cord area was on stomach cut out. That's a huge plus when trying to keep that area from anything pulling or rubbing against it.
My son sleeps well and crawls everywhere with no leaking and is kept dry and comfortable all day long. The points program is great for us as well.
I was given a huge box of swaddlers from the hospital after having my first child, instant love for these diapers. I once had to buy a box of sz 3 Huggies, as my usual was not in stock. Needless to say after my first middle of the night diaper explosion I was not a fan. I just had my 4th child in January and Pampers Swaddlers are still my go-to diaper!!
This product is really nice. We havr used them on my 9 month old and will probably use them on our little boy coming in September.
Worth a try. Would definitely recommend for kids..
I love swaddlers! They keep my son dry and are especially great for overnight protection! No leaks as he becomes more mobile and is learning to walk :)
Pampers swaddlers are the all time greatest diaper. I love these for my little girl! She doesn't wear anything else!
I'm never disappointed with this amazing products.
Pampers Swaddlers diapers are amazing! My son can go all night without waking up to a leaky diaper! I would recommend these to everyone.
For new moms the wetness indicator is great and my husband can't live without it!
I love Pampers Swaddlers because they're great to my baby's skin. They wick away moisture from my baby's skin and into the soft, quilted diaper. The quality is amazing!
I have been using Pampers Swaddlers since my son was born. I tried using other brands but the kept leaky. So, now I am going use Pamper Product for the rest of the time he is in diapers. They fit his shape well and they don't leak. Thank you Pampers
These diapers are gentle on babies new skin, fit well and less leaks than other diapers I've tried.
This is the only diaper I use! My little man is happy and clean.
Great quality and very absorbent. My daughter is always comfortable in them and I like the way they fit.
I favor Pampers Swaddlers over the Huggies that I've tried with my baby. Both were good at absorbing a lot and the wetness indicators make it very easy to tell when a diaper change is in order. What sets the Pampers apart is that it's much easier to put on my child because the diaper will stay folded apart when you place it down on the changing table. With Huggies you have to use one hand to hold the baby up while using the other to keep the diaper open as you place the child on top of it.
I absolutely love these diapers!!! When my daughter was born at 30 weeks the whole 50 days she spent in the nicu she wore these diapers. They are so soft and comfy and they smell like baby powder. We continue to purchase these diapers. She have never broken out in any rash and they seem to keep her dry. Although she is now wearing the Pampers Swaddlers for daytime use and we are now having her wear the Pampers baby dry at night just for added protection. I recommend pampers to everyone and I love and trust all of their products.
Pampers are the only diapers I use. They fit wonderfully! Pampers Swaddlers are the only diapers I would recommend for newborns also! A+++
I was first introduced to pampers in the hospita.As a new mother, I Absolutely love that thay created a diaper with a wetness indicator! So I continue to use them!!
we love these diapers. Recommended by several mommy friends. We wouldn't use anything else!!!
I love swaddlers. My baby is in size 2 and has never had any problems with blow outs. She had diarrhea and it never leaked out!
Best diapers I have ever used! Very pleased with this product and will continue to use
I received a bunch of different types of diapers and sizes before my baby was born so I was able to test out a bunch. The swaddlers were our favorite. I did like the other big brand's newborn because of the umbilical cord cut, but those were only for a few weeks. Since then it's been all swaddlers. Yes they are a little more expensive. But they don't leak and blowouts are very rare (usually some sort of parent fail) which means less trouble washing or clothes ruined. And they don't smell like urine when he pees invariably immediately after I change his pamper. And they are super soft and smell like baby powder. Every now and then I go cheap bc someone swears by some store brand diaper and I'm kicking myself bc I wasted that money in the end.
Tried a few brands and all have a little leak. Pampers has been the only one that works.
Amazing!! I have nothing bad to say about these diapers. They are wonderful in every aspect.
I love swaddlers. It's all I put on my son. They keep him di and fit him wonderfully
love the feel and fit of these. I like the yellow line that turns when they have wet.
Good quality diapers I love for my baby! Best choice is pampers!
I love the pampers swaddlers! The color changing wet indicator makes it so easy to see if my baby is wet at night. The diapers fit very well and we have never had a "blow out". They pull the messes baby makes away to keep them dryer and happier longer. Just love the swaddlers!
first of all I RECOMMEND using PAMPERs brand diapers because of the softness & EXPANDABLE of the product, it REALLY DOES HOLD ALOT amonut of missed "DIRTY DIAPER CHANGE"..I ALSO LOVE THE CUTE BABY CHARACTERs they have on it ;)
I love pampers diapers! They are the only ones I will use on my little girls sensitive skin. She's had no problem with pampers I would never use another brand.
Pampers swaddlers are my absolute favorite diapers.
i loved swaddled when my kids were babies. They're the perfect diaper for newborns. I love that the line shows up when there diaper is wet.
I've tried several brands for my 6 week old and these are by far the best!
I've been using Pampers swaddlers since my son was born a month ago and I have to say they are absolutely my favorite. They kept him dry and contained his "number two" explosions! I was gifted other brands at my baby shower but they just didn't have the same fit or "durability" as pampers.
Best Diapers around!!! I would not use any other brand!!!
Love the new pampers!! Definitely will buy more.. So happy with them
im so glad that swaddlers are available in bigger sizes. They are the perfect diaper from birth in the hospital all the way to potty training!
They outer cover is very soft against baby's skin. the tabs are stretchy so they fit great!
And they have an AWESOME wetness indicator so you don't have to poke or peek to check if they need a change!
Best diapers ever. I love these diapers my LO only wears these.
I have been using pampers swaddlers since my daughter was born. I tried switching to other brands and they never held up or absorbed like the swaddlers. The wet line indicator helps let us know if she needs changing and it is always reliable.
These fit very well, no leaks. I like the material and tabs on these more and they are easier to put on. The color change indicator is great. Very good absorbancy.
The Pampers Swaddlers were perfect for my little boy. We used them from NB to size 3 (Then switched to Crusiers). They were a great fit, kept him dry and I loved the wetness indicator when he was first born.
Great fit and absorbance. No leeks and fantastic hold up.
When I tried the organic brands and I found out that Pampers is the much better!! my LO does not cry as she did with other brands. with Pampers I am a happy Mom:)
only thing my son fits into, great product!! Great absorbency and feel to them!
I loved these for the first few months. I use baby dry now.
After trying several different brands I found pampers swaddlers to be the best for my baby. They did not leak and stayed dry through the night!
These diapers are our favorite so far. The color changing line makes it so much easier to check if she needs changing.
The swaddlers are wonderful. I know my baby is protected .ai know there won't be any leaks and I know exactly when he's wet thanks to the indicator. I pick this brand above all the others.
We've been using Pamper Swaddlers since the hospital and we love them!! I had original put them on our registry because I had a good feeling about them and I was right! We've never had any issues with them, we got an abundance of different diapers and this is by far my favorite. No complaints about the Huggies brand but the Target brand however....well... he always poops up them, Lol! But he has never "blown out" of the swaddlers. I would recommend them to everyone!! These fit great, holds all the "waste".
These diapers are wonderful. Super absorbent and soft on baby bottoms.
I absolutely love Pampers diapers, I have used the Swaddlers since she was born. Now that she is 10 months I still use them at night because they have amazing absorbency but for the daytime I have started using a diaper with an elastic across the back to keep from explosive potty traveling up the back. If Pampers made the back elasticy they would have me 100%!!
I love Pampers Swaddlers!! Especially the color changing indicator that turns blue, to let you know baby's wet!! They Fit great and NEVER leak.. All in all, I would DEFINITELY recommend this product!!
I have been using these since my LO was born. This is what they used in the hospital as well. Great diaper and I love that they have a wet indicator. No more guessing.
my friend gave some swaddlers diaper for my baby and me and my husband love it. very absorbent, no rashes, my baby sleep good especially at night. well recommended.
The fit of the diapers are awesome. I try other brands since i receive a lot of them in my baby shower but at the end I stay with this brand because it fits better and it stays in better condition when wear by the child than huggies. The wetness indicator its very good since i am a first time mom. My husband and I where very upset because the wetness indicator in the huggies didn't serve well to our child. So for that I'm a Pampers Mom!!!
The best diapers around. I don't ever buy any other brand because my baby leaks through all but pampers.
The only newborn diaper I would recommend for any new mom! Not only do they absorb and keep baby completely dry, but they are so soft, you almost forget you're using a diaper.
I have used pampers swaddlers on all 3 of my children with the oldest being 9 now and the youngest is 5 months..I wouldnt use any other diapers but pampers brand!
pampers swaddlers provide great protection. They fit my son wonderfully and i love the wetness indicator strip
I used Pampers Swaddlers on my son and daughter. They felt comfortable and looked cute. I never had problems with leaks and the wetness indicator is great for new babies. I highly recommend them!
I use the newborn size right now, and they fit so well! The Huggies diapers do not fit and do not absorb well at all. Pampers swaddlers are great and I would definitely recommend them to anyone!
I've used different types of diapers because friends have gifted them to me but I only use pampers for my baby girl. My own mother has used pampers on me when I was a baby.
I used these ALL the time on my baby boy and highly recommend them on boys!
My baby was introduced to Pamper Swaddlers at the hospital and we have been using them ever since. I have tried 2 competing diaper brands (LUVs and Huggies) and was disappointed in their usage. I went back to the Pamper Swaddlers because the design helps pull waste away from my baby's bottom and doesn't smear it around. I have found the closures to be easy and you can adjust the fit over and over without fear of the tabs not staying put. I would recommend this diaper hand over foot!!!!
I've been using swaddlers since my newborn was in the hospital , and I've used other brands that was purchased for me at my baby shower but this brand is the best hands down, no leaks and no rashes yet I've returned the others and repurchased this brand. Awesome diaper
Love that pampers has gone to size 5 in swaddles i love it
I love, LOVE, LOVE these diapers! Especially the wet diaper indicator. This is great! Plus the diapers are soft to the touch so I know my baby's behind is in great hands.
I have used the papers product with all 3 of my girls from the biggest that is now 11 to my baby who is 8 weeks old n I have no complain I really like them they work perfectly
Baby loves these! Amazing quality for babies under 10 lbs.
We used these when our son was small. The fit him better than any other brand and were the most absorbent. I especially love the wetness indicator. It worked most of the time and saved us from changing diapers that weren't wet and wasting money. We will definitely use these again if we have any more kids.
I'm a new mom and have tried many brands of diaper. I like the swaddlers the best, especially with the urine indicator strip that let's you know she is wet (hard to tell sometimes because they are so absorbent).
i have an almost 7 week old little boy. for our baby shower, i received this brand of diapers, plus a few other brands. over the past (almost) 7 weeks i have used quiet a few diapers, and absolutely LOVE Pampers! where the others have leaked, busted through, and just plain out didnt fit right, Pampers stepped up. they fit awesome, never leaked, never busted open, and they have that cool indicator that tells you if the baby is wet (which is a major plus for those late nights when you just want to hurry back to sleep...no extra steps to see if hes wet, just look for the indicator). i will NEVER buy a different brand, and if i am ever asked what brand i use (if someone wants to buy me some, or just needs a referral) i will def be pointing towards Pampers Swaddlers :D
This was the first diaper given to us at the hospital and they were great from the get-go. They are super soft and feel dry even after the baby went. No leaks and a cut-out for the umbilical cord so you don't have to fold anything down.The wetness indicator is great too, you can tell if they wet in they're sleep without having to disturb them. I got other brands of diapers at my baby shower and none of them were as absorbent or leak free as Pampers Swaddlers. They can be a little pricey but they go sale and they're totally worth it anyway.
I have 5 kiddos and have been a Pampers lover since 2003! Best lil swaddlers around!!! No marks or cuts of a any sorts on any of my children! Thank you!!
Our hospital room was stocked with Swaddlers, and I can see why. They fit like a glove, and the belly button cutout was great for those first few weeks. I received both Pampers and Huggies in newborn sizes for my baby shower. The pampers fit awesome right off the bat, and the Huggies were WAY too big. The newborn Huggies didn't fit until our baby had outgrown the newborn Pampers and was in a size 1. I love that the tabs on the diapers are easy to use, and don't wear out after applying more than once (in the rare instance that I'd go to check her diaper and it was actually still dry!) I like the wetness indicator as well, however it has deceived me a few times where it was green or blue and I'd pull the diaper out from underneath her and it was barely wet. However, I will say that that's not specific to Pampers, as this has happened with Huggies as well.
I've tried several different brands of diapers and was not happy with them. Pampers swaddlers fit my daughter great. These are the only diapers that she can wear all through the night without wetting through.
When I was in the hospital they gave my a few pampers swaddlers to take home. I was a new mommy, and had no idea what to buy as far as diapers go. I had..sorry to say it, but Huggies diapers stashed at home. I used those instead of the pampers I was given. My son got diaper rash because the Huggies didn't pull the wetness away from his skin. As soon as I switched to the pampers I could notice a quick difference. While my child out grew the swaddlers sooner then I would like, I will continue to get the pampers brand from now. Also swaddlers have a perfect fit for newborns!!!!
I love these diapers OMG . They are absolutely the best diapers ever
We only use pampers swaddlers. We love how they have the special strip to see if the diaper needs to be changed.
Swaddlers fit my little guy great!! He started sleeping through the night so we are going to switch to the Pampers Baby Dry.
When my son was born, due to medical reasons, he had to stay for 18 days in the NIC Unit and then in the nursery. It was the most stressful time in my life. What made the difference between a horrible experience, on top of what I had to deal with, and a more bearable stay was the entire staff and the new wing, which had only been open for a month. I learned so much from the nurses since this was my only child. The hospital only used the best products for their little patients. Pampers Swaddlers worked perfectly for me being a new mom and just learning about how to change a diaper. The best part of these diapers for me is the indicator which lets me know when he needs a diaper change.
Absolutely love these diapers. They are hands down the best diapers on the market. They are so soft, baby has not had any reactions to the fabric, and they are way less likely to have diaper blowouts.
For all 3 kids these Pampers was #1 choice and I've never regretted it
Before my little girl was born, everyone recommended Pampers 'Swaddler's' (NB). It was not long before I found out why. I have tried a few other brands but with 'Swaddlers', she has had far less blow outs, fewer rashes, and (above all) they fit her the best. Pampers 'Swaddlers' are my favorite diapers and I highly recommend them!
My baby girl started using pampers swaddlers since she was born but decided to use other popular name brand diapers to try them all out but it was the worst decision I could've made, I went back to pampers every time, best diapers for her delicate skin.
This is the only type of diaper I use when my daughter has a diaper rash! It is so soft and absorbent :)
The hospital gave me these when my daughter was born and they are great. I love the wet indicator.
I have always loved Pampers with my kids and now with my grandkids its still a great product!
I love pampers for what it stands for. My daughter sleeps comfortable everyday and doesn't leak.
I started with Pampers Baby Dry when my baby was a new born. But once she reached a size 4-5 I noticed problems with leaking. I decided to try Pampers Swaddlers and feel foolish for not trying them sooner. I don't have issues with leaking and they fit my daughter perfectly. They keep moisture from her skin leaving her dry. She also loves the Sesame Street characters on the diapers.
I have been using Pampers from the day he was born almost 2 + yrs and he is so comfortable with it. We had no rashes complaint and no issues at all. Loved pampers and loved the smile on his face too when we changed the diapers :).
From the beginning, no other diapers have compared to pamper's swaddlers. All other diapers either leak or get wet or just don't fit. That's never been a problem with these.
It's soft snuggles & good absorbing. Wet indicator is handy. Even my 7yr old enjoys keeping a check
I have never had a problem with these diapers. They have not fell apart and they have never soaked through!
best diapers ever i love pampers swaddlers they are the best
These are the only diapers ill use they are soft absorbent great for overnight dont feel cheap
Used these up until my baby turned 6 months old and they were great and never leaked!
As a first time mom I have tried multiple brands of diapers to see what works best for my new baby. Pampers swaddlers hands down are the best! They are super absorbent , so soft, and I love the wetness indicator!
Swaddlers are the only brand we'll use for our daughter. We've tried the other brands and none measured up. The wet indicator is a huge benefit to keep her dry and prevent diaper rash before it starts. The fit is perfect around her legs with the flexible elastic.
They are so soft and absorbent and i just love the wetness indicator they have. especially when it is your first baby when you are just new to being a mommy or daddy or caregiver. They are the only diapers i use and plan to use again with my new little one that will be here in Oct. I hope you find my review helpful in your derision on your diapers
These are my favorite diapers nothing leaks out no matter how much she kicks or pulls on them. They are the BEST.
I only use Pampers on my toddler. I used them for all my kids.
I have been used pampers Swaddler for both my girls since the first day they were born. Simply those diapers are the best ever. Extra protection, indicator, and gentle on their skin. I can't imagine a better product for them.
My husband loves these diapers, he refuses to buy anything else. He loves the color change line and fit. He swears that our baby doesn't leak out of these like others.
I love these diapers. My child wore these from the first day and I couldn't be happier. I tried switching to different brands because they were cheaper, but pampers was the only one that didn't make her break out. I also love the fact that it has the wetness indicator. This is particularly useful when they are little. These diapers are also soft and absorbent.
In the past, we have had trouble with my son's diapers leaking. These diapers do not leak, and my son never has a rash when we use them!
My son wears Swaddlers diapers, and he is very comfortable. Even though, he is wet, he doesn't feel it. Great product!!!!
Swaddlers are by far an excellent quality baby product. I've never had to be concerned about my baby soiling his clothing, bedding or furniture. I feel confident each time that Pampers Swaddlers is providing a comfortable fit, absorbency and dryness. The other H brand is cheaper but doesn't give me the confident that I'm giving my children, nieces, nephews or god children the best quality diaper. I love Pampers and have been and will continue to be a loyal customer.
I have tried many brands of diapers over the years with my three kids, and I have found Pampers Swaddlers are by far the best. They are so soft they almost feel like cloth, and the fit is so soft and flexible, and it more like clothing than a typical diaper. I really like the added feature of the yellow line that changes color when the diaper is wet enough to change. I dont like waiting until the diaper is soaked and my baby has sat in their urine, and this indicator strip allows the perfect amount of saturation so that the diaper has been used but not soaked enough to cause irritation to the babys skin. I am so excited to see that they have expanded the sizes up to accommodate older babies, and have also added a sensitive option, since they didnt have either of these with my first two children.
I've tried several kinds of Pampers and the swaddles are the best!
We love pampers swaddlers! My husband especially depends on the color indicator to tell if it is time for a diaper change. We have tried other styles and brands but keep coming back to swaddlers for both of our kids.
These diapers fit perfectly around her legs and hold everything in! They are the best of the best.
I originally wanted to use cloth diapers for my newborn, but after an extended stay in the hospital that plan went out the window. The hospital used Pampers Swaddlers and I was impressed with how well they fit, the cloth-like feel and how tough they were on leaks (even the liquid poo that newborns are notorious for!) Once we went home from the hospital we stuck with Pampers Swaddlers and never looked back. I'm not interested in switching to anything else when I KNOW these work so well!
I absolutely love these diapers. My baby can go through the night without needing a diaper change that often. I've tried another brand, and it always ends up leaking and getting her onsie wet. I definitely prefer pampers brand, and i dont even want to try anything else.
We have used Pampers Swaddlers with both my daughter and son and they are simply the best. They are soft, comfortable, and super absorbent. They work very well overnight too.
For newborns, Pampers are the best. Diapers are super soft & work great.
I love swaddler diapers. I have a baby boy and these great comfy diapers allow my son not to get wet. My son would always get soaked using huggie diapers. I would have to change his clothes often. He never stayed dry but with the swaddler diapers, he stays dry and less fussy. I will always use them.
We love the Swaddlers diapers because they are the most absorbent, clean smelling, and simple diaper that we have tried. Out of four different brands the Pampers Swaddlers kept our little girl's bottom the most dry. She also does not smell like urine like with other brands and types of diapers. We also like the simple design without all of the ruffles and extra material around her legs.
hi , im a new mom of a baby girl and i though that pampers was just words, but i was really happily surprised of the absorbency , duration and softness of dipers. i love them
Only will i ever use pampers. I tried Huggies and Luvs and none of them fit and feel better then pampers. My baby uses the baby dry at night and they work perfect!!
Pampers Swaddlers were given to us in the hospital. As a new mom, I loved the strip that let you know it was soiled. I tried other brands and the fit was never right. I've been using Pampers ever since.
Prior to our son's birth I stocked up on diapers in several different brands, including some really expensive all natural organic diapers which are popular right now. Pampers swaddlers are by far our favorite- really soft, really absorbant- and we've never experienced a "blow-out" with them like we have with other brands.
Out of all the diapers out there, Swaddlers gets my vote. They are soft, absorbent (though sometimes the line shows up and the diaper can go a bit longer with absorbancy), and are especially good at capturing runny poos. While they are not cinched at the top of the waist, which may sky rocket them into BEST diaper territory, they do a fair job of controlling "up the back" moments. These are my choice for overnight or long trip diapers as they can take a lot before they start to soak/leak through,
These diapers are amazing for my 2 year old and newborn baby boy. Thank you pampers
These were the first diapers put on my daughter and we still use them 15 months later! So soft, love the wetness indicator, and only time she's ever leaked out was an explosion out the top! I kind of wish there was a little elastic-ness at the back to hug her back more.
Well worth the cost. Not much more than other brands but work so much better.
My husband and I love these diapers.. we have tried several different types and these diapers fit the best and keep our baby girl dry longer.

The Morris'
When my daughter was born they used these in the hospital. She was sent home with a bunch. When we ran out we tried a few store brand diapers which were horrible and didn't hold her poops in. We switched and started buying the Swaddlers. I love the yellow line that turns blue to indicate urine and they hold her poops in!! (except those occasional blowouts)
We love these diapers, there is no leakage, our baby stays dry and rash free. We recommend this brand over any other in the market.
I love the pampers line especially the swaddlers my four month old is allergic to all other brands of diapers except pampers. My mind is at ease knowing that they can keep him dry through most of the night.
As a first time mom, I did not know about the differences in diapers out there. The hospital I delivered at uses Pampers and I continued to use them until I received another brand as a gift at the baby shower. I could tell right away that pampers brand was superior, we had no leaks and the fit was better than the other brand. We now only use Pampers exclusively.
Pampers swaddlers are, in my opinion, the best diapers to use with newborns. They fit perfectly and help prevent leaks better than other brands.
Pampers swaddlers work great for my little one. We fell in love with the indicator strip initially being new parents. Absorbent and work great for our needs for day time use.
We have used these with my son since he was born. They are so soft and really fit the baby body well. Not to mention the sizes last longer than others we have tried. By that I mean, we seem to stick in a 1, 2, and now 3 a lot longer than I anticipate because they don't instantly get too small. They have enough stretch and room to work for a while. With any future children, we will be using Pampers, hands down!

Love them!
These diapers were supplied in the hospital and they are great. Love the line indicator and softness of these swaddlers!
I just love swaddlers! When our baby girl was born, swaddlers were the only diapers that fit her properly and kept her dry. But most importantly, they are crazy soft, reassuring you that your little ones delicates will gently protected. We ran into the occasional leaks/blowouts but that seemed to occur most frequently when we needed to go up a size. We won't use anything but pampers! Highly recommend!
I loved using these diapers when my daughter was first born. The wetness indicator was so helpful, especially for my husband who did not have any experience taking care of a baby.
I used Swaddlers during my baby newborn till the 3rd month. The diapers did not leak at all until the 3rd month when the size of the diapers (Size 2) were too small for my fast growing baby.
These are my favorite diapers to buy for my 7 month old. I received many different kinds at my baby shower, but these have been the best for our family. The only ones i use now.
We have used Pampers Swaddlers from day 1 and will use them until we have accomplished the feat of potty training! NEVER had a leak or the infamous "blow out" others speak of and my little one has slept through the night since she was four months old- always dry. Plus I just love the blue stripe too!
Pampers are the only brand my husband and I will use for our little one. They are made of such good quality that nothing else even compares. We even took Pampers to the hospital with us once our hospital switched from Pampers to Huggies.
My husband and I love Pampers Swaddlers. Our favorite feature is the wetness indicator; we can tell if we have to change our daughter immediately. They fit her well--they aren't too tight or too loose, and they absorb everything. We don't have to worry if she's uncomfortable because the diaper is doing its job 100%.
Me and my fieancee choose pampers swaddlers over any brand because if our daughter does have a full diaper it don't bust threw because it's full not that she even sits In a diaper that long but if it is you can smell the urine an it don't leak threw to clothes.
Started using these from the hospital, and continued when we got home with our little one. Don't buy too many newborn diapers, had to move up to size 1 at 2 weeks old!
I only use this brand and really like it. I recommended it to all the moms.
We have been using these diapers since day one and they are our favorite. They keep our baby nice and dry and we haven't had any accidents. The line also helped my husband with changing times in the beginning! We are now on size 3 and still use them. For night time, we use size 4 and haven't had any leaks in the morning.
From time to time we will buy cheap diapers. Then we remember why we buy pampers.
When my daughter was born they had these diapers in the hospital so of course we used them. After getting home we tried others out just to find out that none of them could compare!!!
These are great fitting absorbent diapers! We plan to continue using them until we potty train!
I absolutely love pampers swaddlers ! I've been using them on my baby girl since birth and they really are the best diaper ! It's super soft and I love the wetness indicator. There's times where I'm not really sure, don't blame me, first time mommy here, and when I see that blue line I'm happy I bought these. I also love how sleek they are. I hate putting her in bulky diapers. Pampers is the way to go !
These diapers are very absorbent and keep baby dry..I will highly recommend these to every mom..
I personally love the swaddlers for my little one and she does agree. I also appreciate the wetness indicator. This is a great feature to help me make sure my little one is always dry. She sleeps longer and is more comfortable in this brand of Diapers then any other diapers i have used so far.
My daughter can move about wherever she wants in these diapers! They don't leak and hold very well through the night!
This diaper keeps my baby drier longer without any leaks. The color changing indicator is great for my babysitters too!
Awesome, great quality!! Best diapers on the market.
Love pampers right from the first diaper change in hospital! Absorbency indicator is great feature and the size availability is great! I will never switch from pampers!
Great quality as usual. Love this product. Very comfortable.
I love pampers swaddlers, I used them the day she was born and would not use any other type of diaper. I like that there is a strip that tells when the diaper is wet. I also like that she stays dry throughout the whole night. I would definitely recommend pampers swaddlers to friends and family.
The quality of Pampers diapers is excellent! I was so impressed with the quality, as compared to other brands. My baby seemed to have constant leaks in other diaper brands, but now she is consistently dry; even after a long trip! They fit nicely to baby's body and the strip that indicates wetness is a feature I absolutely love! Very impressed!!
Pampers is the only diapers I will use! I have tried many other brands but pampers is the only one that hasn't leaked. I absolutely love pampers and refuse to use any other diapers but pampers!
Not complaints at all from this mommy of 3 :) I've used Pampers for the past 7 years!!!
These are the softest diapers ever. It worked on both my son and daughter. And both of them did not have any adverse reaction to it.
It works even in the larger sizes after my son started walking.

Great product !!!
We are blessed with our first baby and while doing the preparation for her arrival, we looked across lot of products but we finally endup with the pampers products and the reason is the wide range of offerings and need. We love pamper products and have used them ever since leaving the hospital. I highly recommend them to anyone!!!!
Love pampers used them for all my 3 kids and they work amazing every single time!
This is an excellent diaper to keep your little one dry. The yellow to blue indicator also lets you know the diaper is wet before your little one gets upset!
Awesome diapers especially for newborns. Good quality and price.
These are the first diapers to hug our babies bottome they keep her dry and soft and the indicator is great! Since she so sensitive and hates to be wet
Very soft and keep him dry even at night! No blowouts w poops, love them!!
As a new mom I loved the color changing wetness indicator. No more checking the diaper time after time only to find it dry and not needing changed. I have been using these for 11 months now and have never had issues with wet leaks. I had tried a competing brand that I received as a gift once and found that they seemed to be very wet in comparison to the Pampers product and also my daughter had issues with diaper rash while using the competitor product which she had not had previously or since using the Pampers. I am very happy with the product and would recommend them to any mom.
Had tons of diapers given at our baby shower. Was given these when my son was born at the hospital. Loved how soft they felt & my son actually began to enjoy his changing times. Do have to adjust the straps sometimes if he wiggles during his changes but overall have not had any major leaks or blowouts like other brands I've filled in with.
I love these diapers!!! They are so easy for my husband to tell when our son needs to be changed. He sometimes has a hard time with other diapers to tell when he is wet but with the color changing strip he feels so much more comfortable.
We used these right up through size 3. Being a new mom is never easy, these pampers made it easy for me to get the hang of learning to decipher a wet diaper with their indicator line. The overall fit was excellent and they were great at keeping my little one nice & dry. I would recommend them to every new mom! I did not use them after size 3 as I found the Baby Dry or cruisers to be a better fit.
Pampers swaddlers provide great comfort for my baby!
Best diapers ever, since my baby was born, this are the only diapers i have bought to him. Never got a rush .
I had triplets, and let me tell you I have went through some diapers! At my baby shower I was blessed with LOTS of diapers, so as you can imagine I got many different brands, tried them all... NONE compare to the Swaddlers ! In fact I took back the rest after finding out how much we liked the swaddlers and replaced them with swaddlers... it is all we use now!
These diapers are amazing. They keep my daughter dry and tell me when she's wet! Gotta love a diaper that tells you when it's wet!
I love these, I like how easy they are to stick on, even on baby's that wiggle a lot. The blue line that shows when they are wet, is really helpful too.
I tried other brands of diapers and wasn't nearly as satisfied. I thought I could get away with off brands but, I didn't find a fit that worked and some made my baby break out in rashes. Also, huggies didn't fit right and my baby ended up wetting the bed! So, pampers has been great and I will continue buying them!
Pampers were recommended to us by family, friends, and even the hospital! You have to listen when that many trusted people are recommending a product for your baby! We are glad we listened because we have been very happy with the quality, softness, and absorbency of these diapers. The wetness indicator is icing on the cake and helps us save money by telling us when we need to(or don't need to) change our son!
Pampers diapers were the first ones used by the hospital when we had our daughter , as we went home i had used an other brand , i had to go back to pampers as it was more gentle , more snuggling & we did not have leaking problem what so ever , will never switch to other brands
I have tried other brands before and these are superior.
I have always use Pampers brand since I had my first child and I still do use them I would love for every mother to use Pampers for their infants and kids
I am happy to say that the swaddlers are the softest and excellent quality diapers. My baby love those diapers and feels comfortable
I absolutely LOVE the wetness indicator on the diaper. When the diaper is dry, the line in the center of the diaper is yellow. When the diaper is wet, the line turns blue. I love that I can check my baby's diaper without disturbing her if she is sleeping.
I have used swaddlers through three babies. I think they are god quality diapers and have definitely been the best for our girls.
THESE ARE THE BEST DIAPERS TO USE. I WON'T USE ANY OTHER UNLESS THEY ARE OUT OF STOCK IN THE STORE AND I HAVE TO HAVE THEM. THEY HOLD AND FIT BABY BETTER THAN HUGGIES
LOVE LOVE LOVE the swaddles. They are super absorbent without being bulky when full. My 3 month old can sleep long stretches through the night and the pampers have never had a leak.
I have always used pampers since the birth of my oldest 8 years ago. I'll tell you one thing, as nice as it is for someone to help you out and buy diapers and wipes as a gift, if they asked me what kind I wanted I tell them with no guilt for price that I only use pampers. They are the Cadillac's of diapers and wipes. I know if I was a baby I wouldn't want to be put in the competitors dry and ruff products. They seem so comfortable that P&G should really think of making a pamper like product for older folks who use adult diapers. P.S. Thanks for never causing my kids to break out with a rash ( like other brands did).
I have used pampers Swaddlers for both of my boys and they are amazing. They keep them dry through the night.
The Swaddlers diapers are excellent diapers!! They are incredibly absorbent and worth every penny.
I'm a fan of all Pampers products, everyone I have tried has never left me disappointed and I love the Gifts To Grow program they have running. The swaddlers work for me two year old, they fit great and she has never had any leaks or spills and is always comfortable in them! Definitely recommend.
I've tried several different brands of diapers and I love pampers cruisers because they don't leak compared to other brands.
Pampers swaddlers are fabulous! We've only had experience with newborn size thus far and are more than pleased! The cord cutout is nice and the wetness indicator is convenient. We love Pampers!!!
My son loves Pampers! We have tried other brands, but he prefers Pampers. He is always dry and has never had any bad reaction to wearing them!
We were given lots of different diapers but all others seemed to leak of give our son a rash. Then we tried swaddlers. They worked perfect for our little boy. They also fit the best! No more accidents and the net helps wick away when he goes so if he's sleeping he doesn't wake up! They are also o so soft ! I would defiantly recommend these !
We love the softness and baby scent of swaddlers. They just have that baby soft "cuddly" feel to them.
I am in love with these diapers! The diapers my daughter was wearing before would have everything in such a mess, but these actually catch and hold all her messes!
Our little boy loves his Swadlers. No leaks, perfect fit and soft comfort.
Tried Luvs And Huggies, but they were no comparison to Pampers Swadlers
I only buy pampers for my son and he is two i have only ever bought pampers for him i love the quality thehow they fit him and keep him dry
With my newborn son I used Pampers swaddlers , of course I used other diapers too just to see what ones were best for him. My husband kept telling me he loved Pampers. Finally after trying all different brands I decided pampers were the best for our son. Huggies cut into his legs and Luvs weren't absorbent enough. Pampers were perfect ! I recommend them to all new mothers and I will continue to use them on my son and all my future children !
These diapers are wonderful, especially for a child that is prone to diaper rash. We have dealt with diaper rash for much of our pregnancy and these diapers have helped us to recognize a wet diaper quickly, are very absorbant for a day-time diaper, and keep her very dry before we change her.
Pampers Swaddlers are by far my favorite diaper on the market and within the Pampers products.
Pampers swaddlers are perfect fit for each size, they fit snug around babies waist and legs, avoiding leaks. Also being flexible and comfortable almost like they customise to your babies,makes pampers swaddlers the perfect fit. I absolutely love pampers swaddlers and recommend them to everyone I know.
I love all Pampers products especially the diapers. The Swaddlers are a perfect fit and keep my baby dry. I was so happy when Pampers came out with Swaddlers in the larger sizes.
I have tried other brands and nothing compares to Pampers Swaddlers. I LOVE the blue indicator line. I have no problem identifying when my baby needs to be changed. But this is a huge helper for his babysitters.
We've been using Swaddlers since we brought our daughter home and we love them soooo much they provide the comfort she needs, and keep her dry and protected
It has been 11 years since we've had a baby in the house! It is nice to know that the quality we have come to expect is still exactly what we get with pampers.
I love these diapers they are my #1 choice. Baby does well with them the fit is perfect and they absorb all of his messes. Would definitely recommend trying them to anyone questioning it
We tried several other brands including store brand diapers advertised as 'equivalent' to swaddlers, but these are the brand we keep coming back to. The other diapers had more leaks and blowouts. Also, didn't keep baby as dry. It's not a bargain if you go through them twice as fast.
Swaddler diapers are very good in terms of dryness, fitting. Our kid loves it and so do we,
I only use Pampers Swaddlers on my now 5 month old daughter. it was only when I tried another diaper once that I realized just how soft these diapers are. My daughter deserves the best and I know I like soft materials against my skin, therefore my baby deserves that wonderful feeling as well. These were the diapers used at the hospital I gave birth at and I now believe that is because of the wonderful softness and of course the wetness indicator. I definitely recommend these, especially for newborn babies. A newborn's urine output can be such a small amount that it is sometime hard to know for sure if they have went. Well with the wetness indicator you do not have to aggravate your infant by taking everything off to know for sure, just check to see if the line has changed color! I did need to make sure the tabs were almost touching when I put her bedtime diaper on in order to prevent leaks as a newborn, which is why I only gave 4 stars for fit, but honestly my baby had a very flat butt when she was a newborn and this could be a more baby specific issue than product related. As she gets toward the weight limit on each size, I can leave the tabs a little further apart. I am really glad these diapers are now made in the larger sizes as well!
Love these! They keep the little one nice and dry with a perfect fit.
I began purchasing pampers diapers in 2008 when my first daughter was born and now we are due with baby number three in just 9 short weeks and we will once again continue to buy pampers diapers they were amazingly well and they do not leak
We have been blessed to receive several packs of Pampers Swaddlers newborn and size 1 diapers as gifts. We have found that Pampers Swaddlers are true to size and are extremely absorbent. We are grateful for the quality of the diapers and a company that puts babies first!
I had used pampers swaddlers up until my son was in a size 3 diaper. I love the wetness indicator which is a lifesaver. They are soft, absorbent
I feel I love with Pampers after giving birth to my first son. I used a different brand eleven years ago with my daughters but pampers have redefined their brand and will continue to make headlines in the industry of but wiping.
Love the blue line it is great to know when baby needs a change.
I am a new father of twins and we had many types of diapers given to us for the baby shower. Out of all the different brands we have tried; my wife and I both agree pampers swaddlers are the best. The wet indicator is the BEST
I love these diapers. They are perfect for keeping my son dry and they have the handy stripe that tells me when hes wet.
Love them! They fit great. Better than Luvs, or huggies!
Love the softness of them and the wetness indicator!
When my baby was born, we tried several types and brands of diapers. The Pamper's swaddlers were hands down the best for us. When we tried to fit him into other brand's diapers, although the weight range and waist size was appropriate the legs would not fit. My husband and I would have to strap the waist too tight to ensure we wouldn't have leaking around the legs. Swaddler's has a nice ruching around the legs to ensure that it fits all leg sizes without leaks. Also, the strip showing whether the diaper is wet or not is a blessing. Our boy does not cry when wet, but we do not want him sitting in dirty diapers! Having the strip allows us to find out if a change is necessary with minimum disturbance to our boy when he is sleeping. Although the price of the diapers are more expensive than others, my husband and I feel that the additional price is worth it as we aren't throwing his clothes in the laundry all the time due to leaking in the legs.
The pampers swaddlers line is great! The color changing wetness indicators are incredibly helpful. The diapers are very soft and most importantly stop leaks. I highly recommend them!
i love these diaper. I am a new now and I loved how that I can see when my daughter had a wet diaper. These diapers are super absorbent so she never had a rash or anything.
I am a mom to an almost 2 month old little boy. When he was in the NICU when he was first born the nurses used Pampers Swaddlers. When we were able to bring our little man home we were comfortable with how pampers fit our son but had some other brands that were given to us from the baby shower. After using those other brands, my husband and I decided that we wanted to return back to Pampers because of how well they fit and easy to use. We love the blue line indicator!
we used papmpers exslusively, because a few others we tried did not match up. The swaddlers were the best. extra obsorbent, and easy moving.
pamper swaddler is soft. It can hold more than i have thought. I have never experienced leak
I like the fit of Pampers swaddlers on my son. He is very active now and even if he moves a lot, the diaper stays in place most of the time.
Awesome help as a new mom, great fit, no leaks and easy to put on my newborn! Husband agrees too! :)
In order to write a good review, performance and durance must be provided
The newborn swaddlers still come up just a bit high for the umbilical cord, but pampers makes it easy to fold down.
Diapers really fit well and are very absorbent. I would definitely recommend Pampers products to others. I plan on using Pampers with my next child as well.
You'll only want to use the best for your newborn and these are great to start out with! I use them with both of my kids and had no issues at all!
After my firstborn had a really bad reaction to other leading diapers we switched to pamper swaddler and never looked back. Now 6 years later and another little one we still use papers swaddler !
Only diapers that I use! Great diapers! I have tried other brands and they don't fit right and they leak!
We've tried just about every brand of diapers out there. What we've learned is that pampers offers the best value for comfort, protection and fit. Our kiddos have very sensitive skin and are always on the move! Pampers may seem pricier, but the quality is much, much better! And, considering this brand has saved me money on creams and clothes, I'd happily pay the few extra dollars and save myself a lot of headaches! I even like the smell of the soft, powdery scent the diapers seem to have.
My baby is 9 months old now. We have always used pampers with great success. We switched brands at one time to try to save money but that didn't work out. They leaked often. With the right fit, Pampers never leaks except for some stool once in a while, depending on the consistency. I am very happy with Pampers Swaddlers.
When I had my child the hospital used pampers. I have tried a couple different brands and went back to pampers based on the quality.
I love the wetness indicator on these and they absorb all the way through the night.
I LOVE this product, and was introduced to them at the hospital. No wonder the product has the following imprint "#1 recommended by hospitals"! I've tried other brands from Newborn till being out of diapers, and hands down, I will always choose Pampers when I can. I highly recommend it for absorbency and I truly appreciate the gentle baby scent. They were great for both my boy and girl and now that I am on my third child, there is no question what to choose when I need to restock.
I have used swaddlers on my son since we brought him home. I have tried other brands because we received a number of different types at our baby shower but nothing works as good.
We found that compared to the others out there, these fit our smaller newborn (5lb 13oz) MUCH better than the rest.

The inner elastic also seems to fit our little one's legs better.
We love these diapers. They are far better than others we have used. They don't leak and keep our baby's clothes clean and dry!
ive used them on 3 boys there great fit and not a bad price either
My daughter uses these diapers during the day for easy movement and at night for a dry, accident free, peaceful sleep.
We used Pampers swaddlers for our first daughter 8 years ago, so of course, it was natural for us to want to use them again. There is a reason that hospitals use swaddlers! They are GREAT!! I have tried several different brands of diapers on the last month, and nothing compares to Pampers. My daughter stays completely dry, and she doesn't smell like urine (the other brands I tried would smell strong of urine the minute my daughter peed). The only thing I don't like about the Pampers swaddlers, is the size difference between size newborn and size 1. Our daughter is 6 weeks old and could really move up (the newborn still fit, but they are tight) and the size 1's go half way up to her chest and are loose and bulky by her butt. All in all, Pampers swaddlers are a great diaper and I highly recommend them!
Love Pampers! Great quality and fit. They were the best choice for my child.
I love Pampers Swaddlers simply because they make it easy to keep my baby and her umbilical cord clean and dry! I love the swaddlers wetness indicator. I had someone ask me how I keep diaper rash away, I said that the little stripe on her diaper tells me when she is wet. No more guessing, just check and change and her bottom stays clean and healthy!

Everyone is raving about these new swaddlers asking why didn't they have them when their little ones were born years ago.

I highly recommend them for new and old moms!
I love these diapers I use them for my daughter and used them for my son..
I absolutely love pampers swaddlers. I will not use any other product on my son. I love how it pulls the wetness away
I have found Pampers swaddlers and cruisers to be the best fit for my little girl. She always seems comfortable in them. She also stays very dry and we have had very few problems with diaper rash.
Swaddlers are, without a doubt, the best infant diapers on the market. They're soft, absorbent and gentle on baby's skin. No other diaper can compare.
With my first baby its always I choose the perfect quality product and no doubt Pampers Swaddlers is No.1
Have used the swaddlers for all three of my boys and love the softness and absorbency of the diapers!
My sister recommended Swaddlers for our first child, so that's all we ended up registering for. We loved them from the start - super soft, love the wetness indicators and fit great. After our son was a few months old and ran out of the diapers we received as shower gifts (and subsequently realized how costly diapers are) we experimented with cheaper brands. We learned quickly that although the Swaddlers are more expensive, they're worth it. The cheaper brands leaked, had a perfumey odor and felt like plastic. We love Swaddlers and will not experiment with other brands in the future.
I love this product it is really helpful for my baby and good quality. very soft and smooth chemical free i recomonded
I use Pampers Swaddlers for my two month old and I can't say enough good things! They keep him dry and happy . And for overnight they are fantastic . He never has a leaky diaper ! Thank you Pampers for keeping my little guy happy!
I do believe that this diaper is the best out there that I have tried. I have tried a lot of diapers. It is a tad pricey. That would probably be the only thing that I would like to change. Other than that, it's soft compared to the other brands as well keeps him dry. My baby has never had any diaper rashes using these.
We love Pampers! We never have leaks or rashes! I definitely recommend Pampers!
Overall, this diaper is the best we've found for our newborn. I do wish it went a bit higher up the back, however, as she tends to wind up with fecal matter up over the back edge of the diaper occasionally. The diaper is absorbent and, unlike others we've tried, doesn't leak urine. We don't like to leave her in a wet or dirty diaper and the indicator is a great help to ensure that she isn't!
Now that my baby has grown I continue to diaper her in the swaddlers! They hold so much better than Huggies. She sleeps through the night and doesn't leak!
I used them with my oldest and I'm expecting again. I am definitely going to use them this time as well. They are excellent for overnights.
I've tried luvs and huggies for my son Julian but overall pampers are the best. Unlike luvs pampers keeps his bottom dry preventing diper rash and pampers beat luvs and huggies when it comes to blow outs and leakage. I also absolutely love the wetness indicator on pampers. I give pampers a 10/10
Of all the diapers I tried, swaddlers were my favorite while my daughter was in newborns and size 1
I remember back then I use to wish this product would upgrade on its size now that I recently had my new born I'm so excited that they have done this. I would recommend this product to the whole world I love it's quality and it feel just amazing as a baby you know you are working with great people behind this product
Never will I use any other brand diaper for my son!!! Love pampers!!!
I've used papers swaddlers since my little one came gone from the hospital. They are an awesome brand and a very comfortable fit for my baby, they are very durable.
never had diaper issues till date... my kid is always dry and comfortable.. never have leaked
Having twins, I found that Pampers were the best for them. No allergies to them, the smell of freshness and absolutely no leakage
I am on my third baby and pampers are by far the best. I have tried multiple brands in the past and they always leaked. Pampers Swaddlers are soft and fit well. I have had a few instances of liquid stool coming out of the leg part but I think any diaper would have leaked with that.
Im so glad these are made in larger sizes now! I used these for my 9 year old and am still with my 2 year old. Never had had any issue with these diapers!
we love this swaddlers diapers.
smells really good.
The changing color makes us mothers know when our love ones have gone to the bathroom , these diapers help ma baby move and feel better
After trying another brands, I more appreciative of these diapers...
I really felt that the swaddlers were far better than huggies. They fit better, kept our baby dryer and were great at letting us know when we needed to change her.
With our first baby, we tried several name/store brand diapers. Pampers diapers were by far the best of the bunch and met or exceeded our expectations for absorbency, containing leaks, fit, durability and overall quality. With our second baby, I stuck with what was tried and true!
I love the gentle feel on my baby's skin. They absorb a great deal and I don't have to get up as often at night. They also have the wetness indicator so you I don't have to disturb my sleeping baby.
The diapers are great. The only ones we've used. The only downside are blowouts...but I don't think anything helps that! Upsetting when it leaks out the bottom and onto her onsie, but that's life with a baby I guess. We haven't used any other diapers so we're overall happy with swaddlers!
Love pampers swaddlers! The only diaper that actually holds overnight! Thanks pampers for making my diaper decision easy for me!
I absolutely love these diapers!! they are awesome for newborns, super soft and they even smell so good!
LOVE THE COLOR CHANGING SRTIP AND THEY ARE RECLOSEABLE IF YOU NEED TO ADJUST THE TIGHTNESS.
These diapers are the best diapers, hands down! With little ones constantly leaking, these diapers are your best option for preventing that.
We are very happy with the absorbency of these diapers. No diaper rashes and no leaks, even during the long overnight hours. We got box of Huggies, as a gift, and we couldn't wait till we were done with it. My little one start having rushes as well as during night time she leaked.
These diapers worked great through size 2 and were soft and comfortable for my baby. They have a nice smell as well and were very absorbent. These are great for babies with sensitive skin.
Pampers are by far the best brand and only diaper I will use on my child/children. Softest and more absorbant than any other.
I can't say enough about pampers swaddlers!! They have been the only diaper we have used and will continue to use. As a first time mama, we want the very best for our baby girl and I know we are giving her that everyday she wears pampers swaddlers. They are super comfy, keep her dry all night and not to mention, they smell amazing!
These are the only diapers my son can wear! We have tried all other brands and we have had multiple outfit changes. With pampers, though, no outfit changes this far! Been in exclusively pampers swaddlers since 3 months old. He's now 6 months old. He also sleeps through the night in pampers where as huggies I changed him twice a night. Definitely would recommend!
I've tried different brands and I keep coming back to swaddlers except for blowouts that no diaper seems to contain I have no complaints at all.
Ftm and I've been trying out a variety of diapers from pampers to huggies to the honest company. Definitely prefer pampers swaddlers to any other brand so far as does baby! Will continue to use :)
I love these diapers ! They're the only ones I trusted when both boys were newborns and the only ones I buy for my nieces and nephews
I love how soft these diapers are and give my baby the protection she needs. I also love how they have a indicator that lets you know if they need a diaper change. It makes life so much easier.
Pampers are the only diapers we have used with our 5 month old. She's been sleeping through the night for over a month now, and we have had no leaks! the wetness indicator is nice! but also that the white is semi transparent on the sides so you can see some #2 :-P
There is no need to try any other brand or kind of diaper, period. The swaddlers are diaper perfection.
Pampers swaddlers are absolutely the best diapers out there. I have tried other diapers and I always come back to Pampers swaddlers. They are soft and the indicator line takes all the guess work out of it. They might be priced slightly higher than the competition but they're well worth it.
Very Happy That I Purchase These Pampers For My Little One
We loved the Swaddlers when my daughter was an infant. As new parents we relied on the wetness indicator all of the time! Never did they leak and they fit nicely. The quality surpasses any other brand.
These are our go to for night time diapers. They're a lot more absorbent than competing brands.
So soft and unbelievably absorbant while keeping my babies dry!
Pampers are by far the best diapers! They've held up for the entire night without leaks. I'm a huge fan of their wipes too.
With the stress of being a new mother the last thing I wanted to worry about was diaper rash. Purchasing these was the best decision I made. The wetness indicator works almost instantly and the diaper is super absorbent. Never leaky, always dry.
Great pamper for my baby's sensitive skin. I love the yellow line that is an easy sign that my baby's pamper needs to be changed. I wish there would be like a rubber/gathering or something in the back of it to avoid leaks from traveling up my sons back.
AWESOME diapers!!
I've never had one leak and they are super absorbent.
My daughter loves pampers! We didn't use them on our first but def glad we switched!!
I would choose these over any other. They are a great quality and my LO never got any diaper rash from them. They also last throughout the night!
First time mom, pampers swaddle is great and it fits very well.
I love these diapers! Pampers are all I use on my baby girl! The umbilical cord notch was a plus so I didn't have to fold her diaper! They kept her potty in her diaper instead of out! Definitely a great diaper!
I won't use any other diapers. Even the Huggies with the wetness indicator aren't even close to how good these are. I recommend them to everyone with a baby!
We loved these diapers. No issues at all. The higher prices were worth the dryness and lack of leaks.
Super soft! Keeps baby dry without puffing up. Best fit. Tried another brand and gave the pack away and immediately went back to swaddlers.
They are the best diaper around! I am a new parent of twin boys and they save me from many unwanted diaper surprises! the Best Diaper!
My kids have sensitive skin and they are the only diapers that don"t give them a rash. Thank goodness for Pampers!
I love these diapers for my little boy. Swaddlers cover my little boy perfectly. They are the best fit diaper I have found.
Two kids have worn these and we love them. Great fit and no issues
We have tried huggies and luvs diapers. Swaddlers are the only diapers the pull the moisture from your baby's bottom and keeps them dry. They sleep all through the night in the same swaddler, and never has the diaper leaked. We won't use anything else.
I absolutely love Pampers Swaddlers. The only diaper that I never had to worry about my LO getting a diaper rash with! They really do keep them dry and comfortable. Especially all thought the night!!!
I have tried about 4 different brands of diapers for my newborn already, and i have to admit i was skeptical at first. I have always chosen Huggies over anything else. This time Pampers Swaddlers have far exceeded my expectations. No leakage, very soft on my baby's skin. Fantastic product, i'll recommend it to anyone!
every other product i tired leaked with my little one. baby dry has been amazing and i've had no leaks
This is the only brand of diapers I have used for my 3 children. Best diaper you can buy!
Swaddlers are by far my favorite, used them for both kids! Love the feel, the quality, the absorption, they're awesome!
I am a nanny and both children use pampers. Neither ever have blow outs and always stay in place.
I love, love, love pampers swaddlers! They fit great and seem so comfy for my little one. All my mommy friends told me these are the best diapers and they were right! I also love that it has a yellow line that turns blue so you can tell if the diaper needs to be changed!! So glad these diapers are up to size 5; I will definitely use them until potty training time!
I have used Pampers for both my kids and loved the products they produce. I especially like the Pampers nighttime diapers and that is the only diaper that did not leak for my second child.
Pampers Swaddlers are a great quality of diapers for a great price. I highly recommend them to all mothers
I have been a mom for almost 10 years and I have tried many different diapers on the market. My all time favorite is Pampers!! I always started with the Swaddlers but was disappointed because they were not available past size 2 and now they are. I use them on my 8 month old and will continue to until she outgrows diapers! Thanks again Pampers!!
This diaper is the softness and what I would imagine to be the most comfortable- if my daughter could talk and tell me! They fit her very well and are good at absorbing during the day. We had a few leaks at night when she was sleeping longer than 4 hours. We found "Baby Dry" pampers to be better for longer nighttime stretches, but overall we like the swaddlers better. If you don't catch a good sale, these diapers can get quite expensive. The only reason we've ever bought any other diapers than these was because of cost. Swaddlers are definitely our families' favorite.
My daughter is always in Pampers; either swaddlers or cruisers. I bought these because they were cheaper than the normal cruisers (at the time I purchased although the next day they were acutally more expensive). I thought these would be cute for the 4th of July and also the Olympics. Overall I like the 'cuteness' of the normal cruisers better but it is fun to have a change once in a while with the pattern and still have the quality I have come to expect.
I like that these come with a wetness indicator even on larger sizes. When my daughter only wets her diaper slightly, it can still be hard to tell, but these make sure that I know when it's time for a new one!
I have used the pampers swaddled on all my new babies. And now that they come in even bigger sizes I'm also being able to use them on my toddler. They absorb the best and they also fit better then all the other leading brands out there. Love this product and I recommend them to all new mommies!
I love Pampers swaddlers diapers. They are so soft and fit my baby very well.
Pampers are number one in qulity. Exspecialy swaddlers, it's like wrapping your baby in a soft blanket. Love the stretchy sides, how it contours around baby's leg which makes better protection. I'm pleased to see that they now make swaddlers in larger sizes. Thanks pampers for providing superior protection for my baby. I definitely recommend Pampers swaddlers.
So far i believe pampers has the softest diapers that will fit newborn nicely. I've used other brands as well, but nothing is compared to this quality
I have tried many other brands, but I keep coming back to Pampers Swaddlers! I LOVE the stripe that tells you when the diaper is wet. Very helpful particularly for grandparents! We never have leaks or rashes with Pampers like we have with most other brands. Worth paying more for!
Love these diapers and so does my little one. My 4 year old loves the color changing wetness indicator because she is able to tell when the baby is wet and lets mommy and daddy know!
I am in love with swaddlers pampers, they are so soft, they last sooo long, and best of all it has an indicator as to when the baby is wet.
These diapers were the softest most observant diapers I have ever used before . Never left red marks on baby and never allowed any leaks . I love that they started making more sizes !!
The diapers are great, but not for a baby who sleeps through the night.
Only diapers I use . they're great. no worries about leakage so i can sleep better at night.
Pampers swaddlers are my favorite diaper to use! I never have to worry about putting one on my 2 month old daughter overnight and wake up to a leaky mess. I love the fact that the newborn diapers have the blue line to let you know they are wet. I wish they had it for the size 1 diaper as well!
I love this product and I think my baby loves it to
I think they are a great buy, I had huggies and they dont compare to the quality that you get from pampers. Will be buying pampers until my daughter is potty trained.
Swaddlers is all we use for our babies! Truly the best!
We tried so many different brands in the beginning and I found pampers was the best. ESPECIALLY the swaddlers. LOVED LOVED LOVED them!!!!!!
These were perfect when my daughter was small. Will definitely use when my son is born.
I love Pampers Swaddlers! These were the ones used at the hospital and we haven't used any other since my daughter was born. They fit very well and we haven't had a leaking episode yet. Plus my husband loves the wetness indicator! :)
I have to say that as a dad it's kind of easy with these pampers. He's a very active and hyper little boy! I just love him so much but, using the Swaddlers helps me a lot. I never have to deal with a diaper leaking,it not fitting right, or it feeling uncomfortable for him. Me and my wife have tried a lot of different brands and we keep coming back to Pampers. These are really the best diapers available. The only thing is that they are a little expensive.
My son has sensitive skin and eczema, so we are particular about all his products. We have briefly tried other diapers - when we run out and have to use a spare from someone else - but we keep coming back to the Swaddlers. He nevers gets reactions when he's in Swaddlers, and I feel good about them.
We have tried every kind of diaper and these are the best for our baby girl. The fit is great. They keep her dry and have the fewest accidents. Love the blue stripe to indicate wetness!
I love these diapers. They absorb great and don't look nasty yellow after used once.
I have a newborn and swaddlers have been the best out of all the brands we've tried. Love them!
Pamper swaddlers was my choice because of course their the hospitals first choice, but also I find them to be a very good quality product. I don't have to worry about leakage, proper fit, absorption or any mishaps. I'm very pleased
These diapers work great on our little guy! I love the fact that there's a cutout for his umbilical cord and that I always know when he's wet or dry!
This is the only diaper that I trusted in my newborn.
We tried EVERY diaper out there. These were the only ones that worked for our daughter. They are super absorbent and a great fit. We love them!
I love Pampers Swaddlers! My baby is being nursed and naturally, the stool can get messy. But I never worry about diaper blow-outs due to how absorbent the Pampers Swaddlers are. I love the indicator strip that lets me know that my baby is wet before I even open the diaper. Better than all of the other leading brands (I've tried them all)!
We were having some issues with my 10 month old waking up soaking wet so we tried these.. we love them! I know all babies shapes vary- but these truly work the best for us as far as keeping him dry all night long!
The Lebedas
I love pampers. As a new mom I got lots of different types of diapers, and i said to my husband "were buying pampers from now on!" Not only are they good for not leaking, just the way the material feels is better than other diapers!!
i love this product very much. will always be my first choice
My baby sleeps comfortably n content even if his diaper is full. Thanks to Pampers for its excellent quality! It makes all babies pampered :)
Love these diapers! Keeps my LO dry and no leaks over night!
My son is now 3, and I have another little boy on the way! These are the only diapers I've asked for! Couldn't ask for better quality!!
another fantastic pampers product. i am never disappointed.
My son leaked through everything but pampers swaddled I wont spend my money on anything else
I only use pamper products. It comfort and fit to my baby. I like pampers better than other products.
I have tried a lot of brands but never seemed to have luck. Pampers was the only brand that never leaked!!
Pampers Swaddlers are true to it's features & benefits. I absolutely love using them on my daughter that I only buy pampers brand. I love the wetness indicator, its super soft touch and absorbency - never leaked once & that rates perfection!
Love pampers swaddlers for my little man. The fit is great and they conform well.
This size 3 diapers are comfort to my babby makes me happy
When my sweet baby was born the hospital used pampers and being this is my first child I always heard that we need to go with hugged but when I tried them she leaked out and they were cutting her skin...but I had all these boxes so the lady was kind enough to let me exchange them for pampers.
We have three kids two of which are still in Pampers. The swaddlers seem to work so much better for our family. We have tried other brands of diapers and even the baby dry pampers but the swaddlers stay on better than any others.
This is an awesome diaper. We did try other brands, but they leaked and didn't hold overall. Definitely recommend!
I love how there is an indicator to show wetness.
Makes it a little easier to know when to change my baby boy, I don't have to put my finger in his diaper to know I can just check! Lol
Swaddlers are great absorbing . They are soft and flexible
They are the best so far and my baby is 10 weeks already!!! Sje has not had one pampers diaper leak yet!
Would recomend these diapers! We love the color changing wetness indicator! No leaks, yet!
I absolutely love Pampers Swaddlers Diapers. They always help keep my baby dry longer. I love Pampers!
These are by far my favorite diapers. I have a 6 month old and a 2 year old, and they make my day easier because I'm not having to clean spots up from a leaky diaper or changing baby's clothes due to diaper leakage. They are a tad bit more expensive then some brands but, they are well worth EVERY SINGLE penny!! These diapers have a wonderful smell, soft on the inside and outside of the diaper and are gentle enough for an infant or a moving toddler. Oh and the awesome color changing wetness line, gotta love that... Amazing!! Only diapers I buy my babies.:)
Fit perfectly, can survive multiple pees and poos!
I am a new mom at 40. I have a always known that Pampers was considered one of the best, but now I know for sure that Pampers are truly the best! I have tried Huggies and Luvs and neither one did as well as the Pampers Swaddles did. I would definitely recommend them to any new mother.
Great product. We love your company. Diapers keep my baby dry for a long time.
Havent had a diaper rash yet!!! They keep my babygirl dry!!!
As a first time mom, I love Pampers Swaddlers. They fit my baby wonderfully, and hold everything in-no leaks! She also loves the softness of them, and can move around with ease. The blue line is great for if my daycare is closed and I have an older family friend watch her who is used to cloth diapers; that way they don't have to guess. By far my favorite kind of diapers I have bought. :)
We are first time parents and weren't sure what diapers would be best for us. We had a couple of different brands that we tried but the pampers worked best for us. Others leaked because of the poor fit, especially during the night when our child was wiggling a lot. We love them and will not use another brand :)
We tried all the major brands and even some of the cheaper store brands. Baby kept "leaking" out of the other diapers. They just didn't fit well. Once you have to bathe your baby every time he poops because the diaper doesn't hold up, you find out what works. Pampers works!
These fit so much better than... that other big brand. The absorbency is a force to be reckoned with, too! My little girl sleeps all the way through the night with no problems or discomfort. We LOVE LOVE them!
I love the blue line to indicate wetness. You never have to remove diaper to check or feel inside diaper. Once you find the right size, leaks are very minimal. Diapers haven't caused any rashes and baby is 3 months old.
As usual Pampers have been THE best brand diapers. Cruisers and Swadlers are the very best. However we can't seem to keep from leaking out of the baby drys.
I love the design and they keep he baby dry through the night better then other I have used.
The only diapers I will put my daughter in. So gold they came out with size 4 and 5 in the swaddlers!
I was given pampers swaddlers when my son was first born from the hospital.I have given other diapersa try that are a little bit cheaper and I keep returning to pampers. They are worth the extra money and I will only use them now,
We use only pampers for our son. They don't leak and they fit his little curves well . The wipes also seem to keep his skin fresh and clean
I prefer Pampers Swaddlers over any other diaper. Great quality and great fit!
With my newborn baby on the way, I had no idea with brand of diapers to choose from, either Huggies or Pampers...at first I tried Huggies and I didn't like how they absorb up because it seems to me I was always changing my baby's diaper, plus I hated how it didn't have a wet indicator like pampers does...i switch to pampers and it seems to last way longer. It was so much better for my baby and I just loved the quality of it .
Pampers may be the more expensive brand but if it's dryness you're worried about then this is your brand!
Love these diapers! They stay dry and are super soft!
love these pampers only ones I use for my baby! thanks
The only complaint is leakage during the night time hours
THE PRICE IS LITTLE MORE BUT EVEN THE PRODUCT IS EXCELLENT.THANK YOU
I used Pampers five years ago with my son they fit him very we'll and never had any leakage. Im now using it with my newborn daughter and I love them even more. I wouldn't use any other brand.
I love the line that turns green when the diaper is wet.
I find pampers to be the best brand diaper to use with my baby. They fit and keep every thing in well.
I have used swaddlers sizes newborn to 4 with my son and am now using them with my newborn. I have never had any problems with leaking as I did when trying other brands. Swaddlers never disappoint - great product!
I have a son who tends to stool out quite a bit due to a condition he suffered at a week old. He tends to have "bowel movement explosions" 1-2 times a day. I've had success with pampers which has been really nice. Especially when we are out and about.
Since the day my baby was born she was in Pampers Swaddlers. Pampers Swaddlers keep her comfy and dry. Pampers swaddlers fit well, they are super absorbent, and lets not forget that wetness indicator which I absolutely love, all for an affordable price, I wouldn't think about having my baby in anything else! :)
When my son was born the hospital used these. I love the fit around the legs it helps prevent leaks. I have tried other diapers and if you didn't get them tight enough he would wake up soaked and they didn't fit well around the legs at all. I really like the wetness indicator strip. Overall very satisfied with the Pampers.
I love Pampers Cruisers! I always transition my babies from Swaddlers to Cruisers. Once baby is rolling, crawling & walking Cruisers are a perfect fit that doesn't leak. I've tried other brands and nothing compares to what a great overall product Cruisers are!
A great diaper especially for new moms like me .The wetness indicator is a nice feature to know when the diaper is dirty,its also very absorbent and does not leak.
Swaddlers are great! love how my baby can sleep the whole night with no leaks! also great on babies learning to walk as far as flexibility! Love Pampers! Would recommend to everyone!
Used swaddlers on my baby at first. Loved the indicator since we were new parents and really couldn't tell just let if wet or not.
Out of all diapera ive tried for my son these are byfar the best
LOVE THE YELLOW TO BLUE CHANGE WHEN WET! MAKES CHANGING EASIER AND MORE EFFICIENT!
They are pricey, but they really seem worth it when you read the reviews on other products. My two year old is wearing size 4s and my newbon size 1s. We won't be switching to a different model or brand. These work too good!
I love pampers swaddlers, very soft and high quality
Pampers Swaddlers are the first diapers we've used on our son. We haven't used anything else since then and he's 15 months old. Absolutely love them!
Had these at the hospital but tried some other brands and even other types of pampers. These are by far the best, softest, and driest diaper. No more poopy blow outs or leaks! Great value!
I love swaddlers especially for my new babies. They are the softest diapers out there and are great for their sensitive skin. I wish they went higher in sizes with them!
I used these diapers throughout my baby's first months and I have to say they are wonderful!
My all time favorite, very absorbanT. I love the wetness indicator being a first time mom and all. Only diaper my son can use without breaking out.
These are the only diapers my 2 month old daughter can wear. Not only do they fit her amazingly well but they don't break her out in a rash! I love the color change indicator too! Amazing diapers!
I absolutely love love love these for my baby girl highly recommended!
I love Pampers! I guess you can say ever since I was a baby! My mom used Pampers, now I'm a mom and use Pampers. I first received Pampers brand in the hospital and just continued to use them going on 9 weeks now. I love the wetness indicator. Just and all around awesome diaper. No complaints.
Great quality that is incomparable to other brands.
Pampers is the only brand I can use to my kids without getting rashes.
Show when your child urinates the diaper. Great for your child
We prefer the wick-away liner over another brand whose tufted liner caused leaks. Diapers last through the night with no wetness. Husband swears to Pampers after disappointment with other brands.
Pampers swaddlers are our #1 pick for diapers. My son has sensitive skin and these diapers do not irritate him at all. They fit perfectly around his legs. We had problems with leaking diapers before we found swaddlers. No more leaks.
The pampers swadlers diapers are the best, they fit excellent and my child is comfy too. Also it has great absorbence especially at night, they keep my baby dry. Thier just great:)
These are great!. I really like how they are comfortable for my baby.
Pampers Swaddlers was surprisingly not the brand used at our hospital but it was the first one that my mother-in-law bought for our little daughter! I loved it mainly because of its perfect fit.

The Swaddlers wraps around your baby perfectly and leaves no gaps on the sides, so bowel leaks are reduced to a very great extent! Also the wetness indicator works well, so I know when my little one definitely needs a change.

Makes for a happy baby and a happy me, every day!
we have tried other brands but they left my son feeling damp and a little odor came from them. we went back to pampers and will never go back its the only diaper that works for our son Jax
As an infant care giver, swaddlers have always been my favorite diaper and were my first choice for my daughter when I became a parent.
As a first time mom is hard to trust anything because you don't know about products but since the first time I try it, I loved it, never did I have a problem with this product. So far I haven't ha any rashes or messes, I love it!!
Love the Pampers Newborn diapers! As a new mom, these are easy to use and they absorb a lot of liquid. Additionally, the blue line which indicates he needs to be changed makes things easy when the baby is crying and we're trying to figure out why. I highly recommend this to any mom.
We've tried many different diaper brands none compare to the quality of pampers!
Swaddlers are our favorite diaper. I always loved them as newborns and so now I'm glad they are available for the bigger babies now. They are a high quality diaper and they work great and are so soft. I'm glad the strip is now on them to that really is convienent. They also last all thru the night, there great.
I've tried all the brands of diapers and pampers is far the best!! Never a wet diaper in the middle of the night!
Our child has very sensitive skin and this product has been great for him.
I was a first time parent this past year and had no idea what brand name or prodcuts to use. My nurse in the hospital brought me a pack of Pampers Swaddlers and I have never looked back. The line that shows when the diaper needs changing, saved me from many frantic situations! They are the softest out there and smell so baby fresh! I now have 9 months under my belt, and I will always choose Pampers. My next one is on the way already and he will also be a Pampers baby. Thank you so much for making such a great product!!
Swaddlers are wonderful. As a new mom, I was concerned about the dryness of the diapers. This brand has proven to Keep her little tushy dry. I absolutely love it!!
Love pampers! I never even tried other brands for my newborn, there was no need to
I used swaddlers for my newborn son until he couldn't fit them anymore. I actually wished they came in the bigger sizes too. It was nice to know that the diapers were soft and didn't contain any odors like I experienced with other diapers like Huggies. When you're a new mom people expect you to try out everything and I was guilty of trying everything everyone suggested as far as diapers were concerned. There is no comparison to the Pampers brand. They weren't the most expensive diapers and they weren't the cheapest but they were worth every penny. I'll be expecting again in a few months and I plan on using the Pampers Swaddlers again.
It fits really well on my DS and it absorbs really good. No leaking:) I also love the wetness indicator! Worth the money!!!
Tried Huggies not a fan. They are to hard to get on. I only use pampers!
These diapers are my absolute favorite!! The wetness strip on the diaper is wonderful!
I love these diapers. I need to find ways to keep saving on Pampers.
I love these diapers. I knew they were good since the hospital uses them. They're soft on the newborns skin, really absorbent, & rarely leak. Pampers makes great products & I am a loyal customer.
I've always herd amazing things about Pampers. I had to try them for my son and they are amazing! No blow outs and leaks. I highly recommend!!!
I love how nicely swaddlers fit. They seems to stretch with movement. I have been using them with my 15 mo boy, and we have had no problems with leaks even through 13 hours overnight.
I used Swaddlers with both my children. I absolutely loved them with my daughter and used them until she outgrew them.
Love the swaddlers. They are extremely soft compared to other diapers. I like the fact that they are white except for the wetness indicator. I am not a big fan of diapers with characters all over them.
These fit well and we haven't had incidence of diaper spill overs because we know when the diaper is soiled. The netting inside helps prevent baby waste from sticking to their precious bum. Highly recommended for sensitive babies.
I only used Pampers Swaddlers on my babies when they were little.
I definetly prefer this product to other brands and styles! I of course wish they were a touch cheaper but sometimes paying a little more is better I guess. My son sleeps through the night without puffing these diapers way out or wetting through some like other brands I've used.
Swaddlers seemed comfortable. They did their job and did not leave marks
Love these diapers! Great fit for my daughters smaller frame.
As a busy mom to a newborn, I can trust that Pampers newborn diapers, keep my baby dry so she can sleep soundly, and wake up when she is ready to be awke.
I have tried all kinds of other diapers even cloth, pampers is the best... i will never bye any other diaper again for my little boy
We have had good suceess with Pampers Swaddlers. Keeps our baby dry and fit well.
I love pampers diapers and wipes! They always have sales and reasonable prices.
I extremely like that It has a wetness indicator. the diapers are very absorbent and they also put away the wetness from my baby's skin.
We have tried many different brands of diapers but we always come back to Pampers. The fit and dryness are better than any others we have tried. I highly recommend the swaddlers.
The diapers are wonderful. The color changing wetness indicator was very helpful with being first time parents.
They were the first diaper we used on our son in
The hospital and I have happily maintained using them
I just love these!!!
I have used pampers for over two years now and I can't tell you how excited I was that swaddlers started with larger sizes cuz I went went right back to them! There is no comparison when it comes to leak protection and I always feel that other diapers leave an odor on my son. I would recommend these to anyone :)
I have always used Huggies and this year I changed to pampers swaddlers and love them a lot..
I used pampers with my child 7 years ago and loved them then! Now using them again with my 6 month old and still love them!
My baby has a sensitive bottom and other diaper gave him a rash only pampers for my boy.
Great product to use ... keeps baby dry and free of diaper rash
I won't use any other diapers on my baby. Pampers keeps her dry and happy.
Absolutely love! Reliable and never had an issue, used since daughter was born
Pampers products are always great!! I have 2 boys and I always prefer pampers for them. Great quality and size. I would recommend it to all moms!!
We love Pamper's Swaddlers. We just had our second daughter in January and didn't even try anything else since we loved Pamper's with my first daughter and they are still great!!
these pampers sensitive are a great product. would recommend them to any new mom .
If the hospital sends you home with them then it's a great dipper! Used Huggies for one day and they'd leaked! Went back to Pampers the next day!
I have tried other diapers and always come back to Pampers. They keep my baby dry and happy throughout the night.
Loved these diapers for the softness and fit, especially when my son was wearing the newborn and size 1s!
These diapers are wonderful. I wouldn't trust anything else on my precious babies skin. They fit her bottom very close so there are no leeks or soiled clothing.
Pamper swaddlers are what I have used with 2 kids and they very rarely leak.
Pampers Swaddlers are BY FAR my diaper of choice. They are super soft and extremely absorbent. I will say, however, I'm slightly disappointed with the fit - But, this could be due possibly to how my daughter is built physically - and not neccessarily the design of the diaper itself. Thank you Pampers for making a wonderful, dependable diaper!!
I only buy Pampers Swaddlers for my baby. They fit perfect and he has never leaked out of one, not even at night.
This is the only brand I use. I like the fit and the comfort.
I was very happy with Pampers Swaddlers after I had my DD. Once they made Swaddlers for bigger bums I was super excited. Thank You Pampers.
We have tried many different diapers but nothing compares to swaddlers. The fit, absorbancy, and comfort is excellent. We are very thankful they go up to size 5!
The swaddlers are the only diaper we used when our daughter was a baby. We never had any problems with leaking. She was a petite baby and they fit her beautifully and never had any diaper rash with this product. Five stars.
I have tried other brands, but nothing compares to Pampers diapers.

We send our child to day care with Pampers diapers, but on this particular day, I had forgotten to restock the diaper bag with diapers & our day care provider had to use one of her childrens diapers (not Pampers). By the time we got home & I had pulled my child out of the car, I noticed that his pants were wet. The diaper had leaked. We haven't had this problem with Pampers. I will always remember to re-stock his bag from now on.
Pampers are the best. I've tried all other brands, and they truly fit and absorb the best of all the brands.
I have used just about every brand of diaper for my girls! I always go back to Pampers!! They hold well, they don't rip and my daughters have sensitive skin and are not bothered by the diapers! We will continue to use them!
The fit is great. They are so soft. I love the line that indicates wetness
Pampers is very absorbant and it saves on money. Will definitely stick with pamper.
Our little one is now 7 weeks and pampers swaddles have been the BEST diaper!! We only buy them now!
Pampers Swaddlers are the only diapers I will purchase. There are some things you just can't go cheap on and diapers are one of those. I have used them on my baby boy since day one and never have had leaks or skin issues. I love Pampers Swaddlers!!!
I love putting this on my son. This diaper absorbs all the wetness.
Works great only problem I have with them is him himself try's to operate them
Diapers hold up well without allowing odor to linger out.
Oh, how I love Pampers. I am a first time mommy and growing up I used a other name brand diaper. I thought I would continue to use to same for my baby, i was wrong, For me, having a little boy, the other brand of diapers linked badly. Way to go Pampers for making them "little boy proof" you rock! I also like the baby dry as well. My 6 month old sleeps at least 10 to12 hours through and baby dry diapers hold all that plus it keeps him dry :)
I love the fit of these diapers and my little one can sleep through the night and be comfortable in these.
I love the pampers swaddlers. They are soft and so I feel comfortable that they are not irritating my baby's skin. The umbilical cord cut out for the newborn diapers make changing a little less challenging. I also really like the color strip indicator when the diaper is wet. I recommend these to all my friends.
We tried out several brands of diapers and Pampers were by far the best. They keep our little boy dry and comfortable.
These have been our favorite from day one. We started out using preemies in the NICU and are now in size 2!
We worried our son would have sensitive skin as my husband has always had an issue. We came to find his skin isn't sensitive but still use these diapers because they tend to be a little less expensive than other pampers styles.
We love pampers. It's super absorbent and great diaper.
I want only the best for my baby and if your like me and feel this way definitely buy pampers. They absorb everything, theyre great quality and worth the price!
I absolutely love swaddlers diapers. they are super absorbable and keep my baby nice and dry.
Great product. Would recommend to anyone. Great absorbency.
These diapers are the best that I have found. Very absorbant and great quality. I love the color changing wetness indicator. It's great that the Swaddlers come in bigger sizes now!
Pampers swaddlers have been great, we have tried other brands and they just don't compare to the fit and the fact they don't leak.
fit is great keeps my baby dry thru out the night. swaddlers are very soft and absorbent keeps baby comfortable even in the largest situations. no leaks so far. love these diapers
Great product highly recommended. Perfect for new born and size 1. Great fit and seems to be very comfortable no fusiness from my little one.
My daughter only weighed 6 lbs when she was born and the swaddlers kept her dry, and fit very nicely.
I like the way Swaddlers are cut high on both sides of the diaper. Absorbency could be improved but the overall diaper uses high quality materials and has been designed to fit well.
Love these diapers and will use them until we are all done wth diapers!
My son has been sleeping 5-6 hours at a time at night and Pampers Swaddlers keeps up with this duration. He stays dry and diaper rash has not been a problem for us yet. I have recommended them to my family members who are expecting little ones of their own!
We currently have three girls under the age of 5. We only buy pampers since they never leak, fit great and are soft on their skin. And believe me, we have tried them all.
We have always used pampers for our first son who is now 3 years old and continue to use them for our 2nd son that is 3 months old.
I only buy Pampers Swaddlers for my 3 month old daughter. The wetness indicator line is just so helpful and i can see it through her onsie so there's no digging! I also love, love, love the netting on the inside; when she poos it draws the moisture away from her sensitive little bottom and prevents her rashes.
Swaddlers were reccommedned to me by my sibling. She talked about the fit and absobency. I have used them since my baby was born (he is now 6 months old). We did try another popular brand that rhymes with "snuggie" and they ended up leaking! We donated the rest of the box and have not looked back. I would reccommend papmers, but specfically swaddlers to any new MOM looking for a resonablily priced yet excellent diaper!
I love the yellow line that turns blue when the diaper is wet.
I have tried many others and liked these the best.
Have been very happy with pampers. The swaddlers are really soft and don't have the stronger fragrance. They are also very absorbent. We never see diaper rash here so they must be doing a good job. I will continue to buy pampers and I'm glad the swaddlers are offered in the larger sizes.
These are great for newborns! They are what got me started on Pampers and glad I found them!
I use pampers for my 10 month old twin girls. Shortly after they were born I tried other brands in order to save a few dollars. I was constantly disappointed by other brands. They would leak, or leave my girls very wet - and the fit wasn't right for them at all. We went back to Pampers and haven't stopped using them since! We love the fit, dryness and design of them.
We have tried the off brand and the "other" brand and have had no luck with them. I have given up finding any other diaper. We are a pampers family.
My 19 month old is nonstop. He's big for he age and we've never had issues with blowouts!!
Used swaddlers with my first child as was very happy with their durability and hold. When Swaddlers came out up to size 5 I was thrilled, as that is what my daughter wears now. She's 27 pounds, but I prefer the size 5 on her because it gives her extra room and holds a ton of fluid!

Already built up a swaddler diaper reserve for my son (who is 3 months old).

Very happy with Pampers.
As a new parent, I loved the wetness indicator. It made those first months less stressful.
I've tried other brands of diapers but they leak or cause rashes on my daughters sensitive skin. Pampers have always kept her dry with minimal blow outs. She has used them from day one and she's almost two now!
We are currently using this diaper for our 21 month old and love it. He doesn't have any issues with diaper rash and the diaper is soft compared to store brands. The diaper doesn't make noise or doesn't seem uncomfortable for our little guy - and I'm sure he would let us know. I wouuld definitely recommend this diaper for someone chosing between various brands.
Got this as a gift for my baby shower, I feel in love with them
These are great diapers for babies who don't walk yet. They are comfortable and keep little ones dry during naps. They chafe if a baby runs around in them to much, but the cruisers are great for that reason.
The diaper fits great and one time my daughter slept for 10 hours, the whole night, and I she did not wake up ONCE to change her diaper. The fit is pretty good and I can't complain cause I've used some that are just horrible. Great bargain for the price, I love them!!!
Papers swaddlers are the best diapers for your money! They are the most absorbent and softest. I love the wetness indicator.
I like pampers over the other name brand diapers for several reasons. The fit around the legs, the absorbency, and the feel of the diaper. Pampers are soft to the touch!
I had read plenty of reviews recommending Pampers Swaddlers so I was set on using them. I've had no leaks, no diaper rash, and have been very happy with the quality. I received another brand as a gift and they were terrible in comparison. I will be using Swaddlers at every stage!
Month 4 of my first child. Went through quite a few different kinds of diapers and the Swaddlers have been superior by far!
As a new mom, I wasn't sure which brand of diapers I would prefer. I quickly discovered that Pampers offered the best protection and keeps our little one dry and comfortable. We love the feel and softness of the Swaddlers and we were so glad to see they now go up to size 5!
What I love most about this diaper is that it has the wetness indicator. Working as a pediatric nurse, these diapers are a must! They are used in most hospitals for newborns. With many different brands and types of diapers on the market, it is important to fine the brand and type that meets your specific (or your child's specific) needs. These diapers have never left my son with red line around his legs. They rarely leak. These are my preferred diapers for my son.

The only drawback is the price. Sure, I could go with a store's particular brand, but i find that they are usually less absorbent, more uncomfortable to the baby, and the "off" brand sizes are typically "off". Example: size 3 in the Walgreen's brand is much smaller than the size 3 in the Pampers Swaddlers brand.
These diapers are the best! I have used them with both my son and now my daughter! They fit well and I have had no leaks! The color changing line is very helpful at a quick glance you can see that your baby needs to be changed! I absolutely love these and will continue to use them!!
As a new mom the wet indicator line was so helpful. I also thought the notch for the umbilical cord was very nice too. My little boy never had any diaper rash!
My son is now 4 months old. When we had his shower, we received several kinds of diapers. Of all the diapers we have used, Pampers Swaddlers has been the best. He can sleep 8-10 hours in one diaper and have no leaks. The blue line is helpful to know when he has wet or messed his diaper. They fit him very well and the velcro-like closure works like a charm. We will continue to purchase Pampers diapers in the future.
This is my fifth child and each of them grew up with swaddlers! We love them! The are soft, supper absorbent and great value. Love, love, love! I am so excited that know the come in bigger sizes too.
Initially, when my daughter was born we strictly went with swaddlers and they were wonderful. I loved them. I still use Pampers, religiously, but we have switched to BabyDry and I love them too. I don't think that you could go wrong with Pampers in general.

Plus I love the gifts to grow points!!
We couldn't ask for a better diaper. Our baby stays dry even when he has slept through the night. We tried another brand early on (someone bought them for us by mistake) and knew immediately that Pampers would be our only choice. There was no comparison.
I have a 4 month old. We have had her in the Pampers swaddlers since day 1. We tried Huggies for a little, but I hated it. They fit weird and even the smallest bm would pretty much cause the diaper to leak. Pampers has worked great for us. The swaddlers feel stturdy, hold together well, and, most important, my baby girl is comfortable in them.
Since the day my twin preemies were born our hospital chose pampers swaddlers to keep our babies dry & comfortable. I'm glad that my gitls were using a soft product for their delicate skin. These diapers have always been strong enough for my wiggly babies who don't like to sit still and keep them protected from leaks over night with their triple absorbency layers. All in all, the only diapers I recommend to new mamas and papas, especially if they have a preemie baby.
I recently bought a couple of other brands of diapers in attempts to save $. No other brand compares. My family and I were disappointed in each brand due to lack of absorbency, fit, and leaks. They also felt rough in comparison. We plan to buy only Pampers Swaddlers from now on.
I have used other brands of diapers but pampers swaddlers didn't let me down like some is the other brands
i have 2 children and i'm using pampers diapers for both of them ...i tried many kinds cheaper but i didn't like any because pampers is the best.... it's better quality, softer, you can feel the difference...i like the smell of it too , it absorbs more than other kinds and it manages the wet more i think because of its design...
the best any other would not resist the whole night
I leaned toward Swaddlers from the beginning, but tried a few different diapers (mostly because they were shower gifts). I always came back to Swaddlers and my son is currently in size 2, pretty soon size 3. They're a little more expensive than some other diapers, but worth it!
I love pampers they are the best! Better than any others.
you know these diapers are the best as they are given to you in the hospital
Pampers swaddlers diapers are the best diapers for your baby. They never leak and the wetness indicator line is super helpful to know when my baby is wet.
We have trusted Pampers products in our family for generations.
I really enjoy using pampers. There is no other like it. It keeps my baby dry and comfortable and the pampers are so soft.
Pampers swaddlers are a good fit and they absorb well
I've been using these diapers for the better part of the last 6 months. I went through a trial period, where I wanted to see what would work best, and I can't find one that even come close to these!
We used Swaddlers for our first child and we loved them so much that I decided we would use them for our 2nd. They are by far the most absorbent and we have rarely had any problems with blow-outs! Our children have never had any diaper rash problems while using Swaddlers. I am excited that they are now available up to size 5 so we plan to use them until we are ready to potty train! Thanks Pampers for making such a great product.
We used every diaper you can think of not one fits my daughter as good as pampers !! We love them !!!
I was given these diapers at first in the hospital and when I got home my son still didn't fit into his cloth diapers so I had to go and buy some. I tried two different "value" brands and not only did I not like the fit but he also leaked out of them all over. I immediately went back to the swaddlers which have kept him dry and the fit is great!
These are the best and there is NO compromise with the quality. I liked the absorbing capacity of the diapers. No rashes to baby's skin.
I use Pampers Swaddlers for my little guy, that's the brand they used while we were in the hospital after I had him and I did try Huggies but he would always soak through! So I came back to Swaddlers and I'm not going back!
I've used Pampers Saddlers with my first two children who are now 8 1/2 and 7. My newborn is 2 weeks old and I'm still a fan of this brand. This is definitely my diaper of choice!!!
pampers swaddlers are my favorite for newborns and small babies. they fit the best and my husband liked the color changing stripe so he didn't have to "guess" when it's was time to change the diaper. :)
I've been using the Baby Dry brand since my daughter was born. The nurses reccommended this brand and my daughter is now 14 months old and I still use them. I tried other diaper brands and they don't absorb as much as the baby dry brand. I didn't have any issues with diaper blow outs and it has a perfect fit.
After my daughter was born I used many different brands of diapers and have found I like the Pampers Swaddlers the best. They keep my baby dry all night, hold all sorts of explosive poops inside and are soft on the baby's skin. I think because the moisture is kept from my daughters skin she has yet to have a diaper rash by 6 months old!
Pampers Swaddlers has been the only diaper we trust to use on our baby girl; they fit perfect, keep her dry and keep even the messiest explosions contained!
I have always trusted Pampers. I have used them for all 4 of my babies.
I like these diapers better than any other diaper on the market and better than all of Pampers competitors. What I really like is the way they fit my newborn, and the line in front that indicates when the diaper is wet, this is the best!
I absoultely love Pampers Swaddlers I must say they are the best ones for my daughter.
I think these are the best, you get the most for your money and you can never go wrong with pampers!
Best diapers ever. I've tried 2 other brands and honestly I didn't even finish the pack. The absorbency is great.
This diapers is really great because it help you to know when your baby is wet...
Being a mom is hard enough, but knowing that you have chosen a diaper for your child that is the best diaper around is key. I had the pleasure of being a mom now twice and both times i have chosen pampers swaddlers. The fit is what I like the most. Superior leakage protection on long car rides is the best. Definately a diaper that i recommend to all my friends who are now starting the mommy chapter of their lives.
Great diapers for babies especially newborns! With the swaddler portion of the diaper it makes it easier to care for the umbilical cord.
My newborn stays comfortable in her pampers swaddlers. I love the color indicator.
Great product. Easy absorbs and keep dryness for the baby
its pretty good, holds in wetness better than any store brand and love the wetness indicator.
Pampers diapers have been great since our little one was a newborn (Swaddlers) to the Cruisers stage...we plan to continue to use them because after trying other brands that would actually fall apart (yes, the sticky tabs would fall off with Huggies!) and look uncomfortable for baby, we stuck with Pampers for the quality and fit. All around...great brand & we love that she can "p**p for points" (as my husband and I joke) with the Pampers Rewards.
Palmers works well for my son it holds him at night
Pampers swaddlers are great diapers especially for babies. I love the dryness and the color changing line to let you know when your baby wet it. The diapers are very soft like a blanket and let's air in so the baby does get really hot.
I have used other name brand diapers and, I have never had an issue with Pampers Swaddlers. The quality, fit, and absorbancy has always been very good. The other brands that I have used have leaked, which I have never had an issue with Swaddlers. Also, the prices between the name brands are the same so, I don't have to pay more for all of the benefits with Swaddlers.
i just love how they feel on my baby!!!shes never irratated when she wakes in the am after sleeping through the night and boy that diaper i think is like totally full and she is not wet!!!LOVE LOVE LOVE them
When I had my 1st child 4 1/2 years ago, I bought a pack of every brand of diapers- We narrowed it down to 2 brand, Pampers and 1 other. Needless to say, the other started leaking and gave my daughter a bad diaper rash!
When I had my son almost a year ago, there was no choice. His little tush has only been in Pampers!!
Love them!!!!
I love how swaddlers fits my little girl. I have used them with all three of my kids, and was always sad when they out grew the swaddlers sizes! They fit great and hold liquid awesome!
I loved the swaddlers because they were the softest on my son's skin. They also absorbed more than any other product I have ever used. I just wish they came in bigger sizes.
These were great for my daughter who was very sensitive to other diapers. Very good quality and a fair price.
Great product that I would recommend to all mew mothers
Love the Pampers Swaddlers because of the wetness indicator. Helps moms know when and how wet their baby is. This way you don't waste a diaper by changing a dry diaper.
We use nothing but pampers it is the only brand for us
Awesome diaper and fit. Sensitive to a newborn sensitive skin. The wet line is super beneficial in the early months of birth to tell if the baby went to the bathroom.
THANKS FOR KEEPING MY BABY DRY. KEEP UP THE GREAT WORK
Pampers swaddlers diapers are soft, fit great & are pretty absorbent; overall a great product!
I really like these diapers. They are very soft & absorb really well. I would definitely recommend these to anyone looking to keep you & your baby happy. :)
Pampers Swaddlers are great at absorbing the wetness from the diaper and protecting my baby's bottom. I would recommend and have recommended these diapers to all my friends.
I really like the wetness indicator. Also they pull the moisture away from him and he likes that as well. I haven't had nearly as many blow outs with these as some other brands ( When I do have "blowout" it is usually because I am trying to use up the last of the diapers and he is already in the next size). These allow him to sleep longer at night without waking up because of wetness. Happy baby and happy momma!
I really love the Pampers Swaddlers for my son. No other diaper I have tried fits him as well as these. No leaks and no rashes either!
I used Pampers Swaddlers until my baby started crawling and especially walking.
My favorite part was the wetness indicator.
This seemed like the only diaper my baby's skin could tolerate (the sensitive kind).
We stopped using Pampers Swaddlers because I didn't feel they moved along with my little mover--so I switched to Cruisers. Seemed that blowouts were contained better with Cruisers for a baby that definitely cruised.
I love Pampers Swaddlers the best. They hold up during night time.
I Highly recommend this product as I used it on both my children
I love swaddlers, they are super absorbent and never leak. At night my daughter will sleep for long stretches and when she wakes up she is dry.
I love swadders they work the best. They are the closest to cloth diapers without all the extra work!
These diapers are the only diapers we use for my six month old. Love them!
I was unsure abut pampers until we tried them on out lo. They are great! They keep her drier longer then other brands.
The pampers swaddlers diapers are the best product for my baby. It has always been helpful since the first time we used them. It was a great fit when the umbilical cord was still there and they are still a great fit now. She is in size 3. I can always count on the color changing wetness indicator. It's an overall great diaper
After 2 babies and no leaks, there's no way I'll use any other brand.
i love how the swaddlers have the netting it helps a lot and the absorbing is amazing you don't have to use many wipes because the swaddles gets most of the mess.
Love love swaddlers! So soft and great fit. Love the wet line!
I love these diapers because they keep my daughter feeling dry and leak free. I tried another leading brand when they were on sale but not only did they not feel as nice, they were leaky!
We were gifted Pampers swaddlers from friends as part of our baby shower gifts, we have been nothing but impressed!
My two children take this swaddlers pampers when they are small.i like it
Pampers swaddlers are super soft and absorb the most your little one can put out. I love these swaddlers the most because of the wetness indicator and the softness of the diaper. It makes it so easy to check his diaper for wetness without waking him.
I really love Pampers Swaddlers. As a new mom, I tried out many different brands and types of diapers. I found that, by far, the Swaddlers fit my little one the best, without leaks or blowouts! They are more absorbent than the competitors, where with other brands I could feel some wetness coming through the diaper and not on these. I would highly recommend any mommy-to-be try Pampers Swaddlers...save yourself the headache.
These are the only diapers i buy! They really do hold ALOT of
#1 or #2 whichever is worse. I've bought these since my son was born and he still uses them now, he's 18 months.
Although the fit can sometimes be a little off, if he's moving around a lot, they seem to move even though i put them pretty tight.
I would recommend this product and i have to everyone i know.
I am a first time mom and had no idea which diaper brand to use, so I tried out different brands and found that the pampers were more absorbent. They keep my little one dry throughout the night! I would so recommend these to others.
Swaddlers are my "go to" Diaper for Newborns! They fit in all the right places, and I appreciate the handy wetness indicator.
Love that they tell you when the diaper is wet. Definitely helps my husband, who can't do the squeeze to see if the diaper is wet test.
I really love these diapers, but they are more costly.
I love swaddlers, my newborn is big & she fits size 1 perfectly.
Love them! Used them with both my son and daughter! No leaking!
We only use Pampers swaddlers diapers and have recently used the baby dry diapers at night. My daughter has never has a diaper rash and she is almost 2. We have used other competitor diapers and we're not happy with them as they leaked or the quality just wasn't as good as the swaddlers. We will never use any other diaper!
I love these diapers!!! I dont have blow outs hardly
These are the only diapers that prevented any leaking. They are the best!
I have always used pampers from day one. Always were the best fitting diaper for my son. Excellent absorbency, my son never leaked through. They fit my son the best, very rugged and soft diaper. Great buy, we always bought pamper swaddlers when he was little. Now he's two and a half, so we buy pampers easy ups. Love them, so much better then huggies hands down. We even love the pampers swimmers.
Wish it was a little less expensive and newborn diapers should be a little bigger
I love the swaddlers collection. I love that it has the wet sensor on it, makes it nice and easy for my husband to figure out.
I love these diapers they are great fit and the only ones I use for my son. other diapers I have used he pees right out of them when he sleeps but with these its not a problem.
I have used pampers products since day one of my daughters life and will continue to use them for my second child. I have tried others with less satisfactory results. The price is a little higher but the quality shows and I love the softness and durability. The pampers baby dry diapers work great for over night with few leaks and messes also the pampers baby wipes double for many other uses makeup removal, car interior cleaning, dusting etc. I am a satisfied customer and will continue to purchase pampers products
Pampers wipes are the best they are softer then any other wipes and a great value
love swaddlers. great fit and always the softest. never had a leak using pampers swaddlers.
they are great on quality and keep the baby dry.
i like them better than other brands.
My sister used pamper swaddlers with her daughter and she told me too use them with my daughter. I love them. They are so soft and my daughter loves them. I will continue to use pamper swaddlers as my daughter grows.
We had been given many different diapers at my baby shower. After trying non pampers brand diapers and having what we call " more than full diapers" explode all over you. I'm very happy to say that Pampers is the only diaper that has held the " full diapers" contained inside !
I used swaddlers with my son and have already bought additional boxes for my daughter. A great product!
I have loved these diapers over the years! I have tried other brands and they always end up leaking. Every time I switch to a different brand, I always come back to Pampers.
I have tried every brand of diapers on the market and pampers is by far the best. Huggies are too bulky and doesn't absorb as well. I have 1 year old twin girls and I need diapers that will keep them dry and clean. They are a bit expensive but cheaper brands just don't get the job done.
These were the perfect for my baby. We used these right from the start in the hospital and are still using 7 months later!
Super great product. They leave no marks and are super absorbent and soft.
We've tried other brands with our daughter and discovered quickly why was liked Pampers best. Their quality could not match that of Pampers Swaddlers. In addition to cost, the comfort of knowing that she won't break out with a rash, have leaky diapers, or wake up too early because of the wetness are all factors we've been able to enjoy with Pampers. I would highly recommend Pamper's to any expecting mom.
These diapers are the better ones of the bunch. They are comfortable & fir well as well as move along with my child. They absorb alot better then the other brands.
Swaddlers are fantastic, I love the wetness indicator. Great for overnight also.
I tried cheaper diapers but they did not hold up like pampers. No leaks, no wetness, perfect fit!
They fit snug, and keep your baby dry. They don't leak.
I've been a mom now for almost 3 years. I have two little girls and would never use anything other than Swaddlers. When I was pregnant with my first, another mom recommended another brand of diapers so I stocked up on them. They did not fit well and I was constantly changing the baby's clothes because of all the blow outs. The hospitals used Swaddlers and I had taken some home and started using them. No more blow outs!!!! I've been a customer ever since then and will never buy another brand!
Good quality absorbant diaper with good fit for baby. Doesn't pinch his legs or leak out side.
I was so excited when swaddlers came out in sizes 3 and up. I love them! I did not know what I was going to use when my baby outgrew the size 2. He always stays dry and never the strong smell, like other diapers!! I but these diaper for all my friends having a baby.
always a consistent snug fit, i never have problems with leakage.
I prefer pampers better then any other pampers out there
We have used pampers swaddles for our daughter since she was born. We have had very few leaks and mishaps since then, and she is almost a year now. She never leaks at night and even though these diapers cost a little more, we have found them to be well worth it.
These are very soft and we've been happy with their quality. They aren't crunchy at all. I'm also happy to hear that they are now in larger sizes.
Greta product, we all love it especially the baby! Thank you!
By far my favorite diapers - love the soft quilted fabric and the quality is great. So glad they now come in bigger sizes!
We have been very have with how absorbent these diapers are! The color changing wet indicator makes it quick to check for a wet one.
These diapers are perfect for my three month old. They fit great and keep him dry.
These were the only diapers I'd use on him. I missed them once he outgrew them.
pampers are really awsome product im a first time mom and i didnt know wht to use intell i started using pampers and ive been useing then sence my baby boy was a newborn and now hes 5monthes and they work wonders i defitntly like the little line tht lets u know they are wet!
I have really like using this product for my baby that I had in December. I like how the strip turns blue when it is ready to be changed. and I like how the they are soft for the baby's skin.
I used Pampers Swaddlers with my son ten years ago and I must say I am thrilled they are still as good, if not better now than they were ten years ago! Definitely the best diapers out there!
We have tried all the other brands of diapers and keep returning to pampers because they fit baby so well and never leak! We had a diaper party before baby was born and received many different brands in size 1. Baby is very close to growing out of size 1 and we are making sure we use all of the pampers brand first before the others. We will only purchase pampers in the future, the quality of these diapers is very evident in the softness, absorbency and fit!
This is the only diaper that keeps my baby dry overnight. I have tried several other brands.
Tried 4 types of diapers in 3 months and now I'm a pampers snob. I will not use anything else for my little one besides swaddlers. This is the only diaper that actually pulls the waste from baby's bottom. Might be a little pricey but you spend the same in extra wipes and laundry from blowouts from other brands. Choose pampers!!
I love the softness that pampers swaddlers has, I never have to worry if the diaper is to ruff on my baby! Also you dont have to worry about the diaper leaking, The pull away liner in swaddlers is great, because it helps keep my babys bottom dry even when the diaper is full.
Pampers are my diaper of choice for my little boy. We've tried other brands but pampers has been the best...hands down. I will continue to only use pampers
Great quality product! Both diapers and wipes are wonderful!
We tried all different brands with our newborn and really liked the Pampers. Then in size ones we used another brand we got as a gift and we didn't even finish the bag. The other brand leaked out and he always had wet clothes. Pampers not only keeps him dry but his clothes too! We won't be using any other brand. :)
Awesome! I love them they are great....hold great!
I have bought pampers for my little girl ever since she was born. I have tried others brands, both name brand and store brands, but they have not held up to the standards of Pampers. I am due in June with a little boy and plan to continue using Pampers for him as well. We started out with the Swaddlers and have now moved on to the cruisers...soon to be moving up to pull-ups for my almost 2 year old little girl and starting over again with swaddlers for the little boy.
I love how soft and absorbent Pampers Swaddlers are. They have a great fit with no leaks unlike other brands I've tried. Im so glad they extended the sizing to 5 so my daughter can wear them longer. At a yearold she's in size 4 so Im hoping size 5 will take her up until potty training otherwise we'll be buying our second favorite, Pampers Cruisers.
I used swaddlers for my daughter as long as I could! We never had any issues and would gladly continue to use them.
Loved using swaddlers on my son. Terribly sad when he outgrew them. The fit was great and my daughters loved the "green line" so they could tell me it was time to change the baby. When they introduced them in size five I promptly bought them to use for him again!
Loved these diapers when my baby was a newborn. The strip that indicates wet or not is great.
Best diaper around I have found! My husband and I had tried several different brands of diapers from pampers to huggies and found that we loved the pampers swaddlers the best. Overall, the diapers keep my daughters skin dry and absorb a lot of wetness. The diaper does not bulge when it absorbs a lot of urine. They have a blue line that let's you know when your child is wet. That's a plus! The diapers don't irritate my childrens skin. The fit is great and doesn't make red marks or irritation around the waste band. I have never had any issue with the tabs coming off and not sticking to the diaper and keeping the diaper covering my children. The diapers have great odor control. Overall I absolutely love these diapers and would recommend them to anyone who has children.
We have tried other diapers but always come back to Pampers. Helps guard against leaks and keeps our kids dry and happy.
Pamper's diapers are the best on the market. Your infant or toddler should use no other brand. They have a variety of diapers to fit your child's needs and are leak proof. We absolutely love the swaddlers because they fit our child comfortably and have the wetness indicator. Who doesn't love that?! Pampers are the best, and we will never use another brand!
I absolutely love Pampers diapers. They are so comfortable on my son who is now 21 lbs at the age of six months. It also absorbs very well. I most definitely like the Swaddlers. They are my favorite.
Hands down the best diapers! My son goes A LOT! I tried Huggies and had major wetness and leaks. I will only use Pampers for him. They fit better and stay drier especially overnight!
We've been using Pampers Swaddler on our daughter since she was born last November, from size New Born to size 3 right now. Very satisfied with the product. It's soft, comfortable, absorbent and protective. Highly recommend!
I used pampers with my son and now my daughter. They are the only diapers I will use. I tried a different brand once and it broke the babies skins out. I always tell parents to get pampers diapers and wipes.
This is a good pamper, especially being that it has an umbilical cord notch and wetness indicator. This is the ideal pamper for first time parents who may not be sure how to tell if baby is wet. The only issue is that the wet indicator does not go all the way to the back of the pamper so if the baby is laying on his or her back, it may not show as wet.
My baby never cried or complained because of a wet diaper. these are great
These pampers last all throughout the night with no leaks, which is great! It is very good on keeping baby dry. It fits good as well, it does not leave any deep red marks.
Pampers Swaddlers are definitely the best diapers out there. They fit the best and NEVER leak and the color changing wetness indicator is a nice bonus.
Pampers are a MUST for newborn diapers. Other diapers do not cut it! Our boy/girl twins used Pampers newborn diapers because the other ones would leak and we would have to change clothes frequently. With Pampers, we were able to reduce the amount of laundry we were doing because of soiled clothes.
Havig twin boys, its a challenge to keep them dry. Using the pampers since they were born,....and never a diaper rash!
I love the swaddlers. My baby never wines when he has a dirty diaper so it's hard for me to tell when he's peed or pooed but these diapers make it so easy. It's a relief.
I have tried many diapers since I have became a new mother and pampers swaddlers are most definitely the best quality, the most comfortable & my baby has never leaked through them. I am very very satisfied with the swaddlers and will continue to use them until my baby boy is no longer wearing diapers! :-)
swaddlers are the best for baby boys. we never have blowouts. I am very pleased and recommend them to everyone.
I would definitely recommend the baby dry diapers to others. It is really absorbent, and helps keep baby dry through a full nights sleep.
I have tried so many other brands of diapers these are by far the best.....when I tried other brands on my daughter you could smell her urine right through the diapers and they would leak alot.....pampers are the only diapers I buy....
Awesome! Love these...have recommended them to others
Pampers Swaddlers are a excellent choice of diaper. They have not let me down. My daughter is dry all night long. Never any leaks. No skin irritations. This is the only diaper I choose to have on my baby.
Pampers swadlers are great I love that I can just peak at the out side of the diaper and know my daughter is wet. Also the softness feels just like a blanket. I wouldn't buy any other type of diapers!
Excellent value for your $! The fit is great! The absorbency is even better!
pampers Swaddler Diapers Are The Softest Diapers We Have Used And Fit The Most Snug To Our Baby's Body. They Are Worth The Extra Cost.
Swaddled fit so well on my little guy and unlike other brands, I don't have to worry about leaks!
I used Pampers for both of my boys and love them! I love that the Swaddlers are now available in sizes 4 and 5!
I first started using Pampers Swaddlers when my daughter was in the hospital. They worked great then so when I came home from the hospital I continued to use them. They fit good, are very absorbent and affordable. I have no plans on changing her into any other kind of diapers.
Excellent product! Would recommend to anyone looking for a great fit, absorbency, and value!
Swaddlers are by far the best diaper I have found. They work great especially throughout the night.
I love the blue line indicators. Pampers diapers are the best
I absolutely love Pampers, they're the only ones that do not give my baby a rash. These have an amazing wetness indicator which really comes in handy so you don't have to completely undress them if they are not wet.I loved being able to just peek inside. Would definitely recommend.
We have tried 5 kinds of diapers over the last 5 weeks and pampers have own hands down! They are super absorbent and have the best fit. Definitely sticking with them for the long haul.
We were given diapers as gifts, using the top 3 brands since baby's birth...Swaddlers out weighs them all! They hold all night so I don't have to wake baby to change her. I recommend Swaddlers to anyone with a baby!
I have been using pampers swaddlers since my baby left the hospital. They are super absorbent, my baby has always kept dry. The wetness indicator is awesome.
I've used swaddlers on both our boys and they have worked very well. I tried other brands and they certainly did not compare!
We love pampers swaddlers and are so excited they are now offered up to a size 5. We have tried huggies, store brand etc on our daughter and nothing compares to how well pampers fit and absorb!
I've used these diapers since my daughter was born back in october of 2012. Theyre the only diapers that dont leak when shes sleeping through the night and the only diapers that keep her feeling dry until we can get her diaper changed on long car rides. I love these diapers and plan to use them with our next baby due in june 2014!
I love these diapers, especially for little ones moving about crawling or walking. The shape of them fits babies on the go incredibly.
I love Pampers baby dry diapers. I discovered early on that the other diaper brands were not as reliable during the night. My little one slept through the night very early and the other diapers were not absorbent enough and would leak all over her and the crib. Baby dry diapers are excellent and last all night.
My twins were premature and were in the hospital for 2 months, that's when they began wearing swaddlers. The fit, even on their tiny little bodies, had always been snug. Once they came home, I tried a few different brands but find swaddlers to be my favorite.
We were given multiple brands of diapers at a diaper party and my baby shower, the only diapers that have consistently performed are the Pampers! We are a Pampers family for sure!
The Swaddlers are great! I love the color indicator so its easy to tell when they need to be changed, especially for those 2am feedings and changes. They are soft but very strong.
I have used pampers for all 3 of my boys and love them. We have tried other brands but they don't compare to pampers. They fit and are comfortable for babies with chubby thighs and they stretch and move with them when they move. My boys have very sensitive skin and they have never had an allergic reaction to pampers.
Pampers has always been the best choice for our family. We have no leak issues or fit issues like with other brands and their new swaddlers in larger sizes feel great and make me reminisce about when my children were first born and how small and cuddly they were!
I would highly recommend Pampers swaddlers diapers from birth to the crawling stage. Very soft against baby's skin and keeps them dry when sleeping long periods of time.
These diapers are great for any little one. They keep them dry for 12 hours at night and are very soft. My little one never fusses about a wet diaper when he is wearing these. They are also wonderful when my little one is sick. I can make sure he is getting enough fluid by the amount of wet diapers he is having.These have that wonderful yellow strip that turns blue when wet. I just love them and he does too!
The swaddlers diapers worked really well for my son who was in the nicu for 2 months. They were small enough for a 3 pounder and he was able to grow into them. We used them through size one and into two. However my son hated the wetness feeling so we changed them often. But being new parents it was nice to have the indicator to get us to know what the feel of a wet diaper was like and that the indicator went all the way to the back for poops as well.
Love these perfect fit for both of my boys. Never have accidents through the leg holes like other brands.
Amazing Product! Very absorbent and the fit is great.
Best diapers ever! Only diaper my breastfeed baby does not have blow outs in!
They fit my son perfect. They keep him dry. I would definitely tell others to buy pampers also because of the great quality.
Hands down the best diaper brand out market for us.
Pampers Swaddlers are definitely the only diaper I used, will use again soon and I recommend to my friends. These diapers are so soft and comfortable for new born babies. They are still very absorbent and the wet color indicator worked great for our family.
I've been using swaddlers on my 5 month old since he was born. The last time I went to Kmart, they were out of swaddlers in his size so I ended up getting the baby dry. I will definitely be going back to the swaddlers. I've had more leaks with the baby dry. Also, I had to move up in size in the swaddlers a little sooner than the lbs. recommendation suggested but that's no big deal since I love them so much!
Our family loves the wetness indicator, am absolute must especially for first time parents. It's truly worth it just for that!
I love Swaddlers. They are so soft and the new green line that shows up when babies are wet is fantastic. Highly recommended.
As a nanny and now in home daycare provider I have lots of experience with different diapers and with 2 kids of my own I would definately reccomend pampers products. I feel I get a excellent quality diaper that keeps my kiddos dry through naps and night time with no leaks. Hands down I purchase every time.
The dryness of the diapers helps my baby to sleep for longer periods of time during the night. Sleeping baby = Sleeping mommy :)
I wasn't planning on using these for my daughter until I got some from the hospital where I delivered. I wouldn't want to buy anything else now
Pampers are by far my favorite diapers. They are the only ones that absorb well enough not to leak at might. My son sleeps on his stomach and all other brands got too full and he would wake up with a wet belly. Swaddlers are my favorite of the pampers line because they have the wetness indicator stripe. This is such a simple feature but its very useful, and since they aren't any more expensive, there's no reasonnot to take advantage of it.
I love the Pampers diapers they fit my son so well he can move around and I have never had a leak problem with them. I love how gentle pamper products are on his skin!
The pampers swaddlers are my favorite. They are the most absorbent and fit great :) And my boyfrriend likes the line changes colors when they need to be changed.
I would highly recommend pampers swaddlers to anyone. Having my first child and being so unsure of what's out there, pampers to the rescue. No worrying about leaking through at night, guaranteed at least 12 hours and the fit is the best there is! Don't waste your money on anyother diaper!!!
I love pampers swaddlers during the day!! But at night my daughter stays dry for longer then 12 hrs with the Baby Drys!!! In our house they are our miracle diapers she has been sleeping straight through the nights with baby drys since she was 2 months old!!!
I refuse to use anything other than Pampers sensitive on my LO's behind! Pampers are simply THE BEST!
Loves that pampers do not leak & are very absorbant. We travel quite a distance once a week & she is always dry when we reach our destination. She's very active too and her business always stays in her diaper, so, no extra messes for mommy.
I love pampers swaddlers! The only kind of diaper I would put on my newborn!
I love the feel of softness and comfortable fit for baby.
We have been using Pampers diapers and wipes since the hospital and used a couple other brands as we were given them, but none compared to the Pampers. We love them. Thank you.
Love swaddlers. I've used them for two kids will use them for future kids. They work great overnight too!
We have tried other brands and have stuck only with Pampers. Pampers keep our daughter dry even throughout the night.
I started using swaddles from day 1. They fit well, providing leak proof protection and absorbency was great too. I tried all different brands, in the end, I always came back to Pampers.
I like it very much. i m using again for my 2nd kid.
Since my daughter was born I have been using the swaddler! And I absolutely love it. I am not sure if it's because she doesn't walk yet but I tried the cruisers and it wasn't the same and didn't seem as comfortable!
Not only do I love the strip that tirns blue, I love everything about this diaper! The dryness, how it fits, everything. This is overall the best diaper and best pamper product ever!
Pampers are soft and comfortable. I would want them to be comfortable if I had to always wear diapers and they feel awesome and my son seems to enjoy them. They absorbs really well too!
I love pampers diapers they have not let me down and keep my daughter nice and dry throughout the night!
These diapers can last overnight thru multiple feedings and not leak!
I love these diapers as they fit well and are super soft! My baby is 4 months old and hasn't had any diaper rash or. Issues using them.
I usually buy a less expensive brand, because I have two toddlers. However, my daughter has a very sensitive diaper area. At first I only used Pampers at night for the absorbency, then I noticed the fragrance in the other diapers irritated her skin. She wears Pampers all the time. We've moved up to Pampers Baby Dry.
I've tried different brands, and definitely have found Pampers Swaddlers the best option for my little one. Not only are they a great fit, but they keep my baby's skin flawless! I loved them once, and will always do. Thank you!
I bought a bunch of Pampers and have been using them since my son was born. I received a package of Huggies and thought I would give them a try. There is no comparison to Pampers. I have only had his Pampers leak a few times (when he had a really big load) but Huggies leaked with every diaper. I stopped using the Huggies and gave them away and am now back to happily using my Pampers. :)
My little one was really tiny when she was born. Pampers Swaddlers were the only diapers small enough to fit her. They were such a great fit...we never had any issues with them.
Pampers products are great as a family on a limited budget we have tried other brands and my son actually wet through the diapers. Pampers are the best we have tried for the value.
I have used Pampers for all three of my kids. Out of all the diapers to choose from, Pampers are the only ones that keep wetness away and keep my baby's sensitive skin from getting diaper rashes. Other diapers I have used have a strong urine smell once my baby has used it, but not Pampers. I love the Pampers Swaddlers and the way I can tell when it is time to change my baby. The yellow indicator will turn blue when it is changing time. It takes the guess work out of the most important time for protecting baby's skin.
No complaints on anything...We love pampers for no rashes, no leaks, and great fit:)
Swaddlers diapers are the best diaper for little ones, keep them dry for long periods of time. The indicator on the front of diaper makes it so simple to see when diaper is wet and needs changing !
We absolutely love these diapers. They are so soft and comfortable. Our baby sleeps for 11 hours at night and wakes up dry almost every morning.
Everything about this diaper is great. The line indicator is an excellent feature. Great product for the value given at a great price. Money well worth spending.
I love swaddlers they are excellent they fit well no messes
We were very happy with swaddlers! We were disappointed when it was time for us to move up in size! Now, they have them up to size 5 which is great!
I used Pampers Swaddlers on my son and they won us over, so I bought nothing except Swaddlers for my newborn daughter. They have continued to meet my expectations. They are ultra soft, absorbent, and have a very good fit, which ensures dryness and that messes are kept contained. I couldn't be happier with Pampers Swaddlers! I would highly recommend them to any parent for the quality. Although they are more expensive than other brands, in my opinion, you get what you pay for.
While other diapers break out my kids, these diapers do not. We have not had any leaks and I know they can move around in them easily. Thanks Pampers for being the brand I can trust.
These fit great and absorb everything! Also very soft.
I love them, I tried Huggies when my baby was born and he would get all wet, when I switched to pampers I was relieved because I could sleep without worrying that he would get all his clothes wet.
good product,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
This brand of diapers is great. I have been using for 5 years now and will not use any other brand.
These are the only diaper I would use on my son when he was born...and for the first 9-10 months of his life. They were super soft and absorbent. My son never had a diaper rash and I credit this to pampers swaddlers sensitive diapers and pampers sensitive wipes.
I've tried almost every brand of diapers and Pampers is the only brand that I choose to use.
Thank you pampers swaddlers, you are the only diaper that fits my son and no leaking.
Pampers are a great fit and leak proof. At first I didn't care for them because they seemed to stick to his bottom but I tried again when he was bigger and found that they work the best!
loved these when my girls were newborns. would recommend to others.
We loved using the newborn swaddlers with both of our children. The umbilical cord notch made me less a paranoid that their sensitive stomach would be hurting and the yellow to blue wetness indicator let even my husband know that it was time to change the baby! No, they are not the cheapest diaper out there but often we've found you get what you pay for!
The swaddlers have been great to use from newborn through size 2-3. They had the best fit and absorbency compared to cheaper brands thatwe have used. I like that there is a yellow line on the outside that turns blue when the diaper is wet. I also like how the diaper doesn't get incredibly huge when its full. Dislikes are that the tabs on the newborn diapers are folded and then whlen put in place they still keep some of tbe sharp edge from the fold which scratches my child's leg.
I use pampers swaddlers and one of the most convenient features is the wetness indicator. My daughter frequently goes to the bathroom and this helped me so far avoid a diaper rash.
Overnight use I am not as impressed me because she is soaked through and the diaper is extremely heavy and her skin is wet. I don't know if pampers can remedy that or not. But its overall a good product.
I love pampers, but sadly their are expensive for what you get. I have found other diapers have the same absorbency for cheaper.
Good diapers but a little on the pricy side. Fits well and good quality.
I love using Pampers! I don't have any problems with the fit or leaking, if they do leak, I know it is time to go up a size and then no more problems! The price is a little more than I like to spend so I don't buy it as often as I like but I know it is worthwhile when I do spend the extra money.
Great product. Love how he can wear it all night with no leaks, unlike other brands .
I used pampers 13 years ago on my older son & they were my first choice when I had this little guy. I am still happy with them after all this time AWAY from diapers!
My son is 16 months old, and a full walker. We use the cruisers during the day for mobility, but the Swaddler is the nighttime diaper of choice! (He was in Swaddlers full time until he started walking.) We like its absorbency and extra thickness. While we do not have blow outs during the day with the cruisers, we know he is in the swaddler for a longer period of time (10 hours, sleeps through the night). He wakes up with a full diaper, but his skin is dry. We have never had a diaper rash issue with the Pampers line, even going through the night with a single diaper. WE highly recommend swaddlers.
My son has sensitive skin. These are the only diapers we use for him. They are gentle on his skin and fit him well. We are happy they will grow with him through size 5. Thank you, Pampers Swaddlers!
When I had a baby shower, my husband's family threw a diaper party for us. We were given over 3,500 diapers. The majority of these were Pampers, raging in all sizes. I had used a ton of Newborns, Size 1 and Size 2. I finally needed size 3 diapers. We were given a box of 370 size 3 Huggies. My daughter constantly smelled like urine, it was gross! They did not fit very well, they were not absorbent, the quality was awful, and my daughter was always wet! I was so disappointed because it took forever to get through that many diapers! I was so excited when I could use my Pampers again! We only use Pampers Swaddlers and Pampers sensitive wipes. I could never imagine putting my daughter in anything else! She is always dry and there is never an odor! I LOVE the blue strip that tells us when it is time to be changed!
Great quality, comfort and fit. These diapers are pricey but would not hesitate to purchase again.
The hospital that we gave birth to our daughter used swaddlers. We tried 3 other brands, trying to save money, but always came back to swaddlers. This diaper will hold a large amount of fluid, and it fits so well that even the messiest situations stay within the diaper. Highly recommend, especially if you don't want to do extra laundry due to a diaper not containing a mess.
Pampers set the standard for great diapers. You can always depend on them
Sung and fit everywhere they are supposed to fit :)
Pampers swaddlers are great. My daughter stays dry in them and they hold great. I love the design and fit of them as well. Definitely sticking to pampers!
These are the only diapers my son doesn't leak out of!
Purchase & test out product for yourself. Pamper is the best diaper protection for you baby
I love the pampers . I have tried other diapers and these are by far the best . I love the mesh lining, when the baby poo poos it doesn't stick to the baby's bum bum . It's great .
I love pampers. I always recommend them to my friends and family. I love that it tells you when the diaper needs to be changed and they always fit my son perfect.
As a new momma, you just go with what the hospital gives you. I'm happy to see that the Swaddlers given by hospitals don't stop at newborn!
I have used your products since day 1 with my son. He was born 3 months premature and even in the nicu, he used tiny little pampers. We love swaddlers and now at 18 months(he is till a small 21 lbs), we are getting into using cruisers during the day. I have trusted your products with my most precious baby.
My son is now 2 1/2 and has been potty trained since he was 18 mo but I only used pampers they kept him feeling dry without leaks even overnight. They fit well especially when he was a tiny baby in swaddlers.
I love the wetness indicator and the overall fit and protection that Pampers provide.
We love Pampers! They fit perfectly when my little one was born a bit early! Swaddlers were perfect! Now that she is older they still have the best fit and keep her dry through the night!
Always have good experiences using pampers on my daughter. Sizes grow with her and she stays dry longer.
this is the best diaper on the market right now. i am using it for almost a year now and i am loving the absorption and the comfort for my baby.
It's absorbency is great.. Great product.. Like the wetness indicator.
They fit my baby's bottom like a glove! Thank goodness for size 5
As a new mom with a premie who is juggling formula and breastfeeding, I am so happy with how the diapers hold up.
When you don't want to be changing diapers every hour, you want ones that will be absorbent. Or when you boob baby has a blowout, you want to make sure most of the mess is in the diaper! Pampers swaddlers does the job!
I loved swaddlers diapers from Pampers especially the wetness indicator. My oldest daughter started with the swaddlers and I wished they it had a bigger size when she was growing. They only went to size 3. It had a better absorbent than the other styles from Pampers. When my second was born, I was so trilled that they made sizes 4 and 5 for the swaddlers. It is gentle and soft on my them.
The swaddlers are soft and comfortable. They worked well with both my son and my daughter. I especially like the strip on the front that changes color once it is wet.
NICE DIAPERS. I LOVE PAMPERS SWADDLERS DIAPERS.NICE QUALITY
I am happy I bought this brand of diapers. There is a wet line on the diapers to show that it is wet. My LO did not get a rash or any allergies from this diaper. I recommend it.
We love Pampers diapers- they are easy to put on and stay on. I love the feature that tells you when the diaper is wet. It's nice not to have to open the diaper to check everytime. Sometimes it doesn't change if the baby only went #2, but we can usually hear those.
Diapers with a wetness indicator are the only kind I will buy. They are definitely worth the money. Our baby cries when she's peed so little that you wouldn't notice in a regular diaper, so us being able to tell as soon as she's wet keeps her and us a lot happier.
We tried other diapers that were recommended to us by people we know, but when we tried the pampers swaddlers, we never switched to any other brand. I think the swaddlers are good for newborns, but I would use pampers baby dry when your baby starts sleeping through the night.
I highly recommend Pampers as the best choice in diapers.
We love pampers products in our house! Pampers swaddlers fit our son perfectly!
I preferred the Pampers Swaddlers over the Baby Dry. Swaddlers are softer. However, they don't absorb as well as the Baby Dry. When I tried the Baby Dry, it cut into my sons thigh, it seemed that the plastic was too harsh. That's when I switched back to the Swaddlers. I love them, except for the fact that they don't absorb as much. It would be useful during the night time if they did.
It makes my work easy. It catches everything without any mess outside.
The indicator is very helpful. Never had a diaper rash using these and she sleeps through the night without a change.
We tried all the diapers. These are our favorite. We have a little boy and man can he wet a diaper at night, right from the begining he slept for long periods and would soak right through all the diapers except Pampers! We love these diapers!!!
My baby was allergic to every diaper we tried until we used pampers. The swaddlers were perfect for her sensitive skin. I was so excited when they came out the larger sizes, They move with my oh so active toddler!
Great diaper! Would recommend them to anyone! The only diaper I would depend on!
As a first time mother I tried "shopping" around to figure out what brand of diapers worked best for my baby, it only took one time with other brands to decide that pampers were the best choice.
Swaddlers are amazing! I wouldn't give a second thought to use anything else!!
I have tried the bargain brands and although I may pay less for them, I end up using twice as many and changing clothes all the time because they leak and do not fit well. Pampers never lets me down, work great and look cute :-)
I absolutely love this product! We tried other brands for our little boy, but none measured up to Pampers! We used Swaddlers! They are great for babies with very sensitive skin. The other brands gave him rashes, but not the Swaddlers! We switched to Cruisers when he grew out of Swaddlers, but now they are available in more sizes! Way to go Pampers!
Use now with my second daughter. USed swaddlers with my first daughter as well and then eventually switched to cruisers. I love their softness and my second daughter has very sensitive skin and eczema and has no problems with the diapers. They have not leaked and they get very full!
I have two boys and Pampers are always my number one choice!
My baby daughter is 6 months old and we use pampers swaddlers diapers. I have used other brands of diapers until I tried pampers swaddlers. I will never use another diaper again. Its amazing they never leak! She sleeps all night and when she wakes up shes dry..every morning! They fit her absolutely perfect and keep her comfy! Thanks Pampers!
Works wonders, hardly any leaking and fits my baby we'll.
Super soft and absorbent! We started using pampers swaddlers right after our son was born and we have loved them since.
We love Pampers Swaddlers diapers! They were wonderful when my son was a newborn and now we love having them in sizes 3-5.
Pampers Swaddlers were the diapers our son was started on in the hospital. When we got home, we had bought a box of "other" diapers on a friend's recommendation - those were terrible. In his first week, our LO had his first diaper rash. Once we got rid of the diapers and wipes from the "other" brand and switched back to Pampers Swaddlers, he has only had one rash in 4 months!
Sometimes I have to check his diaper to see if it is dirty because we can be playing and I don't smell anything! These diapers are awesome at absorbing odor almost to a fault!
Only had one issue with 'blowouts' and that turns out we didn't realize he'd went up to the next size already. Now on the correct size and no more issues - can't believe how much these diapers can 'hold'. LO is only 4 months old and can sleep through the night because he is not waking up with an uncomfortable diaper.
As long as he is in diapers, our LO will be in Pampers!
I cannot say enough about how great your diapers are. We've tried huggies and Luvs but they do compare. They do not keep my baby dry and the fit is awful. They don't even feel as comfortable to the touch. Will always buy pampers.
Nice diapers. i like the wetness indicators. price is ok
My family is a big swaddlers customer!!! The only thing I wish could be changed, is having that wet line on all sizes. That would make a big difference in having to keep checking. But, by far are favorite style of diaper!
I've been using swaddlers since my daughter was born. They have always worked great, never had a leak always a great fit.
Used pampers swaddlers for both my kids as newborns. Loved the color changing wetness indicator definitely helped especially when I was new at my mommy duties!
I love pampers diapers and wipes. Such great products. love the yellow line in front that turns blue when wet great for any size.
I am so excited Pampers now has their swaddlers diaper in size 4 & 5. These are by far the best diapers out there! We've always been pleased with their fit and their absorbency so it's nice that Pampers now offers them in the larger sizes! Would highly recommend!
Pampers products never disappoint. The Pampers swaddler diapers are the only ones that seem to fit my son and continue to keep him dry. Thank you Pampers for providing such a wonderful product yet again.
I tried other brands and always go back to Pampers. Since the day my baby was born I was a fan of pampers. They keep my baby dry all night so he sleeps longer. They fit great and haven't had a leak yet. Very happy with Pampers!
I would recommend this diaper to any new parent! The product is excellent!
Swaddlers are the softest most absorbent diaper of all. This is my favorite diaper overall. I love the indicator line & the reinforced side tabs. My twins are 1 1/2 and into everything; I can always count on Pampers products to withstand their tests.
We love the pamper's swaddlers. They are so absorbent we don't have to worry about any leaks in the night. the Wetness stripe is also very helpful! I definitely would recommend them to my friends and family!
Compared to the lower grades, this one has the less leaks and baby is so comfy. Highly recommend and happy they release 4 and 5.
Been using pampers for five months now. I am very happy with the product. I love the swaddled and so does my newborn. I would definitely recommend these to all new mothers.
Great diapers they fit perfect and no leaks. I would recommend to friends.
the diapers work perfectly fir my 2 month since being born. fits nice..no leakage...especually with stools..
I tried another brand of diapers once but they did not work out my baby has used these since he was born and he will use them until he's potty trained.
No complaints about pamper products, it fits nicely on my baby and keeps him secure and dry. He has not experienced rashes or anything with using pampers. Sticking to pampers all the way!!!
I love Pampers Swaddlers. Super Absorbent and Super Soft! I knew my son was comfortable in them. Also very handy wetness indicator helped to know when he needed to be changed.
I have 3 children and one on the way. I've been using papers for all my children. Of course I've tried other brands,but none of them seemed to satisfy my needs. Every time I've put pampers on my children at night their clothes and sheets have always been dry. The diaper might of been full but they never have leaked or made a mess. Pampers diapers are well worth buying. And I will continue to buy the brand when my fourth child is born.
My daughter was a preemie so in the beginning we used the Sensitive Swaddlers but as she grew we were able to move up to the regular Swaddlers. They were the only diapers that didn't leak, didn't give her a rash, and didn't leave lines on her skin from the fit. They were perfect for her, kept her dry and comfortable. She never cried to have her diaper changed as a matter of fact she only cried when I took the diaper off :-)
We had received a variety of diaper brands at a shower and we absolutely, hands down, voted pampers the best. They have the best fit and absorbency. We love the net like liner that seems to wick away stool from our babies' bottoms. We are Pampers people, and we will never try another brand again!
This was one of the best diapers I have ever used. The price was a little high, but for the quality it is worth every penny.
I recently had a new born and after searching and getting feed back on what to use it as definitely Pampers baby swaddlers it was gentle on my baby.
Loved everything about these diapers. They hold better then any other diaper we have put on our son! Will definitely be buying more of the swaddlers for our future babies.
I have shared with several friends my love of Pampers Swaddlers diapers. The Swaddlers are definitely worth the extra expense over the Dry Baby or any other brand. I find that my daughter's bottom is less irritated and I rarely need diaper ointment with the Swaddlers. I also have no problems with leaks in these diapers.
I like Pampers because of their fresh scent. I've used others in the past, and as soon as my son would go #1, they would smell horrible. These could last for hours if for some reason you could not change the diaper sooner. My son has no rashes nor leaks.
I always love to buy pampers products. They help my mommy out in many ways. Among them is the ease of changing me!
We had use Swaddlers from the time our little one came home from the hospital until he finally grew into the size 2 diapers!! Once he did, we switched to Baby Dry and only because we were given a huge box of it from our baby shower haha. We had SO MANY Swaddlers that it really did last a long time because of the comfort and absorbency that was thought of to make these!! Being new parents, it really helped when that little line would show up letting us know that we would soon have to change it! We tried another brand since it was also a gift, but it didn't fit our boy well and it would leak through under his legs.
The pampers swaddlers are the softest diaper I have placed on my babies bottom. I was very pleased with the way newborn fit around the umbilical cord after birth. My child is now wearing number three and my wife and I plan on continuing to stay with pampers until our son is potty trained. Thank you for making such a quality product.
Super Absorbent and always keeps my little one dry.
I try other dippers but the gave my baby a bad rash. I realized pampers are the most soft dippers and are gentle to my baby's skin. Thats why my baby is a pampers baby ;)
Pampers swaddlers are great. Especially for first time moms the wetness indicator is great. Pampers is the brand I trust to get my baby through the night without leaking through and soaking everything!
My child did not experience any leakage of urine or bowel while wearing these diapers. Her skin did not break out from wearing them.
I love pampers swaddlers for my newborn. They fit great and the absorbency allows my little one to sleep through the night!
These are the best diapers I have used! They work great! Even with diarrhea! Minimal leakage!
The fit, the absorbency and the the fun Sesame Street prints makes this product like no other. The fun characters on the diaper are familiar to the baby making it easier to change when the get to that stage that they want to crawl and walk instead of changing.
We have tried multiple brands of diapers for our two children. Some caused rashes, some leaked and even fell apart, some just didn't fit. Pampers brand is the only brand that satisfied our diapering needs! With our third child, we wont even waste our time trying other brands!
Pampers Swaddlers are the best diapers! I am so grateful for the wetness indicator on these diapers. That feature is helpful for a quick check on baby's changing needs when we are out running errands as well as a "blue line" notice for Dad and Grandpa to see when they are caring for baby. The adhesive tabs hold strongly but are also easy to reposition if adjustments are needed. Swaddlers are very absorbent diapers with the slightly elastic leg openings doing a good job of preventing most leaks.
Best diapers ever. I love how my baby hasn't has a rash and they fit great
I love pampers swaddlers! Both my kids wear/wore them! They seem to be more comfortable in them and I have never had a leak problem with them!
It's no wonder these are the diapers used in hospitals (or at least, our hospital) - they are the best! Especially for boys, as the Huggies newborn diapers have the cut out for the umbilical cord and they tend to leak with boys because of that cut out. These diapers are soft, fit well, have excellent absorbancy. No complaints at all.
Swaddlers are amazing!! They are worth the price!!
We used these because the NICU we were in used them. I bought a pack of Huggies to try and save money but was very disappointed with how they fit my daughter compared to the Pampers!
Very soft, no diaper rash, also good to use at night.
We have loved Pampers swaddlers since we were at the hospital with our daughter. They are soft, fit great, and absorb very well!! And we love the wetness indicator. We tried another brand that was given to us as a gift... After three diapers we were back to the pampers!!
Swaddlers fit very well and are soft to the touch. They keep baby dry and are super absorbent. I especially like the higher fit in the back of the diaper. It seems to eliminate leakage and keeps the diaper from hanging open even if it's a little loose-fitting. I have been pleased overall with this product and would recommend Swaddlers to moms everywhere.
I love the pampers swaddlers and my number one reason is that they don't bulge when wet. I've tried other pamper brands and luvs but the swaddlers are the perfect fit and when your little one is wet, you have a color indicator that will alert you, NOT a pamper falling off there butt or has swollen so big in wetness. I like them and thank God they make them in a size 5 for my 12 month old.
These are definitely the best diapers a parent can purchase for their babies, keeps them dry at all times even for babies who tend to have a heavy flow when it comes to urinating. Even at night I can go to bed and feel at ease. I definitely recommend it.
These diapers fit my daughter great, and they are super absorbent. She wears them overnight with no leakage. I also love that they go up to size 5 now! We started in newborn and are now up to size 4!
We've tried using a few other brands of diapers, but our baby gets a bad diaper rash. Pampers sensitive swaddlers have been the only diaper we can use to avoid the rash. They're very absorbent and don't leak even on those rare occasions when she sleeps for 7 hours.. the diaper is so wet it's heavy, but still no leak!
I love Pampers Swaddlers. They fit perfect and never had problems with leaks like other brands, and the wetness indicator is very helpful.
We were given so many different brands of diapers for our baby, but Pampers swaddled were the best. She can sleep through naps and the night without being bothered. She's a heavy wetter so its important for her to stay dry and happy. The fit is great and we love that it doesn't give her sensitive skin rash like other brands. The only issue I had was the umbilical cord notch on the newborn diapers. I felt that it could have been made better. Overall is a great diaper and I highly recommend it.
I have used different types of diapers but Pampers are by far the best. The absorbancy is excellent & they feel so much nicer compared to other brands!
This product has served my daughter well! She stays comfortable and dry! The easy to see wetness line is handy for me! I can easily see if she is wet without disturbing her!
Have been happy with these diapers

Daycare seems happy with them too - says we are the only ones to send nice diapers...I guess other ppl use Target, Costco, etc....
It is soft and absorbable, baby loves it. Also I love it since as a new mom I can know if need to Chang diaper or not based on the blue line. The only disadvantage is that sometimes poopoo will come out from back, you need to be very careful.
Love these diapers for my 9 month old crawler!! Would recommend them above all others :)
I only use pampers! My son is 13 months and used the swaddlers until he was 12 months then switched to crusers. Also, I only use pampers senstive wipes!
They started me using pampers swaddlers in the hospital I liked them...
I had some huggies and some luvs that I had gotten from
My baby shower tried them and still stuck with pampers there awesome
Every package of diapers I received at my showers were Pampers so I assumed that they were the best. I'm a first time mom and all I can say is thank goodness cor that blue stripe! It really does make them the best! My baby seems content and rarely complains about a wet diaper. Thanks Pampers!
These diapers are the only ones I will use for my baby. They are very comfortable and great for his sensitive skin. They are super absorbent and hold up a lot better than other brands. I definitely recommend them!!
Pampers Worked Like A Charm 16 Years Ago When My Little Brother Was Born So Choosing The Same Brand For My Little One Was Only A Given. Leaks Only Occurred When The Diaper Wasn't Put On Correctly And, Although I Wish We Could Magically Lower The Price (Come On, Little Fairies!), I Have No Complaints Whatsoever.
I absolutely love pampers they absorb great and my baby is comfortable in them I definitely recommend this product
I've have tried a lot o brands and pampers swadlers are the best in softness, absorbency, fit
They are a little bit more expensive than the average but I prefer them
I LOVE THIS DIAPERS FOR MY BABY GIRL! I WILL BUY DEFINITELY!
Loved my swaddlers!!! They were a perfect fit for my little boy!
I've used with both of my children. Wouldn't use any other diaper or wipes
I have used pampers swaddlers for the past 4 years now. I have a boy (4) and a little girl (8mo). Pampers swaddlers fit both boys and girls alike. They have kept both of my babies dry for hours without leaking. Thank you pampers for your continued love and support of a wonderful product.
I love Pampers brand , this is the only brand I buy nothing more nothing last, you don't have to worry about leakage or pampers that looked like several soiled diapers hanging from your toddler.
Simply the best. We tried other brands but frequently had issues with leaking and little one waking up wet. Never had a problem with Pampers Swaddlers. The color indicator is also a helpful feature.
Very pleased with the continued quality we find in all Pamnoers products. When it came to our 2nd child without hesitation we went back to pampers.
Really flexible and good at keeping my baby dry. I especially like the notch for the belly button.
Best diapers we have ever used. Reasonably priced.
Great Quality
No diaper rash & leak
Dry enough
Perfect for baby
These diapers have been wonderful for my son. We had our first child 7 weeks ago and he has been wearing pampers since the day he was born.
I was given a bag of swaddlers & the "other brand" when my son was first born. Tried both; my son was completely wet with the others. With swaddlers The diaper was super heavy but I hadn't heard a peep out of the baby! I will only use swaddlers & my friends having babies get a package
Love the wetness indicator. Never a question on if your baby is wet or not. Fits well. Much better than honest company diapers.
I'm very impressed with the quality of swaddlers papers. We have used the regular swaddlers and using the sensitive ones. We have had no problems with rashes and it's fairly easy to know when she is wet without even seeing the wetness indicator. I'm trying other brands to help with costs but I am finding this to be best for baby so far.
Pampers products never fail my family. I have at times had to buy a different brand at the last minute if Pampers wasn't an option and I am always left disappointed and upset that I have essentially wasted money. Pampers swaddlers was our first brand and they have now extended their sizes which is fantastic.
I've used these pretty much since my baby was born. I've tried other brands here and there, but these are by far my favorite. He ALWAYS smells fresh and seems to stay dry! The only time I've had an issue with any type of leakage is when I needed to go up a size! Best diapers on the market!
I love how high the backside is, unlike other brands. We get far less blow-outs. She sleeps all night with a dry bottom thanks to the high absorbency. The back side could cinch a little more so there isn't such a gap. We love pampers and buy them for all of our friends who are having babies!
Great diaper overall kinda nice for little ones but once they get bigger it's a little helpful.
These diapers are very soft. They fit perfectly all around. I love how the line turns blue when the diaper is wet.
You constantly hear others saying that other brands are just as good - I disagree! None of the other brands compare to the quality of pampers! We love the swaddlers because they are soft and durable!
I love Pampers Swaddlers. They were my favorite when my son was an infant. So glad they extended their sizes.
They used these in the hospital my baby was born in and I love them! I had some other daipers at home and tried them and always went back to my swaddlers. The wetness indicator is a huge plus and they are not as thick as most other diapers.
Very comfortable and qualitative diapers I ever used. My son really loves them for perfect fitting and softness. One more advantage is its color changing indicator, very helpful for me.
these worked awesome for my newborn baby girl. super soft and never leaked.
I love the swaddlers diapers, great fit as usual!!
No leaking. I switched to Pampers brand because they hold more.
I started out using Huggies and didn't like the fact that they always leaked! Not only does Pampers keep her dry but they fit better to catch the leaks, minus a few blow outs of course but that's bound to happen.
It's by far the best diaper I'm very happy because my baby is happy.
I love Pampers Swaddlers, they are the only diaper I use. The swaddlers keep my baby dry all night long.
They are awesome quality. Fit well, almost never leak unlike other diapers. only downside is they are expensive.
Awesome diaper my child has a hard time with breaking out with other diapers but these as so hypoallergenic I love them to death and would use no other.
Pampers are truly the best diapers that absorb the wetness. I have not had any leaking issues with these diapers like I have had with other brands. The blue line that indicates the diaper is wet is a great help when determining if a diaper change is necessary. I highly recommend Pampers.
I like that it doesn't leak like other brands that I have tried.
My son has had super sensitive skin since birth, as well as allergies, and swaddlers were perfect for his delicate skin! They were great diapers! We used other brands, and they always seemed to leak or irritate his skin. We used them until he was old enough to crawl, and switched to cruisers.
Not only are these the only diapers that seem to fit my son correctly, they have big sizes with the the indicator strip! The indicator strip is incredibly useful since I no longer have to pinch the diapers to see if they feel wet or not. I will not likely use any other diaper for the rest of the time that my son is in diapers.
I absolutely love pampers swaddlers! They fit my son perfectly and are super absorbent! I only use pampers.
We have tried many other brands of diapers, Huggies, Luvs, even the Wal-Mart brand. As always, we return back to Pampers because they have the best quality and comfort.
I swear by Pampers swaddlers! I've tried competitive brands and they just don't match up. Pampers seem to fit snug and tight and still comfortably enough for little babe to move around.
My daughters skin is sensitive and this helps keep the moisture away so she doesn't get irritated.
great for my squirmy baby, no leaks here!!!!!!!!!!
Pampers swaddlers are the only diapers we will use. We have tried a variety of diapers and always go back to pampers! :)
I got some newborn swaddlers from the hospital and as a gift and loved them so much I returned all the other brands that I could and bought all swaddlers
These diapers are great for new moms. You can trust these diapers will work for you!
I Love Pampers!!!!!!

They are awesome. I dont have to worry about leaks.
We love these diapers! They never leak and we love the indicator line. Highly recommend!
Pampers is the only diaper our son wouldn't leak through during the night. The new born swaddlers were great bc they had the blue indicator strip when they were wet. We tried all the other brands and Pampers is the best.
Swaddlers were my preference for my little ones. They fit great we did not have leaks. They did not break them out as some other brands did.
I love these diapers because they are super absorbent, my baby girl is always dry and the best is that they fit perfect!!!
I tried another (less expensive) brand and it just didn't compare on absorbancy and dryness for my little one. Pampers is all I will use.
Pampers Swaddlers were great for my newborn son, we used them and the line helped so much to tell if he was dry or wet.
Best diapers I've ever bought. They are absorbent, fit great, and do not leak. I've tried several different brand of diapers and these are the best. My husband and my daughter's grandparents love the added bonus that they have the indicator line that changes color when the diapers wet.
Pampers is the best diaper/wipe company around! Love the quality and how the company is always offering coupons to help busy families save a few bucks!
Pampers are super absorbent. I don't have to change my daughter all night because they keep her dry and comfortable. I love Pampers!
Love pampers, best diaper out there. I use them at work and plan to use them on my new baby!
Pampers are great as always. They fit our daughter the best.
I'm a busy mom of twins & need a good diaper. Pampers Swaddlers are great. They fit good, absorb good & keep my babies dry.
Big fan of Pampers Swaddlers for my newborn! I love the softness of the diaper; no issues with rashes or sensitivity. Happily used them for two kids now and will keep using them.
These diapers are soft and non-irritating on my daughters skin, fit well, and do not leak often. We are very happy with them.
I am a new mom and like most people tested some diaper types. My husband and I are in complete agreement that Pampers have been the best products for our new addition. Our daughter, Layla is 4 months old today and has been using Pampers for most of her life. We love your products!
I've been using swaddlers since my little girl was born. They've always kept her dry and we've never had any problems with rashes. I really like that they have a wetness indicator.
Diapers fit our tall, skinny son very well with no leakage.
My husband and I have been very pleased with the absorbency level and comfort of Pampers Swaddlers for our daughter. We especially appreciate the color-changing wetness indicator line. We will continue to use this product!
Best diaper I have used. Baby stays dry all night. Love the wetness indicator.
Amazing fit! Absorbs wetness great and really helps keep my daughter dry so she can sleep through the night!
As a new first time mom I really didn't know what made different diaper brands different. We received several boxes of Pampers and a few bags of the otHer leading brand. The hospital gave us Pampers, so we tried to still with those. My baby was pretty small and stayed in newborn size for a while keeping us in the store every couple of days. When we ran out of pampers we resorted to the otHer leading brand and could NOT believe the difference!!!! We had SO many leaks, and she actually started to get a diaper rash from being wet. We learned our lesson and will only use Pampers from now on!!!! With Pampers, we know our little one is comfortable and dry, and if she is then we are too!
Amazing quality! As a new mom the wetness indicator really helped when my daughter was a newborn!
With a heavy wetter, we tried at least 6 different brands of diapers... Pampers were the only ones that were able to keep him dry most nights!
Pampers swaddlers are my pampers of choice I love them.
Good quality diapers and wipes,my baby is 14 weeks old and we used pampers diapers since birth and we really loved it! Great buy,highly recommended!!!
I used several different brands of diapers and found that Pampers Swaddlers had tabs that were soft and flexible. With other diapers, my child would have marks where the tabs of the diapers stabbed her when she bent over. Swaddlers did not do this, and that won me over. I love the overall softness and absorbency of the diaper and was so excited when Pampers decided to make them in larger sizes! I have used them with both of my children now for over 5 years.
I recommend Pampers Swaddlers to everyone!!!!
As a first time dad, I noticed my husband had difficulty smelling our daughter when she needed to be changed. The moisture sensing strip did wonders with helping daddy out!
We always use pampers, with our second child, with our first we tried to use cheaper and they just don't work! We realized soon how much more we were changing diapers, and clothes b/c the cheaper ones did not hold as much and fell apart.

Having our 3rd child soon and I know we will stick to pampers! so glad they have Swaddlers all the way up to size 5!
As a first time mom the wetness indicator was very helpful but now at 6 months I love that the diapers move with my very active boy! Sizing is really accurate compared to huggies
Great diapers for infants. I used on my newborn until size 2 then switched to cruisers.
I love Swaddlers. They are by far the best diaper on the market. So soft and have never leaked.
We have been using the Pamper's swaddlers since our baby was a newborn and they fit and absorb better than other diapers we tried. I love the color changing wetness indicator also. Would highly recommend these diapers.
I can count on swaddlers to keep my little guy dry and happy. Swaddlers earn an A++++++ in our house.
I like how these diapers are soft and have a band to show when it is wet.
Since the birth of my son I have loved and used only pampers swaddlers diaper. I tried a varity of brand (gifts at the shower) but this diaper was the one that worked the best for us. I love that the back of the diaper is high enough to cover those "sticky messes" and the color changing indicator was so helpful...especially in the beginning for a new and inexperienced mom.
I love these diapers. They keep my son dry throughout the night and absorb far more than other diaper brands.
Love this diapers! We never have a leak even over night!
My daughter doesn't have any licks enamore.
Thank you!!!
I ONLY buy Pampers! Having 2 kids we go through a lot of diapers. We have been given other brands as gifts but we are loyal Pamper's customers.
We have a eight month old and we have used pampers swaddlers on him. We love the wetness indicator and how soft the diapers are. I would never want to use another brand on our child.
I am a big fan of pampers swaddlers. The wetness indicator is great and easy for us to tell if our baby needs changed.
I use this diapers for seven months .
It seems comfortable for my baby and my friends recommended this diapers.
So i will use continuosusly.
These keep my heavy wetter dry all night!
The diaper is so full when he gets changed in the AM but he is dry!
My husband and I have tried many diapers over the years but now we have found the perfect ones! We use pampers on our new baby. We have found All of the pampers products are just better. This is our fifth baby and he has not had any diper rashes at all and he just turned one. Pampers keep him happier and drier. The other brand name wipes are worthless and I won't use them at all anymore after using pampers wipes!
I used these diapers when my son was first born. I loved the way they fit and they never leaked.
We've been using Swaddlers Sensitive diapers for about 2 months and absolutely love them! They've never leaked or caused a rash-- even after a full 8 hours! They seem to have a very light sent, which is very pleasant. We tried another brand of hypoallergenic diapers and were very disappointed. We will be sticking with Pampers from now on... I just wish the price was a little better.
I started using another brand for my baby and was not satisfied. I switched to pampers and just love it. The softness and fit are superb.
These diapers are our absolute favorite out of all the diapers we tried (Pampers & other brands). We loved that the wetness indicator let us know when our baby need changing, pretty much immediately. It came in handy during nighttime feelings on cold winter nights, when we weren't eager to strip her down just to check to see if she wet herself. We'd just unsnap a few buttons and check for a blue line!! We used them until she started crawling and sitting up on her own. Overall, we loved this product!!
pampers are a staple in our home. They are super absorbent and a favorite of ours.
Love love pamper brand. Everything is good from the wipes to the pull ups.
My husband was a big fan of the other leading diaper brand but after receiving pampers from our friends for our baby shower, we were sold! We even tried that other brand but we definitely like this brand better. No leaks! Just have to make sure the diaper is on snug and it keeps him dry all night long. Super absorbent!
These are the only diapers I will ever use for my newborns. The diapers are gentle on sensitive skin. My little girl never had diaper rash while she was in these diapers. They also kept her skin dry overnight. Highly recommend these to any new parent. It's also great that this diaper comes in bigger sizes. I love all pampers products.
I used pampers with my first child and actually liked them better when I had my twins. The blue indicator strip was very helpful when you're taking care of multiples and are always tired.
These are the only diapers that keep my LO dry! The wetness indicator stripe is so helpful for dads and grandparents when they have the baby!
When my 12-year old daughter was born, Pampers Swaddlers were a pretty new product. I tried every brand of diaper on the market, but I kept coming back to the Swaddlers. It's not just that the Swaddlers were the most absorbent diapers that I could find. It's not just that they fit better than the other diapers. It was also that they were the softest diaper compared to all the others. She was my first child and the Swaddlers were soft and made me want to cuddle my newborn daughter even closer. I fell in love with the Pampers Swaddlers. I gave birth to my second child in February 2014, and the hospital gave us Huggies during our stay. As soon as we got home, we switched to our favorite Swaddlers because the Huggies just didn't fit right and weren't as soft or perfect a fit as the Swaddlers. They're even better this second time around. And now they go all the way up to a 5! I couldn't be more thrilled to know that I can keep using this brand for even longer. Thank you, Pampers, for making a diaper deserving of a newborn.
I tried many other diapers because they were cheaper than Pampers Swaddlers. The other brands did not fit right my baby was not comfortable in them. Pampers Swaddlers were so much softer and fit more snug on my baby!
Love pampers! Don't leak as much as Huggies, price is higher, wish they were cheaper!
I have a 4 month old daughter and I have only used Pampers swaddlers. I have no reason to try another brand! No complaints here!
We received every type and brand of diapers at our baby showers when we were expecting the twins and had no idea which were good or bad. The twins then spent 19 days in NICU and these are the diapers they use exclusively. I liked them but once we got home and tried many other brands I realized I LOVE these diapers!
we have twins so we go through a lot of diapers...which means we need not only value in price but a great product... we have been extremely satisfied with Pampers and all of their diaper products!
Love these diapers. Iv used them with both my girls and have had no problems with diaper rash
We have used Pampers since the day our baby was born. We tried cloth, and other brands but she is extremely finicky about being soiled. Pampers are the best diapers for her by wicking away the moisture and giving us an indicator that is the full length of the diaper.
Best disposable diaper on the market, and the only brand we buy.
I loved the swaddlers when my son was a baby! They allowed me to see if he had filled his diaper or if he was only a little wet. They fit my son great! Hardly ever did he have leaks. I would recommend these to every parent and I also buy them for baby shower gifts!
We started using the Pampers Swaddlers, which are great! We tried Huggies as well, but they didn't fit as well and they weren't as absorbent. We had to change our daughter's diapers more often and went through more diapers. When we ran low on our Swaddlers, we went to buy another box but the store was out of our size, so we bought a box of Pampers BabyDry and are huge fans of them! My daughter sleeps through the night and the BabyDry Diapers prevent from diaper rash. They are amazing and we wouldn't buy anything else. We also buy Pampers Sensitive wipes and are very pleased with them.
I love how the wipes stay moist. The diapers are very absorbent.
Pampers swaddlers are the best fit! So glad more sizes are available now!
Nice and dry. Very soft on baby's skin. Doesn't cause rash at all if changed often. I used vaseline jelly around where the diaper touches skin just to make sure.
Love pampers brand!! Fit is great and the value is great!
Fit my baby like a glove, been using swaddlers since the hospital for both of my children. He's not on the move just yet, so still using swaddlers almost 9 months later
I just love the softness and how nice it fits on my baby.
Pampers Swaddlers diapers were the best for my son when he was a newborn.
We've tried loads of different brands and keep coming back to Swaddlers. They are so soft and absorbent. I was slightly disappointed that the front of the diaper that wraps around the waist loses the tab like design, switching to a straight rectangular shape when moving from newborn to size one, but they are stretchy enough to wrap around baby's leg/waist with no leaks or blowouts.
Also disappointed that Pampers has recently decreased the number of diapers per box while keeping the price the same. That's the only reason we keep trying other brands: more butt coverage for the same/less money.
I love pampers swaddlers. I never had an accident of anything going outside of the diaper. Every mess stays in and overnight it holds well. My baby fits into the swaddler size well and it allows for flexible movements without interruption of play.
As a first time mom I am very careful about the products I use on my newborn, but I can say that these diapers are excellent. They are very soft and absorbent. The size is also great my little girl was a bit tiny when she was born and the Newborn size were perfect for her. Will definitely continue to use these diapers as she grows.
Ive been using pampers products for the past 10 yrs i love them!!
Love these! One of the only brands my baby boy can ware. All around amazing!
We have tried many other diaper brands with our daughter and love Pampers Swaddlers the best. They seem to have the best shape and we haven't had a leak yet like we have with some other brands.
I have used pamper swaddlers on my 2 year old since she was a premie. Loved the coverage and how well they held. Hardly had blow outs in them. Definitely recommend to others!
I used these diapers for my daughter who is now three and using them again for my son. I had tried other diapers but I love these the most from other brands. I would definitely recommend to everyone else.
After having my son, we were introduced to the Swaddlers brand in the hospital and it has been one of our Go To products ever since!
I have found that if my baby is in proper sized diaper there is a lesser chance of a "blow out" than any other brand.
I have not found any other diaper that feels more like real cloth and fits as well as Swaddlers. We have used them for all 4 of our girls and are just as pleased with their performance from baby #1 to baby #4.
I like Swaddlers because of the fit! There is no leaking like the other diapers I have tried!
I loved using Pampers Swaddlers for my baby girl. They are very helpful for newborns. They fit perfectly and the back of the diaper sits high on the back (for those unwanted blow outs), which didn't happen often while using Swaddlers.
I loved having the wetness indicator (that fantastic yellow line...that changes to blue when wet). It was so helpful because I was a new mom, I had no idea when my little one was wet.
The only problem I see with the Swaddlers is after size 3 you might as well upgrade to a different type of diaper. They seem to get damp easily. Maybe it's because my little one was moving more by than...not sure.
I do love Pampers Brands. I have used other (cheaper) brands and if you buy cheaper...you get a cheaper product...MORE BLOWOUTS.
I used Huggie for my son before, it leaked when he was on side. I bought Pampers for him instead, it never leaks. I like it and will continue using this brand.
consist and reliable. indicator helps when to change.
Pampers are great. They fit good, they will literally stay dry all night. The Swaddlers hug him in just right, it's like they're custom made! They truly are a perfect fit. They're a bit pricey, but not for the amazing quality you get! My son has sensitive skin - like his momma. And no rashes! I 100% recommend.
Quality product. Good fit. Absorbency is great and the color changing wetness strip is a plus.
Swaddler pampers are the best! I actually love the way the line changes from blue to yellow so that I know when my baby needs a diaper change. It also has a perfect fit. I like the fact that the pampers are white. It gives it a fresh and neat look.
Being a first time mom, I had no idea what diapers to use. Pampers were given to me, for my daughter, at the hospital and I have been using them ever since! They are soft and snug on her little bottom, the color changing indicator is so helpful in showing me its time for a diaper change - no more guessing and they smell like baby powder.
I absolutely love Pampers, I love the wet indicator and they fit great! The designs are just too cute!!!
I use baby dry for the night and cruisers during the day and my baby has been thanks God rash free and she sleeps great. awesome diapers
Love love Pampers! I've never ever had a problem with them. Perfect fit and they are all I will buy!
Keep it simple and give good advice to others. Be honest!
Using this product is a perfect way of showing how to hold stuff in.
We first started using swaddlers while still in the NICU. Besides the absorbency, I also loved the color-changing wetness indicator. It was so easy to quickly check if they were wet without disturbing them while they slept.
We loved these swaddlers. They fit well. Absorbed well. And the wetness indicator is extremely helpful!!
We have one beautiful daughter...and as a first time mom, I wanted the very best for her! Diapers was no exception to all the baby products on our list of needs for her! When I saw that the hospital used Pampers on our precious newborn, that was enough proof to me that Pampers is the best!
She's now in a size 3 Pampers Swaddlers and although we've tried other brands briefly, I've always came back to Pampers.
Yes, they are a bit more at the cash register, but like everything in life - you get what you pay for!
We love our Pampers!
Will never buy a different kind of diaper, these are by far the best
I love the absorbsion in these diapers. They have yet to leak urine, the number two factor is good but not the greatest, I have had a few blowouts.
As a first time mom, I wasn't sure what diapers we would like. The hospital sent us home with Pampers and another leading brand. We have since stocked up on mega boxes of Pampers. Definitely will recommend to others.
This is my favorite diaper. I love how soft & cloth like the diaper is.....unlike all the other diapers with their "filmy" looking textures. The absorbency is great I also like how the inside of the diaper is made.
I have used nothing but pampers for both of my children 2 and 3 years old). Very pleased with the cost and more importantly, the quality!
I honestly love these diapers. They never leak on my little one.
I love pampers brand! I used for two years until my son was potty trained and now I am using them again for my baby! They are the only brand I will buy!!!
Other brands do not compare to pampers. Never leak, keep my babies dry and comfortable. Love the wetness indicator. Tried other brands because they were cheaper but you get what you pay for with diapers.
I love these the most of all the diapers we've tried. They fit so well and blowouts are contained and minimized. I also like the characters. I could take or leave the wet stripe because my little guy wets immediately after he gets a new diaper. I think these are excellent in absorbency too because he sleeps through the night with zero issues.
When you have a newborn you want to protect their delicate skin which is being exposed to so many new things. Pampers are the softest diaper out their! They don't feel scratchy against their skin or yours.
I have tried several other brands trying to get the best deal. However I always return to pampers. I have no leaks with pampers diapers and the wipes are amazing! The wipes are not rough like other brands!
Pampers Swaddlers are the best diapers on the market for little babies. I love them!
This diaper is so soft that it feels like powder. It smells good too, just like Johnson's Baby Powder. I do feel the fit is a bit small for the advertised size though. I did not have a big baby, but the swaddlers diapers tend to run small.
All other brands give my baby a rash. Pampers doesn't. I love the wetness indicator too.
Pampers will always be my first choice, great quality,fit and keeps baby dry!
From birth I have used only Pampers swaddlers on my daughter. Super absorbing and love the color changing wetness indicator, it makes things so much easier.
I love how the swaddlers has the wetness indicator and these were better than all the other brands we have tried. They don't leak (unless on too long). My son is bigger for his age and the fit was more comfortable on him for sure. Definitely a keeper!
Pampers are literally the only diapers we use! Love them, I would recommend them to everyone!
Pampers are the best product to use,especially when you have a little boy! They fit perfectly and never leak. I especially like the pampers swaddlers because of the blue line indicator.
Love it! so much better than other brands. We have used pampers since day 1!
I love the unique absorb away liner.. Really see a difference when comparing pampers to other brands. I had a diaper raffle for my baby shower and pampers were by far the best.We returned other brands.
I love these diapers. I have tried other brands with both my children and have always come back to pampers. The only brand that pulls moisture away from babies bottom. A+++
I love how soft this diaper is, and the color-changing wetness indicator was a life saver! Whenever our newborn would start to get fussy, we would immediately check to see if the indicator had changed colors. More often than not the color had changed, and a quick diaper change would make our baby happy again. I always recommend this diaper to new parents.
I find that the pampers swaddlers are super absorbent and fit well. I love that there is an indicator for wetness, it makes monitoring wet diapers easier. I will only buy pampers!
I was so confused on which diapers to choose when I had my son.....not only did the hospital use papers, but everyone I know uses Pampers so i was sold from the very beginning. The wetness indicator is the most accurate I have ever used and is so convenient. I had a diaper raffle at my baby shower and if I received any diapers other than Pampers, they were returned/exchanged for Pampers. You'll love them!
I love this product because it does not give my baby girl any diaper rashes at all. It shows when her diaper is full by showing a blue line on the diaper. I used another brand that starts with an H before this and I didn't like it because it let loose a lot of white stuff and Pampers doesn't do that. I recommend it to everyone.
Appreciate the soft outside and roomy fit. I have a chunky breastfed baby who needs plenty of width and leg room. I rarely have problems with diaper leaks or bunchy filling when diaper is wet. Great product!
When my daughter was born we used swaddlers and have now moved on to cruisers. I went through the same process when my son was born a year later. Superior product, happy customer. Only complaint- not a fan and don't use the baby dry diapers. They feel cheaply made and get very heavy when wet.
Over all I'm a huge fan of Pampers. I feel that I'm getting exactly what I pay for. The wipes are wonderful; soft but gets the job done. The only draw back that I have is that my daughter is a premie and the size 1 is too small, but the 2 are still too big. They leak badly around the leg.
We love Pampers diapers for our 5 month old. They don't leak and don't irritate her sensitive skin.
This contained mess and didn't chaffed. No rash gentle
My son is 10 months old now. Since day one he has worn pampers along with pampers wipes. When I used another brand, which was given as a gift, he pulled his diaper off! Even he loves his pampers! (: they fit him well, he seems comfortable and happy in them. When I change his diaper he is still dry. I can touch the wet diaper but it's dry. I find this to be incredible. It doesn't cause yeast infections or irritable skin. Thank you!
Pampers is the only brand of diapers I use. My son has never had any issues as far as diaper rash as I have heard other brands they do. I would not use anything else.
Pampers diapers are wonderful. I know it's just an opinion but I have tried other brands and they not come close to the product that pampers have. They don't leak, and is skin is always dry and the wipes never leave any type of residue. I recommend Pampers # 1 to all other brands and my family doesn't use any other brand.
I used this with both of my children when they were born until size three. The fit is the best I have found and they are soooo soft! The line on the outside the indicates when they are wet is perfect for the first few months when they are sleeping all the time and you don't want to wake them to check to see if they are wet. I will definitely be using them again with our next child!
We have used them for both kids now! We will use in future with all kids as well!
Swaddlers were the first diapers my pre-term baby used and she just loved them. For the first year she'd get fussy when we tried to use any other brand, so we have stuck with this brand. Obviously she knows what she wants and its swaddlers. So it was a piece of good fortune that they now go up to size 5
Swaddlers are so soft and I feel like that is especially important when babies are newborns and we don't want anything to hurt or be uncomfortable to them!
What my son has worn since birth! They stay on and hold it all in!
The hospital was using swaddlers so I knew they were good to use. I only used pampers for my babies!!
I have tried every diaper out there and Pampers by far are the best!
We've tried several other brands given to us as gifts, but all of the others felt too papery and rough to put on our baby girl. Also, not having to worry about changing diapers in the middle of the night is great! No leaks!
I love Pampers wipes! They are so soft for my daughter. I love the easy way the pull out of the container!
This is our go to 'bed time diaper'. They absorb great and keep her dry throughout the night! Very satisfied!
Pampers is the best brand out on the market. They fit perfectly and absorbs great!!
Pampers are our favorite diapers! The swaddlers are nice but I feel that the baby dry work the best. We us both!
Pampers Swaddlers were the first diaper we used on our daughter from the day she was born. The wetness indicator was such a help as new parents getting the hang of everything needed to take care of a new baby in the healthiest way. Took the guess work out of whether the diaper was dirty or not. At that time Swaddlers were not available in the larger sizes 3-4 with the wetness indicator, which was a disappointment until we got used to the Pampers Baby Dry and night time diapers. Pampers was/is the only brand diaper I felt comfortable using after sampling some others. Found them to be the best quality and most reliable to not leak.
We tried several different brands of diapers with our first child. Being first-time parents, my hubby loved the color-indicator in the diapers. Swaddlers had such a soft feel and we never had issues with "leaking" like we did with other brands #some of which even caused a rash on baby's bottom#. When baby #2 came along, we didn't even bother with the others. Straight to the Swaddlers until it was time for the Cruisers!
We've tried a number of different diapers and Pampers is the only brand that offers our children the best fit with very few leaks.
I love the quality of all pampers brand products!!!
Best diapers for baby, and the indicator line makes it easy for mum to know when to change baby
Bringing home a skinny baby also brought concerns about a newborn diaper that would fit. I was thoroughly pleased with how well Pampers Swaddlers fit and how well they kept her dry!
I absolutely love pampers and have recommended them to friends and family. I won't use anything else.
Pampers is by far my favorite brand of diapers. They are soft, absorbent, and do not leak! I am usually not picky or brand specific but pampers is the best diapers to buy!
Love the fit of the diapers. My skinny daughter is 13 months and still wears size 2 because of the fit. Only complaint is that she wakes up damp in the mornings, but we love the diapers & only buy Swaddlers for her tooshie.
With my first child I tried all different brands of diapers. Pampers Swaddlers were always gentle and very absorbant. With my second child I have bought them from the start. They are still just as great!!!
After our son arrived in February, we tried every kind of diaper imaginable that we'd received in our diaper raffle at our baby shower. Pampers were the only ones that fit our little guy well. We've never had problems with leakage or his skin being irritated by any Pampers products. We use Pampers Swaddlers and Pampers Swaddlers Sensitive during the day (with Pampers wipes) and Pampers Baby Dry at night. I'd recommend any and all of these products.
We use these at night for our kids. All 3 of my kids do/did fill these diapers to the max each night with 12+ hours but never leak!
Love love love! Pampers sensitive wipes are also my FAVE!!!!
Is an excellent product adsorb very good and it is soft
I love these pampers. They are really soft, and they stretch really good. I never had any blow outs. I have literally returned every gift that was a box of diapers to exchange them for Swaddlers. I refuse to change! And the wetness indicator was SO helpful for Dad! He was able to help out even more because the blue line meant it was time to change vs. Him asking me every other second. I LOVE LOVE LOVE these!
Great fit on my little guy. Diaper holds everything in and keeps baby dry.
Nice product, my daughter been using pampers diapers and baby wipes without a problem.
Pampers have great absorbancy, they do an excellent job keeping my babies dry though the night!
pampers swaddles fit my daughter perfectly and absorbs 95% of wetness
I found that all of the other diapers I tried either were too scratchy or didn't absorb as well as Pampers Swaddlers. I was so happy to see them go all the way up to size 5 so I could continue using them.
We have used pampers with both of our daughters and have never been disappointed. Kept our daughters dry and prevented leaks and blowouts!
Love, love, LOVE these diapers! They fit amazingly and are super soft! I love how they have the wetness indicator. Even my husband knows when its time to change our daughter!!
I would not use any other diaper on my 5 month old baby!!
love love love pampers products I've always used it and I'll always use
I love how soft and absorbent these diapers are! I would recommend them every time!
The swaddlers diapers are so soft on baby skin. They keep baby skin protected. Love the wetness indicator.
Pampers is the softest diaper I have found. No gaps or leaking. Weve tried several others but non compare
They are good diapers I love them for my kids, no problem with them wearing it. I always buy this brand.
Have use pampers swaddlers with my children and they have been great!!
Diapers fit wonderfully. Very few blowouts!!! Perfect for children with sensitive skin too
I love the swaddlers line! Super absorbency, great quality and product for the price
I used swaddlers exclusively with my daughter for her first few months of life. Being a new mom, the wetness indicator saved me so much trouble and hassle as I had no idea what I was doing. Would def. recommend, esp. for new parents.
I tried cheap versions and other name brands along with Pampers. I will not use anything other than pampers! They fit my daughter great, she's never had a diaper rash and they are super absorbent.
I will only use pampers products! Work great if you have a child with sensitive skin. Highly reccomend!
I love pampers, my daughter is always comfortable. The only issue is the size. She is too big for a 3 however the 4 are a little too big. Maybe an in between size? No complaints other than the size.
I've always used Pampers diapers with my older kids (12 & 10) and still use them a decade later with my 3 month old,
Love my pampers swaddlers. they get the job done! I wouldn't use anything else for my Son.
Love pampers swaddlers these diapers prevent leaks unlike other brands my son has had!
This is the only brand and type I would use for my new born boys and its what we plan to use when our little girl is born in the next 2 months. We are already stocking up. I love the newborn umbilical cord cut out and the line that shows you they have wet in the diaper. And they are so soft.
I really love these pampers. They hold up great. Never leak. I really love the wet indicator. It is also a great fit.
I love Pampers Swaddlers diapers! I come from a family that always used Pamper's diapers they are so much better then they were in the past. Ive tried cheaper bands and well lets just saw you get what you pay for!
We have not tried them cause our baby isn't here yet but my mom and my baby daddy ma used it on use and it is perfect. My nieces and nephews used it and I changed their diapers a lot so I said that I am going to stay with Pampers.
When my daughter is wearing Pampers- I have no worries!
Softness you don't get from other diapers, no plastic feeling!
Great diapers and I love the wipes. Keeps my baby boy dry throughout the entire night.
Pampers are by far the best diapers I've ever used
Great quality, keeps my baby girl dry, and gives her full range of movement.
As always pampers is the way to go. From the day my kid was born I didn't mess around with other brands- pampers all the way!
wonderful product. Would recommend to all my friends
I have used these since my son was born tried others but these was by far the best.
15 years ago my baby was a huggies baby. I didn't like the plastic of pampers. I now love pampers. I think they are a better quality, fit better and have a fresh scent to them.
I loved these diapers for my firstborn! I had a few from the hospital and stocked a ton during my pregnancy. The wetness indicator helped my parents know when my DD was wet and the diapers were great overall. I used these again with my secondary born.
I love the soft feel of pampers swaddlers! I also love the color changing stripe!
I have only used Pampers since my first baby was born and I just love it!!!!
When I was pregnant with my son, I received tons of different diapers which I was extremely grateful for. However, the only ones that I trusted for my baby's sensitive skin were Pampers Swaddlers. Not only did they fit him the best, their absorbency was the best!
These are the best diapers on the market, if you ask me. They're soft and very absorbent. I don't have trouble with leaks or blowouts when using Swaddlers. They fit perfectly!
As a new first time I had lots of brands to try. We quickly went back to pamper swaddlers. We had lots of leaks and blowouts from bad fits with other brands.
I love that the pampers swaddlers go up to size five now. I have always loved how they mask the smell of a wet diaper. The color changing line is great as well.
The swaddlers were the only diaper that my son did not explode out of. Super soft, and the blue line that appeared when wet made knowing when he needed a change super easy.
Great diapers! Love how they fit and absorb. The wetness indicator is nice also.
These diapers are my absolute favorite! The hospital provided us with a packet when our baby was born, and we have continued to use them ever since. They fit baby perfectly, and they hold really well! The wetness indicator is awesome!
Love the blue wet indicator included in the diaper.
I prefer pamper swaddlers to pampers dry because it helps to aviod my babys bum from getting to red and chafted due to the urine. The colored line is nice but if you are checking the line you have to undress so at that point might as well change the diaper. The fit is nice; the only thing is with the umbilical cord notch it isn't cut out enough so it still touches it. The price is the same as the dry box except you get about 20 diapers less.
Pamper swaddlers keep my baby dry all night. They Re so soft and the wetness indicator is genius!!
Love these diapers, especially the yellow line that changes to blue to let me know when the baby needs changing.
Love swaddlers. Didn't have size 4 and 5 when we were ready for them but will have for baby #2!!
Hi there.
I was one of those parents that did not want to spend extra money on something that my baby was gonna dispose of 5 times a day. We had fitting problems, leakage, durability, quality issues and I'm sure I forgot some. We finally tried pampers and worth every penny. Haven't had an issue. When my second baby came around pampers was the only choice for us
Luv them, wouldn't buy any other diapers wish they were cheaper
The product itself is ok, much better than baby dry, I would go for this line instead of baby dry!
We have used Pampers Swaddlers with both our children and never a diaper rash. To me this speaks volumes about the quality of the product
I have a son and I was told Huggies was the brand to use. We went through so many outfits those first few days until I tried Pampers Swadlers. These keep him dry and never leak (except for the occasional blow out that would permeate duct tape)!
With my first child I used swaddlers right from the hospital and was immediately impressed. They're soft, absorbent and worth the cost. I was disappointed they only went to size 4 at that time. Now, my second is 3 months and swore to use nothing but. And am very happy to see that they now go through size 5!
Love how soft these diapers are! They feel like cloth and fit my babies perfectly!
Love the sensitive wipes. They are all my baby can use.
We have used these diapers from the beginning with size newborn. They have been a great diaper for overall comfort & fit. We have used other brands that were gifts, but we always come back to Pampers.
I used huggies in addition to pampers at first and liked pampers better. I noticed less leaks and a better fit.
The pampers swadlers fit my son the best. They seem to absorb more than other brands and they fit better. They also have better quality and aren't so rough. Definitely recommend this brand and style!
Awesome quality! Never have had any problems! Good fit for my little man on the go!
Pampers Swaddlers are the softest diapers and the only ones I will put on my infant. They never cause a rash and never leak even during the night.
I've used Pampers for both my kids and nothing else.
I've used this diaper since day 1 and I won't use another diaper! Going on 8 months!
Compared to other brands I have used, Pampers really fits my daughter well, it is soft, doesn't rub on my daughter when wet, and the indicator is a great help!
Only diaper my son doesn't leak through overnight. Definitely recommend!
I like how they fit my daughter and I like the way the smell :-) Also, the price for them is great!
As a first time mom I thought all diapers and wipes were the same. We received several gifts of different brand diapers and by far Pampers has the best fit and keeps my daughter dry. I also love the extra height in the back and great fit at the legs as they are the only diapers we have never had a dreaded "blowout" in!
I have tried a number of brands - Huggies, Luvs, Well beginnings, and even Pamper's Cruisers. Pamper's Swaddler's are the best fit for my daughter. These are the only brand that she hasn't leaked out of whether it be from a full wet diaper (overnight) or a messy diaper. I love the wetness indicator as well.
I have tried all brands of diapers, even store brands, and none compare to Pampers. The swaddlers are the best because they are super soft and fit perfect. I buy the regular Pampers diapers too but the swaddlers are my favorite.
I LOVE these diapers! These diapers were all my friends favorite and also were the diapers we had in the hospital! WOW what a difference they made for us all. We never had any leaks, they are so soft and made my babies happy!
THE WIPES ARE REALLY SOFT AND COMFORTABLE WHEN TOUCH THE SKIN.
I loved these diapers. I wish they came in larger sizes. These are the best!!!!
I was given two packages of Pampers Swaddlers at the hospital when my daughter was born. Now 2 years later and a size 5 (the largest size available for the Swaddlers) my daughter is still comfortably wearing them.

With newborns it completely takes away the guessing game of if they are wet or not with the blue stripe. The downside is, the smell. Unfortunately you can smell everything through these diapers and my daughter smells as soon as she goes.
Pretty darn good diaper with very few leaks. Wish they were a little cheaper.
Of all my four kids; that's all I use is Pampers!! Every style they have!
We love our Pampers Swaddlers. The scent is just what I expect to smell when I'm holding my baby. We have never had a problem with diaper rash, I think because they wick moisture away so quickly. We are loyal Pampers users and will continue to be!
Love these diapers. The best feature is the wetness indicator stripe. I really wish the stripe was also on the cruisers though.
I grew up on Pampers Diapers and my mom used them on my brother and sisters when they were younger, so I knew when we got pregnant I wanted Pampers Diapers. We began using the Swaddlers based on the recommendation of friends and have loved using them since our daughter was born back in March! The fit is great, they hold in messes, and we couldn't be happier with this diaper! Thanks Pampers!!!
Love them! Tried others and wasn't a fan of them!!
These diapers are the best.. I wouldn't chose anything over pampers! :)
Great product! I'm child number 3 and love them! I recommend them to everyone!
I've tried a lot of diapers. Pampers are the best for my baby.
We have always used pampers swaddlers. Their a great product and we will absolutely use them with the second baby.
Great brand! My son never gets a diaper rash with this brand and the swaddles have the best fit for all ages.
Love love love it ! I have been using pampers for years since my first born who is now 9 years old and I must say I will never switch to another brand!
We had a diaper party and requested pampers. So far we are so happy with pampers diapers and wipes for our 6 week old.
I love using Pampers Swaddlers. They always fit my baby great and keep him dry. He hasn't had any leaks. I also love the notch for the umbilical cord. I was excited to hear that swaddlers now goes up to size 5. They are soft and I love using them.
Growing up I had only ever heard of and known people to use another brand that was not pampers. When it came time to register I registered for the competitor brand because that was all I had ever known. Big mistake!! The hospital my baby was born at used pampers swaddlers. When I brought my baby home I switched immediately to the brand I had registered for. My newborn started peeing through the diapers and even having explosive diapers. Less than a week later I sent my husband to buy the pampers swaddlers that were used at the hospital. My baby is 6 months old and to this day I will only use pampers swaddlers and I have not had any diaper leaks whatsoever! I am so happy with pampers and I tell every expecting mother I know about my experience so they don't waste their time with any other brand. Especially because now that I am a mom I know how precious time is!
Amazing and they fit good...my daughter is tiny and they fit her perfect with no leaks
I trust pampers to help my twin 18 month old girls and my 4 month old son to have a good night sleep by keeping them clean and dry.
Pampers swaddler diapers have great abdorbency, are very soft for your baby's sKin, and smell wonderful. Definitely recommend these diapers to anyone
Being a new mom comes with all these wonderful perks, and in that way it also comes with the frustrating bits! Everyone wants to help you out and instill their two cents on our ever learning ways. But, if there is one thing I trust, it is a product that has been used through the generations of family. I grew up cradled in Pampers diapers, as did my brothers, as is my son. A product of such quality, including but not limited of course to: absorbance, comfort, fit, and hours of dryness. These are the reasons I stick to Pampers. Of all the planning that comes with a newborn, this was a first, and easy decision!
We tried several brands of diapers that we received for our baby shower and Swaddlers were by far the best! Other brands did not fit as well and didn't have the great absorbency of Pampers. My son's sensitive skin would break our in a rash because the diapers did not keep the moisture away - but not with Pampers! We'll never use another brand!
Love these diapers, my lil One wears them for up to 12 hrs at night
I only use Pampers diapers and will only continue to do so! Started off with Swadlers now on to Baby Dry!
I wouldn't use any other brand! Pampers brand is definitely the better brand over other named brands that I have tried. Soft, comfortable, and they smell nice too.
Has helpful wetness indicator and super absorbent. Very soft
I've tried several different brands of diaper and Pampers never disappoint me. The value for the cost is amazing. I never have to worry about leaks or tears. I highly recommend this brand
These diapers are fantastic. One great thing I love about these is that my little one doesn't break out when she wears them! They also keep her dry through the night!
I am using this since my son was born. I tried other brands in between but found nothing to be as good as this one. It's always a good choice.
We revived our fair share of both Huggies and Pampers diapers for our newborn. While I liked the overall feel of Huggies better, and thought their umbilical cord notch was done better than Pampers, once his cord fell off the Pampers were far superior in holding up. They didn't seem as flimsy and we had far less leaks!
I love the yellow strip! They are so soft on my sons tush
I definitely recommend the swaddled to first time mommies. I understand that every baby is different on diapers. But I highly recommend to try these first!
These diapers are the best when it came to comfort and dryness for my newborn son. It fit him very well and didn't irritate his skin. I really like the blue line down the front that tells you when he's wet instead of having to check yourself!!
Love the product! Never have had an issue with leaking and love how the sizes overlap!
I love Pampers brand diapers over any brand! I also enjoy the green line in front of the diaper which lets me know that my baby girl is ready to be changed!
Great for NB-size 2 as the wetness indicator allows you to know for sure. At or after size 2, you don't really need the indicator since their diaper gets more soaked and it is easily identifiable by the feel of it.
I love the the layer to control the absorbency. A lot better than Huggies or Luvs.
As a first time mom I couldn't be more satisfied with this product !! pampers diapers and wipes are our first choice when shopping !!!
After trying many different brands, we ate sticking with Pampers! The wetness indicator helps us and our son stays dry no matter how wet his diaper gets.
I love every product that you make. Swaddlers fits both my girls perfect!
We absolutely love swaddlers for our daughter and were so glad to see that they make them in larger sizes now! The absorbency is incredible and she always remains dry - she is 17 months old and has had enterocolitis since birth leaving us with frequent dirty, messy diapers - and she hasn't had 1 diaper rash...I believe much of this is due in part to the absorption of the diapers! Thank you, Pampers!
Best diaper on the market that keeps the wet separated from babies skin.
These diapers hold up to the challenge! They are soft and flexible to our baby's moves. These are our top choice.
I love Pampers diapers. They are the only brand I will use. Absolutely the best absorbency and quality for my DD!
Best diapers for your money . My daughter stays dry all through the night in these .
Pampers Swaddlers are the best fitting diapers for my child. I'm so glad they come in larger sizes now.
My son was leaking through his other diaper night after night. We tried different things to help prevent him from being soaked and making it easier to clean up in the night when he woke up soaked. Nothing really worked. Finally I decided to just try another brand of diaper, I switched to Pampers and that did the trick! No more night time drenching.
Since I was a first time mom I didn't really know how to know when to change diaper. With the swaddlers they have the yellow stripe that turns blue when they potty. It was a life saver!!
I have used pampers saddlers for both of my children as infants. I love the way they fit. Love the line that turns blue when its wet. Awesome diaper all around.
these pampers are excellent they REALLY absorb the wetness all night long, whether it be the swaddlers or the baby dry. Yes they are bit pricey but definitely worth it! I had try other brands and unfortunately they would leak in the middle of the night, which meant getting up changing the sheets the diaper, and the pj's, how annoying especially when I had to be up at 6am to work a full time job. With pampers swaddlers or baby dry I don't have that problem.
We have been using Pampers baby dry for more than six months now. It keeps our daughter dry and she doesn't feel irritated by that.
The best diapers! Especially for newborns!!!!!!!!!
I love pampers. I have tried huggies and luvs diapers. Luvs diapers do not absorb as well and their material seems thin and cheap. Huggies diapers are cheaper than pampers and some can't tell the difference but the material for pampers feels softer than huggies and I like the way pampers fits more than huggies.
I started using these when my little guy was just a year old. He was having night time accidents and then I found these. They absorb a ton and do not leak.
My favorite part of these diapers is the blue indicator line that shows when the diaper is wet. Big help!
Really like the diapers except they leak at night. Not sure why. Really like how soft they are!
No blow outs yet and have been using these for over a month now. Price is a little high given the number of diapers our little one goes through but maybe Pampers will work on that aspect in the future.
I am a new mom and have tried Luvs, Huggies and Pampers and Pampers are the best! All other diapers have leaks! Also swaddlers are the softest on newborn gentle skin.
I would never buy another brand of diapers. I have had my 2 year old son in Pampers since birth. I never have to worry about blowouts or leaking. He can wear them through a 12 hour night and they won't leak. I love these diapers!
they used these at my son's nicu and we continued to use them at home! we love them! we used them till size 3!
My husband and I have been very happy with Pampers since the day our 9 month old was born. We did have a friend that gave us some Huggies and it was terrible. Our son kept peeing out the top of the diaper. We have found that the Pamper Dry are wonderful and haven't had any issues with them.
I used Pampers Swaddlers with my first child back in 2006 & when my second child was born in 2012, the hospital gave us free diapers but they weren't Swaddlers so I had a relative bring me some! Once you find the diapers you love it takes a lot to sway you.
We used Pampers Swaddlers up until our little lady turned one. We tried the other big brands, but were never as pleased with them. Swaddlers kept her comfortable and dry!
As a first time mom, adjustment to life with a newborn can be challenging. One of the least challenging was not having to worry if my baby was going to soak through her diapers or break out because of them.
One thing that I would have to say would be the price of pampers. As a stay at home mom & being a one income family, when I go to buy diapers it is very discouraging to see that the other brands around are cheaper than pampers. It would be nice to have a diaper that was affordable and of good quality without having to sacrifice one or the other.
We absolutely loved Pampers Swaddlers when both our children were infants. When we first used them they hadn't added the wetness indicator, but that was a nice improvement the second time around. We never had any issues with Swaddlers and tried several brands with our first child.
We prefer pampers swaddlers for our little one. The seem to fit better and never leak. I have used other brands but always prefer papmpers.
These are by far the best diapers we've used. We love how soft they are and they smell nice as well. Definitely recommend them!
I love Swaddlers for my Little Girl. The color changing wetness indicator is great. I love that I can look to see if she needs to be changed. When I do change her, she is always dry and I don't have to worry about diaper rash.
Our daughter has very sensitive skin and we still use these at size 4.
We used Pampers Swaddlers because that is what the hospital used when our son was in the NICU. While they are priced higher than other brands, Pampers Swaddlers is the best we have tried! Great protection, soft, and love the color changing wetness indicator.
I am a new mother, and I was not sure what diaper to try. I heard so many people giving me advice that it was difficult to choose. But the hospital where my child was born used Pampers, so I decided that that was what I was going to use. What a great decision. We tried a couple of the other brands, but we have been very unhappy with those. Pampers is what has worked best for my baby and me. I am so glad that we found this product. We will be using it until he no longer needs to wear diapers.
these pampers are dry and effective. they fit well on my daughter who is very long but has chubby thighs. They have never leaked. I like the design has only a pattern on the band and not on the entire diaper so if she is wearing a dress you dont notice the diaper design
I love the way these fit on my son. They don't leak and absorb well. Perfect for my son in motion.
I love swaddlers. They are great for sensitive skin a long night wear and pritection
I love Pampers diapers! They're literally the only diapers we use on my 8-month old son. He was in the Swaddlers up until he started crawling, and I loved them! They were soft and comfortable while also durable and absorbent! He is in Cruisers now and they're just as great! We tried other brands in the beginning and always came back to Pampers...they just can't be beat!
These diapers are by far my favorite. They are super soft for baby's new skin and hold great. Since they now come in larger sizes I use them for my almost 2 year old and they hold great throughout the night. Store brand diapers can never compete with the value and quality of pampers.
Great absorption. Love the wetness indicator. Expensive as always
We used Pampers Swaddlers on our first son and are now using them on our newborn. They're great quality and super soft. They are pricier than most other options but worth it to keep a newborn's skin soft and dry.
I have tried almost ever type of diaper out there and nothing compares to pampers. They fit perfect through every single phase.
I would highly recommend pampers I have used pampers with all my children.
When my son was first born, we used another well-known diaper brand. While using this brand, we would constantly be surprised when wetness would come right through his clothes with a brand new diaper on!! Since switching to Pampers, he has not had one instance where he has wet outside of his diaper. Pampers obviously offers the best fit around! Thank you Pampers!!
We love pampers. Best diapers we have tried and won't buy any other brand. This goes for the wipes too.
My precious newborn is still using pamper swaddle series. She loves it and it keeps her dry. Also gives her enough wiggle room to start exploring.
these were the first diapers my son used in the hospital and i really liked them.
I loved these diapers for both boys as newborns! We used these exclusively for the first 2-3 months until they outgrew sizes and moved into Cruisers. I've seen in stores now that they made bigger swaddler sizes and I think it's awesome!
I love the fact it has the wetness line and it streches to actually hug the legs so no leak. May sound weird but I love the smell as well lol
We tried both Huggies and Costco-brand diapers before moving to Pampers Swaddlers. The Swaddlers are soft and gentle to a baby's skin. And, most-importantly, we had reduced blowouts.
Pampers Swaddlers are perfect because they are incredibly soft and absorb wetness. The wetness indicator is an added bonus that is so helpful to have!
We love pampers swaddlers in our home . My husband loves the wetness indicator . I love the great fit. They keep my daughter dry and at 7 months old we haven't had a leak yet ! Thanks for the great product !
these are great that they show wetness especially when you are keeping track those first few days. they never leak. love pampers.
From all pampers products this is the one i like the most
Pampers are truly the best diapers on the market! Pampers have kept my Little One dry throughout the night since day 1!

I have friends that use other diapers and their LO has blowouts all the time...that has not be the case for me! Thank you Pampers!
My baby girl had a few messy diapers. This product caught most of her mess when it got really bad. But overall the product itself is really nice. I don't have nothing to complain about. I love the diapers.
I'm a first time mom to a beautiful 8 week old baby girl. I started shopping for diapers way before she was born so I would have a nice stockpile. Of course, I bought pampers swaddlers because that's what most hospitals use and trust. I did the same and I'm so glad I did. There is nothing bad about these diapers except the huge size difference between newborn and size 1! So much bigger! Anyway, I love pampers and won't be purchasing anything else. I have tried a few other brands and they just didn't compare. Pampers is worth the money. My baby has never had a rash from pampers either. I'm one happy mommy!
these are by far my favorite for when my daughter was younger. we mainly cloth diaper but need the convience of disposable at times
I absolutely love these! they worked great on my son as a baby, never a leak!
When my son was born I didnt use any other brand because Pampers is the best there is out there.
These diapers are so soft! I love the color strip in the front that lets you know if they are wet also!
Diaper pampers are awesome. They are very absorbent.
We love swaddlers! We have been using them since our LO was a preemie. We call them her day diapers.The other brands she either leaked right through them or it did not absorb at all. The preemies were so cute and fit so well. Our LO is now size 2 (finally) and the product is still amazing.
These are amazing but my toddler can easily remove these. She has been wearing these since she was born. I wish they had these in a slip on like huggies do in a size 3. The wetness indicator would be a great potty training tool.
I absolutely love these diapers! I am so happy they are available in many sizes so they are able to be worn by our granddaughter as she grows!
When I was given my baby showers, I requested diapers. From what I had heard from other mom's Pampers were the way to go. So, I ran with their advice. Any brand other than Pampers were sent right back to the store. Pampers Swaddlers are so soft and hold in the biggest mess. They also don't hold in heat which is great for my baby girls heat sensitive bottom. She rarely gets a diaper rash with these diapers!!
Love the fit and the line that changes color when wet.
My son has used Pampers Swaddlers since birth. We have used competitor products, but keep coming back to these. I don't like to keep him in a wet diaper, but sometimes at night tend to fall asleep longer than we usually do, and he has never had any blowouts or leaks in the Swaddlers. I love that when he was a Newborn the pampers could literally show me if he needed a diaper change. Now I can tell, but do like that he still has the strip indicator on his size 2s just in case.
I love this product! They fit amazing on my baby. They are so soft, so I really approve of this amazing product. I don't use anything but pampers! Love Love Love!!
love these!! they are definitely my favorite diapers!
Best fitting diaper. No leaks. My baby can go all night with same diper and still wake up without leaks. Absorbancy keeps from getting diper rash. Love the line that changes color when diper is wet. Overall the best diaper on the market!
MY FAVORITE DIAPERS EVER! I will never choose another brand other than pampers.
Only diapers my daughter can use without getting a rash. She has very sensitive skin. Great fit, appearance and absorbency.
This is the best diaper we bought for our baby. I have tried many other brands, but kept on coming back to pampers, especially the Swaddlers version. It is the softest on baby skin and never leave a mark on her skin. Though it seem to hold less compared to Pampers Dry, still its worth for the material
I would recommend pamper swaddlers to anyone including first time moms! They are easy to adjust to the right size. The line indicates when wet or dry which helps keep baby and mom happy. I love them!
I don't know how anyone thinks they are saving money buying any other diapers! Pampers are far superior. My daughter has yet to have a 'blowout'. We have tried other brands that we received as gifts and end up giving them away. Pampers are the only way to go!
Only diapers that prevents blow outs! Love the wetness indicator as well
I'm very please with Pampers! Love how they absorb wetness away from my baby. I would for sure recommend Pamper diapers to anyone. Great price and product.
I love Pampers Swaddlers. Perfect for newborns. Super absorbent.
I really love these diapers, they are very absorbant and they have a great fit no matter if your baby has thin or chuky legs. The diaper feels cloth like, better than other diapers that feel like plastic or paper. I would recommend Pampers Swaddlers!
I've used nothing but pampers diapers and wipes on my son since the day he was born, 1.5 years ago.. I was completely excited when they expanded their swaddlers to size 4 & 5..
I recommend Pampers to any new parents..
I love pampers swaddlers. I will buy them when they are on sale and I have a coupon. I used Pampers years ago with my first and now with my second child. They are great for keeping him comfortable at night.
The absorbency and dryness of this product is great. I have three kids and pampers is only brand i buy. I love their products. They can last a great deal if time.
Works great for my babies and I would containue use pamper brands
I love Pampers products. I've used them for both of my kids and no other diaper brand compares. They're the only kind I've found that does not leak!
My favorite diaper since day one. Great sizing, great dryness
these diapers are amazing i LOVE them. i have tried three different brands and i am most satisfied with Pampers swaddlers!
Swaddlers are great diapers. The most amazing part is not only the softness and ability to not leak and keep the baby dry, but these diapers have a color changing line to notify you when the baby is wet. Having that makes it easy to know when the baby is wet.
Our twin girls were born 10 weeks premature. Once they were big enough for preemie/newborn diapers is when we were introduced to pampers swaddlers.
As they are nearing size 2 diapers, pampers are still our diaper of choice. Great absorbency, fit, and love the wet indicator.
These are my favorite diapers. They fit my daughter great, we have never had a blow out.
I really enjoyed the swaddlers when our son was a newborn. They were soft and kept his skin very dry. The dryness was important because he has very sensitive skin.
The wet indicator was handy for a new daddy learning when the baby was wet. Overall we were very happy with the swaddler diapers.
I've always have and always will love these diapers I've never had any leaks with diaper unlike other brands
We really enjoyed the comfort in knowing that hospitals recommend this brand and that it was healthy and safe for our new baby girl.
Pampers work well to keep my babies dry overnight. Don't have to worry about leaking.
These arecway better than huggies diapers for newborns. They fit way better.
We have used Swaddlers on both of our sons and the quality has always been the same. They are very absorbent and fit great, without anything leaking out. The liner is nice because it does separate some of the waste from the baby, but it does tend to stick to the skin a little bit. Overall, it's a great product and I would recommend them to anyone!
I began using the pampers swaddled the day my daughter was born. The quality of the diapers are excellent. I love that they kept my daughter dry and did not leak. My husband loves the wetness indicator line because he says sometimes it's hard for him to feel if she is wet.
Fit better, worked well. No leaks. Got a pack as a gift and will definitely continue with this product.
As a new mom, I have tried pretty much every kind of diaper there is and I have to say that Pampers Swaddlers are hands down my favorite. My son has peed out of diapers through out the night but has never peed out of these!! and they are so soft and dont give him any rashes!
These were the first diapers my son wore and I can't think of using any other kind! They were super absorbent and kept him dry. As a new mom, I also find the wetness indicator to be a great help!
We only use Pampers with our baby. They are the only ones that fit him well and don't leak. We even started buying the nighttime diapers.
Excellent fit. Baby has never leaked. They are also very soft.
Good protection from newborn to active babies. These are very soft and comfortable to my baby.
These are my favorite diapers for my preemie baby!
i love pampers swaddlers! they fit my son perfectly. and they really help his father figure out when hes peed his diaper!
For both of my son's I used pampers and they were just amazing! I am now having a daughter and plan to use them again. They fit pretty well and absorb like no other!
We love Pampers swaddles. We use this when baby first born in hospital. It keeps dry and it is comfortable. For our parents, we love the line that shows whether the diaper is wet or not.
These are the best diapers for my daughter, they fit her perfectly and never leak at all. We tried almost every brand so far and we have decided Pampers are definitely our go to brand. The swaddlers are a really good value and everytime we buy these I can rest easy knowing that my daughter is comfortable.
I was given the swaddlers diapers as a baby shower gift. This is my first child and I had no idea even how the sticky tabs worked at first(went thru a couple) but figured it out. I absolutely love the wetness indicator. I was very happy with the quality vs. store brands that we had also got as a gift. Had a few blowouts in the store brands. The swaddlers, not as much, more that we had not put the diaper on tight enough, etc. I am also very happy since my 7 week old could sleep through the night in these diapers vs. the store brands she would wake up and be wet/dirty beyond the diaper. Great products. Thanks from a first time mommy.
This is the first pamper I used for my newborn so I don't have anything to compare it to. The strip that turns blue when wet is perfect for newborns because you can't always tell when they are wet or not. Everything stays inside if you put it on correctly.
I'm using this diapers for my son from 22 months and i tried all the sizes from new born to size3. great quality and great comfort.. will definately recommend
We tried all kinds of diapers when our son was born and came back to swaddlers because they were the ONLY ones that didnt leak! Definitely our go to.
My whole family been using swaddlers for their kids for the past 10yrs. Best diapers out there, love them.
Highly recommend these diapers and overall this brand is great.
These are for sure the best to hold in the messes and are nice and snug!
My sister in law uses cloth diapers and was looking for a great alternative for when she was away from home (and laundry services!)
She tried SEVERAL different brands, and all were sub-par compared to the cloth. Then, I got her to try swaddlers.
No more blow outs, no more rashes, easy to read indicator line....
We found these comparable to cloth in absorbancy, and even better in the "ease of use" category. Love these!!!
I am sooo glad they come in bigger sizes now. I still use the diapers with my 14 month old. I love them. They are soft and great at holding in messes.
They fit well and are absorbing. We only had a few blowouts depending how she was laying.
Swaddlers are good quality diapers. Baby stays dry and it's easy to know when to change thanks to the wetness indicator.
Very satisfied with the swaddler diapers. Would definitely purchase more in the future.
With having my first child I was unsure of what diapers to use. I've tried other brands but Pampers is my all time favorite and I wont use any other type now.
Is able to handle overnight without spilling& fits great! The indicator is a definite plus!
Swaddlers were a favorite when my daughter was a newborn. They are very soft.
These are the best diapers I have tried so far and I have tried few of them before. I really recommend to buy the swaddlers.
I liked swaddlers far beyond any other diaper. They are soft and never gave my son problems.
I love this pamper. It has the right fit and no leaks!
The one and only diaper I learned to trust and feel comfortable with its absorbency if I forgot the diaper bag home and took a little while before I made it back. Never leaked and the clothes always smelled good as new after changing the diaper. Unlike other diapers I was offered to try, even if it doesn't leak, the clothes always smelled as if it did. I honestly love pampers swaddlers.
I love this product. Very good absorbency and the wetness indicator its perfect and usefull in a day out.
These are great diapers, rarely have we had them leak. Their only downside is that they seem to get full and droopy quickly
The best so far. After them I use Cruisers. But Swaddlers are great
I try to always use swaddlers. They are a really good fit for my son. They are the best diapers I have used, and I've tried all the name brands. I think swaddlers absorb better than most.
I love this diaper. I've been using Pampers Swaddlers since my daughter was born and I will continue to use them until she is potty trained.
These pamper swadlers are literally the best ever! They absorb everything and I love that they don't leak out like huggie diapers do. I will defiantly stick to the pamper brand for my baby! I've recomended then to other future moms as well!
Great quality and perfect fit with comfort.i recommend this to everybody
These were the ONLY diapers we found that our little girl could go all night (11+ hrs) in without having to change pajamas and sheets in the middle of the night!
Best diapers available...we refuse to use anything else!!
The hospital sent us home with Pampers, but after coming home we continue to buy pampers. The diapers are always so soft and take great care of my babies.
Love the newborn diapers! They were a perfect size for my newborn, who was on the small size. The blue line is great to show when they are wet. Ended up using the newborn size for the first seven weeks. Now we have moved up to the size one. Went through almost 80 diapers a week, so it is a great price for the pampers brand. The newborn diapers are the best, we tried other brands and they leaked.
I love Pampers. They fit perfect. Never have issues of leaks with my daughter
We are definitely a Pampers family. All 3 of my boys have worn pampers and we have tried them all. By far the Swaddlers are our favorite. They are soft, fit great and the wetness indicator is awesome. I would recommend this diaper to anyone who is having a baby.
We love pampers swaddlers. It has been the only diaper that keeps my babies bowel movements where it belongs. I hated having to shower her every time we used other brands due to blowouts. We have a very happy baby wearing pampers swaddlers.
Excellent quality. Loved the wetness indicator, made keeping my baby dry easy.
I have always used pampers from my daughter who is now 17. And now with my new baby who is now 1
First time mom and I love pampers swaddlers. Definitely a great product for newborns.
Have loved this product since day one. Have used it on both of my girls. I have chosen this product over Huggies any day as well as convienced my sister in law as well it's better then Huggies.
I always use pampers diapers. It's the only diaper I ever use. I used them for my daughter and I'm using them for my son now!
I love pampers. They are great diapers. They are the most absorbent diaper I have used. Great for any occasion. And the fit is awesome
These diapers are so much better than Huggies. We had several problem with leaks using Huggies and have had no problem with Pampers!
My daughter has preferred these diapers since day one. They fit her slim figure when she was first born, and her chunky cute figure now. Tried huggies and they were awful. Will always purchase pampers.
We have been using Swaddlers since day one and we are so pleased with the quality! Nothing but Pampers for our baby!
does job well, good absorbancy and no issues from my baby.
We have tried different diapers, but this is by far the best. Tyler loves it too!
Amazing, that is the word to describe this product.
I would never use any other diaper than Pampers Swaddlers.
I love pampers swaddlers. Excellent absorbency, gentle on skin, fresh scent and a wetness strip on the front so you don't have to open the diaper to check! I definitely recommend pampers swaddlers over any other diaper or brand!
Tried a different brand; we switched back to Pampers.
I absolutely LOVE Pampers Swaddlers! I am beyond excited to see they are now making them up to size 5! I will be purchasing these and only these for my son!
What I like most about the swaddlers is their super absorbency. They really he'll keep my 9 month old very dry and diaper rash from wetness has not been an issue. I wish they were a little more fitted, with a better elastic band around the waist, as large diapers have sometimes leaked. I was very disappointed about the numbers of diapers being decreases in the packages, but the price staying the same; in the jumbo boxes, it can be a difference of 25-30 diapers. That is a big difference. Overall, I love the swaddlers And have used them since my son was a newborn.
I have always been a pampers mom with all 3 of my kids. From diapers to wipes to the kandoo wipes and everything else. I absolutely recommend any mom (or dad) to use pampers!
I have used the swaddlers from the time my daughter was born til now. They work great she has no leaks compared to huggies and luvs. Also the indicator it awesome because it lets me know when she is wet and needs a change.
I used to work in Daycare and experienced all brands of diapers- Swaddlers was by far my favorite and best for the quality and softness! When I had my own children, there was no doubt in my mind I would be buying Pampers Swaddlers- I am so happy they now have them in the bigger sizes as well- not just for smaller babies. I did wish they were a little cheaper but you know the saying : you get what you pay for- I still think they are worth it!
My son is 4.5 months. I did try Huggies. He was allergic to and it not absorbed like Pampers.
Swaddlers Are by far the best diaper! Will use them for every baby I have! Sons been using them since the day he was born!
Many other brands leak and make elastic marks on our little one, but Pampers Swaddlers fit great! No more getting peed on!
We've never really had an issue with these diapers. I find them great for both girls and boys.
No leaks, I have tried other brands on my daughter but none can satisfy me like pampers. More absorbable than
others, I also like the color changing line that let's you know when diaper is wet. You don't have to go digging inside your baby's diaper to find out if she dry or not. I recommend this brand, I give it a A+
I've used these diapers for my son since day one and love them! They fit him the best and we never have leaks.
Love this diaper for my newborn. It was best for no leaks of any kind.
Our baby only wears swaddlers. After trying another brand we immediately knew that we were going to stick to pampers swaddlers because they are cut a bit larger, offer more protection against wetness, and are super soft.
I love the fit and hold of pampers over other brans
We have always had a great fit and excellent quality when we used pampers. The fit is superior to other brands that we have tried.
Overall, great quality diapers. It's the only diaper my son can use since any other brand seems to irritate and cause some pretty severe rashes. I love that this is geared towards kids with sensitive skin.
I have tried other brands and they do not measure up to Pampers quality!
Swaddler are the best! They help new dads to recognize when the diaper needs to be changed!
I am a first time mom and was initially drawn to pampers swaddlers because they are advertised as the number 1 choice in hospitals. I have been fully satisified with my choice. The wetness indicator takes the guess work out of diaper changes. My baby sleeps 10 hours at night and wakes up with a wet diaper but dry skin. He's had a handful of blow-outs but these diapers do a great job of containing a mess. I would definitely recommend to a friend.
We've used these since our son was born and they've been great. We use the sensitive brand and while we tried other brands like huggies and Kirkland, they don't compare to the quality we get from Pampers.
Love pampers use them on new baby and also used them 8 yrs ago on my first born won't use anything else
We were having a hard time finding a diaper that would fit our baby boy and not leak. Pampers Swaddlers were that diaper! They have good absorbency as well a great fit. I would definitely recommend this diaper to any mom.
I am an avid pampers shopper. I only use pampers products for my children. baby dry is deffinately my most favorite so far.
I used these diapers with both of my girls and definitely preferred them to others I tried. They're as soft as fabric so I didn't worry about them irritating my daughter's sensitive skin and they kept her very dry, which was really important as well. I also loved the wetness indicator - that's so handy!
I used Swaddlers for both of my children! I never had any leaks, which is awesome when you are already doing so much! I love Swaddlers and recommend them to everyone I know!
I'm a first time mom and tried many different brands. Pampers were the best, especially the wipes! Way better than the competition!
The best thing about the Swaddlers is the wetness indicator, it comes in real handy!
Great product! We have been using this product for four months now and we haven't had a problem. We even started with premie size diapers! I had tried other products and I went thru more diapers and change of cloths then I ever wanted to. Keep up the good work pampers!
Great! Only diaper she can wear at night without leaking. Fits well.
Like any new mom I had no idea which diaper would work best. Pampers is the only diaper to competently keep my daughter dry and diaper rash free!
We have used Pampers for most of my 4 month old's diapering needs since birth and both mommy & daddy and baby are all pleased with the results!
Have only used pamper since birth of my daughter, now she is 3. But never had leaks or trouble with swaddled. Would recommend to all expecting parents or parents of little ones!
I have been using pamper for a little over two years and I lobe them. They have good quality, my babies can sleep thur the night and the crib dont get wet! I highly recommend them
Overall wonderful!!!! I've tried other brands & the absorbency is horrible and she leaked through. I went right back to Pampers after 1 day!!!!!!
I love the pampers swaddlers and really like that they have the wetness indicator!
I have used pampers with all three of my children. When I was recommended to register for Pampers Swaddlers I said, "Absolutely!" Even at 6 pounds at birth these fit perfect. As my daughter has grown and slept longer at night, she has no leaks. With the special absorbency lining she even feels dry to the touch. We were given other brands of diapers as gifts but we have tried them and decided to give them away. I have several friends that are new moms and I always recommend, if I don't just go out and buy them Pampers Swaddlers. Only the best for my babies!
Pampers is the best brand, I don't use anything other than pampers!
I only buy pamper swaddlers now .i tried one other brand and went right back to swaddlers.my daughter can sleep in them all night without leakage.
I only buy pampers! The fit is great and the sensitive wipes are great. Highly recommend this brand!
I love all of the Pampers diapers and Wipes. They are the only diapers that I use.
I am a brand new mom, so I don't have much experience. But, everyone I asked recommended Pampers Swaddlers to me. I have been using them for two months now, and they are great! Our daughter started in the newborn sizes and recently graduated to size ones. They hold in her explosive messes and her bottom seems to be enjoying the absorbent lining because she has been rash free! I will continue to use these diapers as long as they continue to be available in a
size that fits as she grows!
These diapers work great for my 6 week old. Unlike some other brands we tried, they fit well & don't leak. Also, the line indicator turns bright blue letting you know when your child has to be changed (some other brands we tried only have a slight color change, which made me unsure if my son needed a change)
I have used Pampers products on both of my children. I switched to another leading brand but immediately switched back to Pampers since my oldest leaked right through the competing brand, Pampers offers great leakage protection and different styles of diaper to choose from.
I will only use pampers swaddlers. They are the only diaper that does not make my daughter break out in a rash. They don't leak over night either.
Our baby was in Swaddlers in the NICU and wore them until we switched to Cruisers. They are the only brand of diaper that she has never gave her an allergic reaction. Our little girl will wear Pampers until she is potty trained.
I love the way it has the wet indicator, and the way it fits my son.
My son is potty trained during the day but still was wearing a diaper at night - he is next to impossible to wake up at night to get him to use the bathroom so these have made our mornings much better with dry sheets!
The leading competitor's diapers leaked each time tried them. We rarely have leakage problems with pampers and even without the overnight diapers she's comfortable through the night.
My son thinks other diapers and pullups are scratchy!
Love using pampers diapers for my baby girl. My go to choice for diapers. Great fit, leak guard, and very affordable for my family.
Everyone went on and on to me about how wonderful Huggies diapers were. Now that my baby is here I see how wrong they were! Pampers is a way better diaper! No leaks, they absorb great, and they have a good fit. Love PaMpers!
I have a toddler and an infant who use Pampers and have been pleased with these products from the start. Always keeping my babies dry!
Overall I give this diaper 5 stars. I had little to no leaks with both my babies in comparison to the competition. I am very happy with them.
Pampers has always provided good products. I have had 2 children and Pampers was our choice of diapers and wipes for both of our children.
I have been using this product since my first born was a NB and didnt get any rash from it.
We tried store brand versions of newborn diapers and quickly went back to Pampers swaddlers. The store brand diapers were not soft, didn't prevent leaks or cover odor. We only used them at home until we were out of them. You simply get what you pay for. Pampers is the only brand we will buy and still use Pampers Cruisers for our little guy now. I will say he does seem to need a size bigger before he meets the max size range but other than that I have no complaints.
We prefer the swaddlers. Tried a few other brands as well as other pampers products and we just prefer the swaddlers. The wetness indicator is a huge help, they're soft, keep our baby dry and we don't have a ton of blow-outs.
Ever since my son was born and was preemie he was in pampers swaddlers and he is now in a size 3 and still in swaddlers and use pampers sensitive wipes & I recommend pampers to everyone I know that has baby's!
Pampers swaddlers diapers keep babys bottom dry! No rashes ever developed on my babys skin. Great Diapers.
Pampers Sensitive Skin Baby Wipes have been the only wipes I have EVER used for either of my children. I have counted not them for over six years! Not only are they mild on a Newborn's super sensitive diaper areas, they are excellent for removing small messes and dirt from other areas such as dirt and especially spaghetti sauce from small fingers and little faces. Since they have NO Alcohol, you can count on them NOT to dry out your baby's skin, and the fact that they are unscented is even better for children with skin allergies. My children and I are very sensitive to both textures and scents, so this product is the only one I would ever recommend purchasing!
Was introduced firsthand with Pampers in the NICU with our twins and have continued with them since we have been home. Excellent product!!!
I love using Pampers. That is the only kind I will buy from here on out. And I never have to worry about them leaking!!
Used size n to 3. Excellent. Would highly recommend. The softest.
My husband and I like the wetness indicator and scent of these diapers. My little one appreciates the softness and absorbency of these diapers. We did not have any diaper blow outs with these either.
My 2 year old son never had a single leak in the whole 2 yeasts he has been using Pampers!
Pampers are far and away the best diapers out in the market!! My twin boys never have leaks that I have experienced with other brands!! I would always recommend pampers!!!
love the swaddles, so glad they now come in larger sizes.
Keeps her dry throughout the night with no leaking!
Pampers are the best product out there for kids. Love, love pampers. I have tried other product, but always gives my child a rash, so I pick pampers forever!
Being a first time mom, I didn't think there was much of a difference between diapers...boy was I wrong! I only use Pampers, even though they're a little more expensive, I guess you get what you pay for. The Pampers are soft for my babies new skin, they fit well, and I love the color changing line to show wetness. My baby girl is heading to a size 3 now and I will continue to only use Pampers on her.
I absolutely love Pampers Swaddlers! I would recommend using each size diaper to every parent as their baby grows.
I loved the swaddler diapers when my son was an infant. The wetness indicator was great so that we knew when he was wet without having to take off his diaper completely. I never had any issues with leaking or unintentional tearing of the diaper. Overall they were a great diaper for our son when he was an infant!
I will only use pamper products. Never had one bad thing to say about there products. Best fit, and absorbency!!
Pampers swaddlers are the only diapers I will use on my little one. I have tried other ones and was not pleased. These fit nice and snug and my little one is a kicker! Moves around so much and I never have any leaks! Will never switch to another brand.
These diapers are the best on the market. I have four children and I was so excited, now with my youngest, that swaddlers are available all the way to size five. I definitely think they are worth the money with how gentle they are on my babies skin.
Pampers swaddlers have a great fit. They keep my son's skin dry and intact.
I run an in-home childcare and parents are always asking which diaper I like best and why. I always recommend Pampers for the absorbency, dryness and overall quality. While all children at one point or another have those blow-out diapers, I find Pampers withstand the blow-outs the best. I purchase them for my niece and nothing else. Her mother loves the wetness indicator but I love the overall quality.
We've been using swaddler since day one and our little one has stayed dry and happy through out.
Our daughter was a premie born seven weeks early and the NICU used Pampers diapers and we continued the trend after leaving the hospital. They fit her perfectly and we never had an issue with dryness!
Awesome diapers! They have the most absorbency I have ever seen. Super cute designs along with snug, but comfortable fit make this diaper my preferred diaper!
The only diaper I use and will always use for my little one.
I love pampers. They a little pricey, but i get great quality so am always willing to spend the extra buck.
My son is still using Pampers only after 2 years. Though we are getting really good at using the potty during the day, he is still wearing pamper cruisers at night. We never have leakage and the fit has been great no matter how much he grows! I would absolutely recommended pampers to every parent out there!
Both my boys wore the good nites. Only "pull up" that kept them dry 5-6 nights a week.
I have used Pampers diapers for all three of my sons and I love them! No complaints. They work!
I have been very pleased with pampers swaddlers. They fit well, absorb nicely and are sensitive on the skin.
Great diapers. They fit wonderful and are perfect for bed time.
When I had my baby girl I wasn't expecting a 5 lb baby. The hospital gave us preemie diapers of a different brand and they just didn't fit as well as pampers! Pampers preemie diapers not only fit her better but kept her dry and leak free. We love pampers!
I really like the Swaddlers for my newborn. They are so soft, yet they fit so well. They have never leaked.
I highly recommend them.
huggies gave us diaper rash, pampers is nice and soft and keeps us dry
Swaddlers are my favorite diapers to use. I'm so glad they now have them in bigger sizes. I use to like the cruisers but lately anymore they seem to be more problems if anything!!!
I absolutely love pampers. I tried other brands but always found my way back to pampers.
I used swaddlers for my first son and now for our 2nd son. I have always loved Pampers and they were the only diaper that we preffered over others. I have purchased the size 5 swaddlers for my son but prefer them more for the newborn state. He tends to leak thru the swaddlers overnight.
I love pampers swaddlers. My son does not get any type of rash. They are also cute
Pampers swaddler is so far the best diaper i had. though it's a little more exp than other brands, it's softer on babies skin and hold the urine for a long time without leaking , and still keep the dryness. also swadller will spread the urine to the whole pad, while other diapers like baby dry, alway have a big bump at where the urine is, other than spread it evenly along the pad.
With my first child, I tried all sorts of diapers but the swaddlers seemed to be the most gentle on my baby's skin. He seemed never to have diaper rash. And I love the lining that pulls moisture away from his skin. These diapers were by far the best for my sweet little angel.
I loved that they finally decided to make bigger sizes!
I had a skinny little girl and Pampers swaddlers were the only ones that fit snugly around her tiny legs and didn't leak. She can go 8 hours at night wearing the same diaper and it does not irritate her.
The newborn notch is great so you don't have to fold the diaper over to protect the umbilical cord stump. Also the fact that you can just take a peek at the wetness indicator and not have to take off the whole diaper to check for wetness is so handy so you don't have to wake your sleeping baby!
As new parents, my husband and I love pampers swaddlers! Gentle for our baby boy and indicators for us! Although my husband initially wanted to use another less expensive brand, once we tested multiple diapers, the swaddled were a clear winner.
Best diaper I've used! Keeps baby dry and I really like the wet/dry indicator stripe.
my sweet girl is always on the move, and so many other diapers leaked through onto her clothing! pampers swaddles have been the best for us because she never has leaks with these diapers and stays dry through the night!
Tried other brands but preferred pampers. Excellent fit and no leaking
Great absorbency and fit. Love the wetness indication line. I would recomend this product to everyone,. I also enjoy the pleasant scent that these have. So glad these now come in bigger sizes also.
They are great for babies with sensitive skin! Would recommend to all parents.
Wetness indicator reminds me when to change the diaper. No diaper rash so far. Size perfectly fit on my petite baby. Soft enough that won't hurt my baby's skin
We were started out on these diapers at the hospital when my son was born. Being a first time mother we had to give all the brands a try. After straying for months we came to the conclusion that no other diaper fits him better and is more absorbent than this diaper. With the other diapers we tried there would be blow out after blow out. After ruining a lot of good white clothes and many sheet changes we decided that these are the diapers for us. The only con I have is that they are more expensive than other diapers. However the reason that they cost so much is justified in the fact that they work! No more ruined whites.
Pampers baby dry is the best diaper thus far I've tried on my baby girl. The absorbency is magnificent compared to huggies. Baby dry pampers fit perfectly on my baby. I've tried many diaper brands but pampers is the only brand I'm 100% satisfied with and I'm pretty sure that if my baby would be able to speak right now she will agree as well :-)
My daughter wears the Swaddlers diapers from Pampers ... they're great! They not only have the wetness indicator to easily tell when she's wet ... but they fit her great - which means no leaks!
I absolutely love the swaddled diapers on my baby during the day! They move with her and keep her dry. The softness is great on her skin! These are the most amazing diapers ever.
As a first time parents I love pampers! Thank god I listen to my sister.
Love the pampers brand for my baby. Hold more today
Great product for your newborn. Love the absorbency of this diaper, the color changing wetness indicator & umbilical cord notch (especially useful to a new parent). I Highly recommend this product!
I must admit at first the price was a little much but once I tried a different brand I realized pampers were well worth the few extra dollars I've never had a leak (well except for when his ones got a little small) or a blow out. And the wetness indicator along with the great absorbency power never let a diaper go to waste. This is my first child and I can say pampers are my forever brand!
Our little boy hates being wet. Having the wetness indicator has been great to see if he really needs to be changed. I definitely prefer these diapers over the other brands I have tried.
The quality of Pampers Swaddlers is unlike any other diaper I have used. They are soft and keep my baby dry all night long.
Great absorbency and fit. Best quality. It feels soft and comfortable for baby. Does not leave any marks.
these diapers are awesome!!! You'll love the softness!
Love this product. It has met all my needs. Ive never had a bad diaper experience.
These diapers are especially the best for the newbies! They're the softest, and extremely good quality.
These diapers are amazing especially for little boys. they NEVER leak and do not cause diaper rash. I especially like how they have the cut out for the umbilical cord before it falls out and my husband loves how the line turns a different color to now when its full. We don't buy any diapers but these.
I love pampers products - they are all I buy for my 6 month old son. Swaddlers keep him dry all night - even if he sleeps for 10+ hours. I also love the wetness indicator that let's me know when my son needs a change. I highly recommend these diapers.
My daughter has sensitive skin and these are by far the best diapers for her. We tried another brand and they only lasted for one single diaper. We will never use anything else.
Pampers Swaddlers are our favorite diaper. They are soft against the baby's skin, but very absorbent so they keep the baby dry. Pampers Swaddlers even smell fresh and clean. Each of our babies would give these diapers two thumbs up!
I like the way Pampers are so absorbent. My baby is now sleeping thru the entire night and her diaper holds up so well!!...even after drinking an entire bottle before going to bed.
Very durable my husband for got to change diaper at 7 pm when our son goes to bed and I woke up at 6am next morning and was super full to the max but didn't leak at all, amazing diapers
Super soft, good fit and love that they still fit my 13 month old. Not great for nighttime though as the do have a tendency to leak now that she is older. Were great with absorbency when she was younger though!
I love these diapers. They are good fitting and absorbent and have worked great for my son since birth (now 10 months). We have also tried other brands and have found nothing else compares!
These are my favorite diapers to use for my newborns. They are soft and I like the little mesh net they have. I haven't used them for my older kids once they're no longer NB. I move onto the baby dry.
My baby has used pampers swaddlers since she was born. They are the best and seem to fit just right and very soft and comfortable. :)
These diapers have been the only ones we use with my son! They are great to keep him dry, comfortable, and are always on sale somewhere. My husband and I will always use pampers for our babies!
I've tried every brand of diaper, and I come back to Pampers every time. They're the only brand that is leak-proof for my boys, and they last all night.
Only diapers I use! I have tried Luvs and Huggies but Pampers Swaddlers are the only one that do not leak.
We have used pampers since my son was born and they are by far the best quality diaper around.
We (my husband and I ) use the pampers wipes and diapers and we both agree that pampers' products are amazing. We especially, love the wetness indicating strip located on the diapers. That strip lets us know when our baby boy has gone without having to undress him all the way to check. As for the baby wipes, they are very absorbant. I would recommend pampers' products to any new parent because we love their products. It's also great that pampers offer a point reward system to earn prizes. We know that pampers is the right choice for our new and growing family.
My son is 8 months and in stage 2 swaddlers. I haven't had any issues with leakage,
I have used pampers diapers since the first day he was born. They are always so comfortable and absorb a lot. I cant' use any other brand as I don't feel they meet the expectations I have like Pampers does. I will use Pampers for as long as they are around.
All we use are pampers swaddlers! We've tried other brands and they just don't compare!
Always found this product to be excellent for dryness and fit! Love it, use it and totally recommend it!
I used these diapers on my baby and they kept him really dry and I appreciated the dry/wet line on the diaper. They fit so well and we never had a problem with leakage!
I definitely prefer pampers over any other diaper brand!!!!! They are perfect for my 4 month old little guy!!!!
I love the pampers swaddler diapers...especially the leak indicator so I know when the diaper is soaky, they are absorbent and long lasting for those nights that are full of exhaustion and tiredness.
Love it so much totally love pamper and it's new look and just the over all quality !!!!
With two kids I need a diaper that will hold up and pampers so just that! Especially night time diapers
They come with more diapers last long and my daughter loves them!
The absorbancy, excellent. And wetness indicator is a bonus.
I love pampers!! How soft it feels!!! When it gets wet it's soft and it won't give baby diaper rash! My boys love it!!
These are amazing diapers definitely my favorite ones out of all of the different kinds!
help him sleep thorugh the nght with out he wet full filling that comes from a damo diper.
After trying many diapers I would not trust my baby's bottom to any other then Pampers Swaddlers. They give me peace of mind knowing my baby is dry and comfortable.
My son used swaddled since the day he was born up to size 2. He recently started using then again since now bigger sizes are offered.
The diaper is wonderful very absorbent, a great fit, and it kept our little one dry even through the night.
My family is a big fan of Pampers Swaddlers. I love that Pampers is a trusted brand and provides great protection. They diapers rarely leak like I've had with other brands. I love the softness. All around Pampers really provides me with comfort that I am giving my child the best.
During the day my baby wears pampers swaddled, but at night she wears baby dry. If I forget to put the baby dry diaper on her she doesn't sleep all night thank you for keeping her dry enough all night so that she doesn't wake up and mommy gets sleep!!
I love all pampers diapers. The swaddlers were my favorite from newborn to 7 months. They fit well and have great absorbancy. I would definetly reccomend them to someone else.
I think pampers swaddler is best diaper. It fits well and soft.
These diapers are hands down the best! We love them and they are the only diapers we use! My baby has never had diaper rash at all. These diapers are worth the money! We are diaper snobs!
And that includes diapers!! Some brands smell like urine when wet. Others leak and don't provide the protection pampers does and most importantly the liner actually provides a barrier that keeps the bottom drier than most which helps prevent diaper rashes!!!
Been a while since I been using papers but love the product
I love pampers they have been my go to diaper for past 3 years! No leaks ever and fit like a glove!
I used many different brands of diapers and pampers are defiantly the best out there..
I was given other brands of diapers at my baby shower and was very disappointed. Each time I used a non-pamper diaper, my baby woke up for her nap all wet. I only buy/use Pampers diapers and have thrown away the others. Pampers is the only brand I trust to keep my baby dry.
Love that they're in bigger sizes..been using this kind for my son
Great quality and super absorbency. I love pampers swaddlers as they have an indicator and it is very helpful without actual removing it.
I love Pampers Swaddlers especially now that they go up to a higher size. My baby is chubby and I love that I can get it for her in the size she needs. My only complain is that they don't keep back blow outs from happening like some other brands.
Pampers are my favorite diaper brand. I have tried others and not satisfy with them. I love how pampers have the indicator stripe also.
Loved the swaddlers and the baby dry. They are the only diapers we use. Wipes also.
Wouldn't use anything else. My all time favorite was the line on them.
I have used these diapers since my LO was born. I was looking to save a penny or two per diaper on a recent shopping trip, so I picked up another "top" brand. To my dismay, I ended up washing 2x the laundry because the other brand didn't hold up. Never will I make that mistake again!
I love pampers diapers! I also love that they offer dead lets up to size 5!
Pampers swaddlers are the most dependable pampers out there.
This diaper is so soft and never leaks. It never leaves any moisture behind.
I have been using pamper products for 4 years now. I started using them for my first child straight from the hospital. I have tried experimenting with others and I always go back to pampers.
Before my baby girl was born I decided to use Pampers Swaddlers. It was one of the easiest and greatest decisions I made as far as baby products goes. I love how soft they are on her skin and they truly do "swaddle" her. She has never leaked through these diapers. I imagine we'll be swaddling until she grows out of them! We're currently at 6 months (and size 3 diapers) and still going strong! I'd highly recommend them to any mom to be or someone looking to switch brands.
Swaddlers are the best diaper out there. I'm so glad they come in larger sizes now. They are perfect for newborns-the only ones my twin girls wore. We tried huggies in size 1 and I hated them in comparison to swaddlers.
Pampers Swaddlers are the best newborn size diaper. The hospital used them and I was given some as gifts. They are great! No leakage and a perfect fit!
I have to say, I'm on my 3rd baby and I've used Pampers for all 3 of my little ones. They've never let me down and I know they are a brand I can trust. I know they will keep my little ones comfortable and dry. Thank You Pampers for peace of mind!
These diapers were great! Super absorbant and I love the stripe to know when he was wet!
Pampers swaddlers are by far my favorite product! They never leak, they fit great, and they are super soft! My daughter is 2 and is still wearing them. I love that they make them in a size 5 now. Definitely worth the extra money!
I always use pamper products. They work great and very rarely leak.
Loved these with my daughter and son up through size 3. Glad to see that they are offering larger sizes now.
My favorite feature of the Swaddlers is the wet indicator. It's so nice to be able to just check to see if there's a blue line. Also takes the guess work out. I've used other brands and none make me feel as confident as Pampers.
These are definitely the softest diapers we've found.
My daughter and I love Pampers Swaddlers! They keep her dry and the fit is great!
Pampers Swaddlers definitely keep my baby dry. They always hold out over night! And they are soft like cloth!
I love pampers and would never buy a different brand for my baby. They fit great and are very absorbent. My baby can go all night without being changed.
This diaper is the only one that works for my baby that drinks like a camel ! She used to soak through with any other diaper, these are a lifesaver! Thanks Pampers awesome as usual!
We've tried so many other brands and just keep coming back to pampers! The other brands weren't as soft or as easy to get on. Love pampers!
We love the new swaddlers. My son never has leaks and they fit just right!!
Pampers swaddlers feel and smell great on my baby.
We recently had our 3rd baby. Pampers Swaddlers were our 1st pick for disposable diapers.
Pampers Dry or Swaddlers it does not matter as long as they are pampers they are my go because I know is well protected from "accidents." Now that she sleeps through the entire night the pampers absorbency is EXCELLENT! Not one accident since switching to pampers. Pampers may be pricy to others but I believe its is definitely worth buying.
Tried all types and these are the only ones that worked for all my sons needs
Pampers are by far my favorite diaper. I love the fit, the softness, and I had never had leakage like I do with other brands. They can sometimes be more expensive than other brands but I pay the extra for good quality. I am a loyal pampers buyer!
Pampers is the only brand I use because it's the only brand I trust. I've tried other brands that I received from my baby shower and ended up throwing away Huggies and Parents Choice. If you ever experience any type of issue, all you need to do is call and their customer service is amazing and will always take care of you!

Love Pampers:)
Pampers is the diaper we absolutely love... Recommend to everyone we know
When I had my second child, there was no doubt in my mind that I would be purchasing these "baby" diapers again. They are the cuddliest diapers a little one can have. Both of my children had extremely sensitive skin and these diapers were the only brand/type that did not irritate their soft skin. And the wet-mess indicator is a tired, exhausted mom's dream come true.
Love the sensitive products. Baby has never had diaper rash and is 1 yr old!
These keep my baby's skin dry, even through a nighttime diaper. They fit well, and I like that the cord cutout is available in the bigger sizes.
Being a new mom, I've shopped around a little bit and tried different diapers. These are the right fit and prevent leakage the best.
I'm on my 3rd and last child in diapers, have always used and trusted pampers products! I have never been more happy!
We have always bought pampers and never had a problem. I got other brands as gifts, and I would never choose to buy them.
Most dependable diaper only one I will use. Tried them all and by far pampers are the best all around.
Love pampers!!!! Keep up the great work!!!!!!!!!!!!!
No other brand even comes close! I use pampers swaddlers during the day for my infant and pampers baby dry every night. And pampers easy ups at night with my toddler! Never any leaks, i wouldnt trust any other brand like i trust pampers!!
they keep my baby from getting number too all over the place. I will continue using them better than huggies
We just love swaddlers! My son has been wearing swaddlers since birth! Hospital put them on my son size "newborn" and he still wears them now size 5" never have failed us, never had a diaper rash they are great!
I had already decided I wanted to use Swaddlers before our little one was born. We were given huggies and luvs as gifts at our shower, so I used them both to try and save a little cash. We are and will remain a swaddlers household. They are by far the best in our book.
We have been using Pampers Swaddlers since the day our son was born. They have great absorbency and I love the way they fit. The color changing indicator takes the guessing game out of is he wet or not and is such a great feature. I am always recommending them to our friends and new parents to be.
Fit our little girl extremely well, rarely have an issue with leakage and when it DOES happen, it's because she completely exploded out the back end... yep. Great diapers.
After experimenting with other brands, nothing was better than Pampers Swaddlers. The fit was perfect, and having a newborn, the umbilical cord cut out and wetness indicator was perfect. Now in size 1's, we still love the softness and comfort!
My son is now 21 months old and Pampers Swaddlers are the only diapers we use! We've tried others and nothing else compares! The softness, absorbency, and fit are second to none!
My child has skin sensitivity issues and these do not irritate her skin!
My baby is a month old and pampers are the ones diapers that she doesn't get a rash from. The diapers amaze me as to how much they can hold! The only down side is that my baby is in between sizes. I have her in newborn diapers still because the size 1 diapers are way too big.
When I first found out I was having a baby, my heart was set on Pampers from the very start! My baby is always comfortable when wearing Pampers! Even swaddlers are the best! No matter how she move, nothing leaks out! They don't dig into her skin. And my favorite part is there a yellow line on the diapers that turns blue to indicate that she wet and needs a change! My baby is always a happy baby in her Pampers! We love Pampers! <3
They fit my daughter very good, didn't have no problems.
Great product... Would appreciate more sales on the product. Also I was sad to see they lowered the amount of diapers in the boxes when the new packaging came out. Same price but less diapers:(
Very happy with the products..........highly recombined to everyone!
I have tried luvs and huggies. They have not satisfied me like pamper have.
I love the fit and the wetness indicator and the fit on the waist and legs my daughter couldnt use any other diapers besides these
Pampers seems to be best for our little guy. They have a great fit, and absorb a lot better than the store bought brands we have tried. I've tried quite a few brands to get a sense of what works best and I keep coming back to Pampers.
This is by far my favorite diaper to use with my son! It fits perfectly and it is so soft - just like a blanket! I love it!
Never had a problem with the absorbency unlike the other brands we've tried!
Pampers swaddlers have been the best fit that I found for my son. He was skinny and long and only the swaddlers fit him well enough to prevent leaks.
very absorbent, love the color indicators, it's the perfect way to tell if the diaper is wet without taking it off
Pampers swaddlers are definitely good for new moms because it has indicator to show the wetness of the diapers, which can help new mom to learn to handle the time required to change diapers, recommed this for all new moms.
Absorbs well. I have 2 kids and been very loyal to pampers. I've tried other brands but nothing compares, biggest issue with other brands is leaking. Very few times I had problems with leaks with pampers.
great quality as usual. great quality as usual. great quality as usual.
These diapers are great thanks to the umbilical cord notch and absorb wetness great. We love these for our twins and also used them for our eldest and now she is in Pampers Cruisers. We love Pampers!
I have used pampers swaddlers since day one! I love that they have an umbilical cord notch so we could avoid having to role down the front of the diaper, also I love that they have this on sizes N-2 because with a 9 lb baby we started in 1s! Another pro is the wetness line indicator, it is a huge help when checking my little ones diaper! I'm so glad they have swaddlers up to size 5!
I've been using this product for 2 years now, and they are simply the best. I personally like them for their comfort and strength.
Pampers swaddlers were the first diapers I used when my son was born and we love them. They're super absorbent and comfortable for baby. I did notice they run a little big and tend to gap in the back which often leads to " blow out diapers and leakage". Other then that there great.
I have used Pampers Swaddlers since my little one was born. They are the best out there.
I have used pampers since my son was born. They are the only diaper I trust. They keep him dry and he is comfortable in them
These wipes are the best I've ever used and I've tried them all! We always come back to pampers and wish we wouldn't of tried other brands.
We were so happy when Pampers extended the sizes in swaddlers! Only diapers that work for my girls!!
I bought Pampers Swaddlers because my sister used them with her 4 kids and loved them. We tried a couple different other brands as well just to see and went back to Pampers. They are worth the cost.
My daughter was born at 25 weeks and from the day she was born she has been using Pampers. Before she was born, I decided to stock up on diapers and purchased Huggies along with being given packages of Luvs. I ended up giving those diapers to friends because I only use Pampers. They fit my daughter nicely and she has never had any leakage with wearing them. I have been using Pampers Swaddlers on her and I only feel comfortable using that brand. I also have friends who only purchase Pampers so I must say that they are awesome and will recommend them to any expectant and new moms!
I've tried other brands but Pampers are the best and the Swaddlers line is so cozy and soft for my little one.
I asked all my mommy friends what brand of diapers should I buy and they ALL said Pampers! If that many of my friends agreed on one product then they couldn't be wrong. Needless to say I did go with Pampers and 7 months later me and my little boy are very happy with the choice. They seem comfy and fit him well not to mention awesome protection! Thanks Pampers for a great product!
Best diapers ever! Just wish it was less expensive.
Best diaper ever! absorption is awesome Will only buy pamper diapers
I love love love the swaddler diaper by pamper! The other diapers don't compare especially with the wet indicator. When my daughter has another pamper diaper on, it's hard to tell without putting my nose in the diaper to know for sure if she wet it. I am a dedicated swaddler mom!
Fit him perfectly and did not leak like other brands!
love how soft diapers are wipes are the best also soft cleans very well i would recommend this product definitely.
I love them and even my little one loves them!! We will tell everyone to choose these!
Pampers diapers are the only diapers that we've used on our newborn son. They are great diapers and I think they're worth the little bit of extra money.
I am a first time mom and tried several brands of diapers and pampers swaddlers are all I will use. They fit my baby well and keep him dry!
Pampers swaddlers are the best diapers compared to other brands
the only diaper where I don't have leaks, 3rd time user
Best diaper ever! i use pampers for both of my kids an they are the best.I Wouldn't change this with any other diapers.
I have used Pamper swaddlers since bringing my new baby home. (Nb, 1, 2) I have used other brands that were given as gifts, but think Pampers does a better job of being soft and fits good around my baby. Pampers also doesn't have a urine smell like other diapers do when they are wet which is a plus for me.
Pampers swaddlers never leaked and were always a great fit.
Great quality as expected from a name like Pampers
I won't use any other brand of diapers! They are the only ones that fit my son the best and they don't leak like all others.
My three month old daughter has used Pampers from day one. They are really absorbent and she hasn't has any problems with diaper rash. The night time diapers are really helpful to when we are trying to keep her asleep for longer periods if time.
My little boy is small for his age and I had trouble finding a diaper brand/style that would fit him in length but still fit snugly around his little waist. Pampers swaddlers do both and are soft and move with him, unlike some of the stiffer brands. This is the only style that fits him this comfortably.
We have two other children who are quite a but older, so choosing diapers for our newest addition was like starting from square one. We were given Pampers to use in the hospital and tried a few others at home during her first few weeks. None if the others had the same protection against leaks and wetness as Pampers. I don't think we will ever switch!
We love pamper swaddlers! Since my son has started sleeping through the night we change him right before bed and when we wake up he is still dry. I would recommend this product any day over the other brands.
I love Pampers diapers and have used them religiously for all 4 of my children but by far the Swaddlers are my favorite. They are softer than the cruisers and "cough cough Huggies" which makes them less irritating on my babies thighs. I was so excited when they came out with the larger sizes (they use to only come in size 1 and smaller) plus they smell like baby powder which is just an added bonus. They are just as absortant if not more absorbant. I love these diapers and recommend them to every expectant parent
You may hear from other mothers that "this" brand and "that" brand are the best. None of them will compare to Pampers. I'm serious. Don't waste your money. If you have to try others, ask those mothers who recommend other brands to give you a few of them so you can test them out.
The Swaddlers diapers fit my baby perfectly and keep him dry for hours.
Pampers swaddlers are wonderful. I love how soft and comfortable they are for my baby. They keep baby dry and we never have to worry about leaks.
Never had a leak with these diapers. They fit great. Will never buy another brand.
I have used pampers swaddlers on all 3 of my children and was excited when they extended the sizes up to a 5. This diaper has been the best at containing our little poops that travel up the back. I love the indicator that tells you when baby is wet. I especially love the little net inside that helps separate the wetness from my baby's sensitive skin. To top is all off I just love the smell of these diapers.
We have tried other brands for our now 4-month-old; however, we are now sticking with Pampers brand. My son is 21 pounds and needed a comfortable fitting diaper for his super chubby legs and Pampers fit the bill. These diapers are also super aborbent and he has not had diaper rash. The price is just an added bonus for these top-notch diapers.
My family has always used pampers. Pampers were used on me when I was a baby. Using Pampers now for my son. I love the quality and the affordable price.
Always seem to be consistent! The price is average and with some coupons can become a great deal. A must buy for new moms!
it is good for new born baby. There is a yellow line. when it turns blue, you can change diaper in time.
We started using Pampers on the recommendation of our pediatrician with our first child. We were so happy that we never changed. We recently had our second child and the hospital sent us home with another premium brand but after one day we threw out that package and went back to Pampers. In the middle of the night when we are tired, we just can't afford to deal with a mess.
I use pampers for my child because they fit nicely, absorb well, and prevent messy clean ups! They are a trusted brand and great quality. My child has never had issues with diaper rash while wearing pampers. When I've tried other brands we had issues. Truly love all the pampers products!
I am glad the Swaddlers have extended their sizes. I only purchase Pampers. LOVE THEM!
Pampers fit so well! I don't worry about my son's clothes getting wet, even overnight. The Swaddlers diaper also fits well around the legs to prevent "number 2" accidents. My husband loves the wetness indicator so he knows when to change it.
Pampers swaddlers are by far the best diaper I've used! Our baby has made some real messes, and the other brands just can't handle it. Pampers swaddlers are the only ones we have tried that do not leak, no matter how full he gets them. I recommend them to everyone, & those are the only ones I will buy.
My little one loves this product! It is better than huggies.
Ive tried every brand but these have everything i was looking for. Its no wonder hospitals use them.
I love the way it pulls the wetness away from her skin...She doesn't have any rashes.
I love the Pampers Swaddlers since day one of my first child. I continue using it for my second one. Love the wetness indicator. It fits snuggly and quite soft on the baby. Thanks for a wonderful product.
My little guy is 14 months old and has been in Pampers Swaddlers since birth. They are not bulky and they are soft to the touch. I have tried other brands, including other Pampers items, but nothing beats the Swaddlers! My little guy is in a size 3 and thank goodness they just extended these to size 5! I was dreading my options and wasn't sure what I was going to do. Now my decision has been made for me and I get to stay with Pampers Swaddlers! Thank you Pampers.
Amazing product, keeps my baby dry and happy!!!!!!
I love how absorbent they are! The line is a definite help if you do not feel like taking the entire diaper off to see if your baby is wet. We love these diapers and will only use this type
I love these diapers. These are the ones the hospital gave us and we having been buying them ever since. We were given store brands and other diaper products at our baby party and none worked as well. Pampers swaddlers are the best and only diaper for my family.
These are good diapers. All pampers diapers are expensive but they are worth it. I had recently purchased LUVS Diapers to save money but my daughter never stayed dry at night. She would wake up in the middle of the night with wet clothes. I would recommend pampers if you want a dry happy baby! But not for the price!
it is easy to use , and it good..Overall Rating....
Having a newborn was really stressful. Pampers swaddlers really helped because the line indicates when they are wet. Love them!
I love using these diapers. They hold a lot of wetness and they never leak. I use these diapers as often as I can.
These are the diapers we uses when we first brought our newborn home and preferred them over the other brands. They give you more material to work with than the other brands. Which comes in handy on a brand new newborn when your not a 100% sure what your doing. Where I know with the other brands you have to really make sure they are on correct so you don't have a leak. Which is a lot easier to do once they are a little bigger. We also still use these at nighttime because I feel like they absorb a little more than the other brands.
These diapers are the best!!!!! I have tried a couple other brands and these are the best especially in the night time!!!! so happy that they are a reasonable price.
Great product. Will continue to use. Have had nothing but great results and the color changing line is excellent in letting use know when baby is ready for a change.
It is soft so it is easier on baby's skin. Does not leak. My son has not had a diaper rash since using Pampers Swaddlers. Highly Recommended!
Swaddlers are my favorite diapers for my twin girls, and babysitters love the wetness indicators.
I love Pampers' absorbency, baby stays dry. The new color line is helpful for newborns. I started using pampers over 20 years ago, and am still impressed with the quality (even through improvements to design).
This is my favorite diaper ever! Not only do I love the smell of baby but I love the wetness indicator, it makes things so much easier. I never have blow outs these fit so perfect around my baby and let me say that i'm guilty of leaving my baby with his diaper at night for long and it never leaks! It is so absorbent.
These were the only diapers we used for our baby. If we put her in anything else she would get diaper rash. Not so with the Pampers Swaddlers.
Was given these and another brand for baby shower gift, these fit better and I didn't pull the tab off that holds diaper on like I did with the other brand. Plan to use the swaddlers as he grows.
My little one started in Pampers Swaddlers diapers at the hospital and my coworkers were generous enough to give me boxes of size #1, #2, #3. They are amazing - keep my little guy dry and as happy as can be! My husband had a diaper party where we had gotten a few more boxes of Pampers (yay!), but we had gotten some competor brands that unfortunetely gave my litte man diaper rash. Once we switched back to Pampers Swaddlers it cleared right up. Now that we're almost out of our freebie diapers we only buy Pampers Swaddlers!
I love pampers. They fit great and stay dry except when it's time to move up a size. They also have a nice light scent that doesn't bother my daughter's eczema. I prefer pampers over other diapers,
As a new mom I didn't know the difference between any of the diaper brands and said they are all the same. That changed as soon as I tried pampers on my newborn. They were so soft, absorbent, and had a great fit.
Love these diapers. Perfectly without leakage and absorb everything! And stays dry longer!
Great quality. Would recommend pampers. Less bulkiness. Great fit.
These diapers are a little more expensive than the store brand but they kept my son's cloths dryer and didn't give him a rash like other brands did.
I love the snug fit. Pampers swaddlers keep my little one dry through the night, which helps her to sleep longer through the night. This is great for mom and dad as well!
My little boy has been a heavy wetter since day one, and I LOVE being able to go all night and still have dry clothes in the morning! These are excellent diapers!
I always buy Pampers. Swaddlers are great. Glad they went up on sizes available!
I have used pampers for all 3 of my kids love the diapers!
I would have to say that the pampers swaddlers are really great. They fit my twins really well compared to other diapers like Huggies or Luvs. I tried all of the name brand diapers and the pampers swaddlers work the best. My son also has sensitive skin and its the only diaper that hasn't given him an allergic reaction. I think you should make these diapers in a bigger size past 5. I can't even use the pampers baby dry diapers because he had an allergic reaction to them.
I would definitely buy again. Price point could be a little better though.
I'm a first time mom and pampers swaddlers works perfect for my baby, I also love how the line will change to blue once it's wet.
When we had are first son we learned Pampers was the best diaper for him. They fit him really well and lasted longer then the other diapers we tryed, and we never had any leaks with the diapers. Now we are getting ready for his little sister to be born, and the first thing we started doing was stocking up on pampers!!!
I love Pampers Diapers! My baby is using Swaddlers right now. They are so soft, fit great, and have a handy wetness indicator. Pampers diapers are a little more expensive than other brands but the quality is so worth the money! My baby has never leaked when wearing Pampers, can't say the same for some other brands!
I am a first time mom, and me and my mom battled between huggies or pampers while I was pregnant. I used a huggies diaper fro the first time, and I was SO disappointed! He leaked right through!! Swaddles are AMAZING with him! He can move well, they are simple to change him in, and they never leak!! First choice on diapers, are pampers!!
When my newborns were born I tried several different brands of diapers and finally settled on Pampers. They held more and kept our babies more comfortable and that's what matters most.
I love Pampers Swaddlers. As a labor and delivery nurse it is all we use on our newborns at the hospital and I have used them with both my boys as well. I love the new sizes so you can extend the wear of these great diapers!
We used the old version for our baby for 4 months, and they work great! However, after we switched to the new version, the diaper leaked every time! Well, our baby had diarrhea that time so probably that contributed to the leak too. Still, I prefer the old version.
Pampers swaddlers are great in the beginning. They tend to run small so use these first. They fit great and my babies diapers never leak.
I love swaddlers! My twins have only worn these diapers since birth they are now in size 5. They are super soft and comfy fit for 2 girls on the move. They also keep them dry overnight which is often 12 hours! I just wish they made them in a size 6.
I love these diapers. The fit and value are perfect and i would reccommend to anyone with a baby!
We love these diapers. They are great for our daughters sensitive skin. The wetness indicator is a great plus. These diaper keep her bum dry and fit her well.
I have been usuing papmers on my kids since 2009 and I will never have them wear another brand of diapers. Pampers fits and holds up perfectly!
I have used pampers since day one. They gave us swaddlers in the hospital and I have used them ever since. I tried another brand once and they leaked and gave my little girl a rash! Never doing that again !
it is a good diaper and I will recommand my friend to use this brand
I haven't had an issue with these diapers ay all. I absolutely love them and they work great for my 8 Month old. I love the fact that they go up to size 5 now to.
Pampers is a very unique diaper. There quality is fantastic, my daughter has very sensitive skin and it doesn't bother her one bit!!
Originally I tried different brands of diapers but none worked like pamper do. My girls are now 6months and I will not use any other brands
I love how soft these diapers are, since all my babies have had sensitive skin. I also love how the diaper pulls the moisture away from the skin and prevents the sticking that can happen with some diapers.
I asked several Moms and almost every woman that i know what diapers to use while i was pregnant. Pampers was the brand that the majority of the women asked gave me. I'm so glad that i listened to them,I LOVE PAMPERS. The charcters make both me and my son smile.
After having a newborn one tries to be as careful as possible when changing the babies diaper. These diapers were a life saver because it showed the wet indicator but were very absorbent. The cut out for the umbilical cord nub eased the diaper changing as well. Would highly recommend these to a new momma.
We were recommended these diapers and we love them for our newborn!
A brand you can trust year after year anywhere anytime!
Used in hospitals, and worth the price. The wetness indicator is very helpful for clueless new parents. :)
Dealers are the only diapers I buy. I live then abd I live how perfectly they fit my baby
Pampers Swaddlers keep my 5 month old and my 2 year old dry!
Great product! Diaper is durable and does not leak.
The Pampers Swaddlers are wonderful and they dont leak at night the only bad comment I have about the product is the price compaired to a box of Huggies the pampers big boxes has less diapers and are more expensive but they are still a great product.
Pampers comes through as usual. Another great diaper and another happy mother.
I've uses pampers swaddlers since day one and I can't complain. I tried huggies one time and she got a really bad rash. I LOVE PAMPERS
I really like these diapers for night time they hold very we'll and my daughter can sleep all night!
I have used this brand since the day my son was born. They gave us pampers in the hospital and we never looked back! they are great!
I recomend pampers diapers to every body ,their quality is better than the other brands in the market.i love it and keep using it for my daughter.swaddlers is good because it has the wetness indicatore on it.
I've tried them all (other brands) and this one is by far the best! It's absorb wells and it fits great! Wouldn't change it for the world!
The Pampers Swaddlers are the best diaper I have found. They are sensitive and do not irritate my baby's skin. I would recommend this brand to anyone.
Swaddlers are very good diapers - soft, absorbant, well-fitting.
My princess is really sensitive skin like her mommy and pampers super soft and gentle and soft yet strong diapers are perfect for my baby. They were wonderful when she was bornttill now in her size 1 diapers. And I will continue to use and trust pampers!
Pampers is by far the best brand of diapers on the market. They are soft and don't give my baby a rash like the cheaper brands. Well worth the extra money to know that my little one is dry and their skin isn't getting irritated.
the quality is very good for the swaddlers. However, it is not the best fit for my baby girl since her pop always leak out.
Pampers really are the best diapers out there. Since having my son, we have tried other brands, but none compare to pampers. Keep my son dry. Fit well with rarely any leaking.
I use both Pampers and Huggies products interchangeably. We like the Pampers diapers for longer periods of time without a change because they absorb really well. We also use Pampers Baby Dry for all night sleep.
one of the best diper in the world i like it during 10 monthes i'm using this product for my baby
From the day our son was born, he was in Swaddlers. Being a new dad, my husband was very wary of the "diaper situation". When my son was about 10 days old I heard him excitedly telling a family friend about how the Wetness Indicator is "awesome!" I go with generic brands for most of our baby items, but I felt confident that the absorbancy and fit were great. We decided the value was worth it when the alternative meant possible leaks/accidents/uncomfortable plastic fit. When he hit Size 4 around 6-7 months, I was upset we would have to move on to the next diapers. Then Swaddlers showed up in sizes 4 and 5!
My favorite of all diapers....super soft and absorbent. Great fit for my squirmy little one!!
I love the swadder diapers. I used them for both of my children. They are snug fitting to prevent leaks and I like how it tells you if the baby is wet or dry to prevent using more diapers than needed.
When my daughter sits on her butt, the back of the pamper tends to stick out and when she has a bowel movement it tends to come out of the back of the pamper but I wouldn't choose any other product. The absorbency is amazing and never leaks. I would absolutely suggest this product to another mother
Best fit of all diapers I've tried. Soft and doesn't cut in babies legs.
We love that Pampers do not leak!!! And the absorbency is great.
The best thing about Swaddlers, that no other diaper on the market has, is the liner. It is so gentle on baby's skin, especially fragile newborns. I definitely recommend Swaddlers for newborns.
After having two children, I have learned Pampers is the best in fitting babies and keeping them dry!
Pampers Swaddlers are great for pulling moisture away from your baby. They don't have all the dyes that some of the other pampers have and it has a wetness indicator letting you know your baby is wet without having to peek inside. They are my #1 choice.
I always use Swaddlers for my newborns! 3 babies and never an issue!
We have tried various different brands as well as differnt types of Pampers. but we always come back to swaddlers. From infancy to 15 months, these have been the softest and most comfortable for our daughter. They fit great and who doesn't love a wetness indicator, especailly for a newborn?!
I have been using Pampers since my son was born. I received other brands for my baby shower and Pampers is definitely the best of them all. Diapers are soft and have enough elasticity to prevent leaving marks on my son's sensitive tush. The stripe to notify you that baby is wet or soiled is a plus for father's on duty. I will continue to purchase this brand until I potty train my little one. Great quality and decent price.
I'm so glad pampers came out with additional sizes 4 & 5 so I can continue to put these on my little guy. I love how soft they are and because of the wetness indicator, we've made sure to change him when needed and he has never had diaper rash:) I highly recommend these diapers!!! Thank you pampers!
We are definitely sold as a Pampers brand family. When it came to choosing diapers for our new baby girl, there was curiosity in our minds about which diaper to choose. After trying 4 different brands, Pampers came out on top in every aspect. The wetness indicator came in handy many times. My daughter seemed comfortable in the diapers and they fit her just right. We are now up to size 3 diapers and would never think about switching brands.
I will only buy Pampers from now on. Huggies ALWAYS leaked, Pampers never has!
I highly recommend Pampers products because the diapers are very absorbent and doesn't leak. I use them on my son and their great!
I received other diaper brands as gifts, but nothing compares to Pampers. My little one can go a whole night without being changed, which means more sleep time for me. The diapers absorb the liquid and leaves my child dry. She has yet to have a diaper rash.
I LOVE pampers! The swaddlers are so soft and my daughter loves them!
I used Pampers Swaddlers Diapers on my son when he was a baby and I loved them! I'm also a nurse in a nursery and guess what we use? You guessed it! Only the best, Pampers Swaddlers Diapers!
This is a great product. Soft, comfortable for the baby, never had problems with leaking, and fits perfectly. I would highly recomend it!
my child has never leaked through any diapers! love pampers!
Love them. They fit wonderful and keep my little man dry with no leaks. I love all pamper products!
Pampers are the only brand I use!! All other brands either don't fit correctly or don't control those really BAD diapers we all dread changing!
Very soft, no rash, no leak, fits well. Highly recommended.
I love the wetness indicator, it tells me when it is time for me to change their diapers. This helps prevent rashes & skin irritation. It's very absorbent and it fits well on my babies.
We are first time parents and received Pampers Swaddlers in the hospital. Once we got home we used another brand that we received as a gift and they just didn't compare. Swaddlers fit is better, I like the feel better and I like the wetness indicator. My son hates being wet, even if it's just a little wet and without the indicator I am constantly having to check inside the diaper to see if that is what is bothering him.
What I love about Pampers diapers is that when is wet my baby skin still is dry and during the midnight they work perfect!!!
I love the wetness indicator. It makes it easy to tell if the diaper needs changed without having to completely undress the baby to check.
I love pampers cause they don't break my little girl out, and they are comfortable feeling, and absorbant! Great quality.
Never leaked, so cool. No issues. They are soft, tender. There were never any rashes.
I used every brand of diaper when my daughter was first born and Pampers are the best. We use baby dry and swaddlers. The absorbency is excellent on both. Once my baby starts crawling we will use swaddlers but until then we use baby dry because you get more diapers for the same price. We love all pampers products!
I think my baby most enjoys her pampers swaddlers and that's important to me. They are bigger than the baby dry's and I like that cause you get a little more time out of the fit. You'll enjoy these diapers, for sure!
We love Pampers! I have never even tried another diaper brand.
with my first child I tried quite a few diapers before sticking with swaddlers, but when I had my second I knew exactly what to grab. I wouldn't purchase a different diaper. it keeps them dry overnight and helps to keep diaper rash to a minimum.
We have used Swaddlers since birth, we tried other diapers out but none of them held up like these did. The swaddlers also didnt give my son a rash!
These were the only diapers that did not leak for us! And the sizes were right on.
I love the fit, dryness, the wetness indicators, and the quality of a reliable diaper!
I use pampers swaddlers and love them. I receieved a number of different brand diapers for my shower in which I used. Swaddlers were my all time favorites.They seemed to hold the most output and looked the most comfortable. I wasn't a huge fan of the baby dry, mainly because of the texture of the outside of the diaper and they didn't have the line indicator.
I love these diapers in comparison to all other brands. They are nice and soft on baby's bottom and provide excellent coverage. Never have an issue with leakage.
I love pampers swaddlers diapers, I use them with my daughter and give them as gifts to anyone having a baby they fit the best and it seems like my daughter "blows out" of every other kind
My premature daughter was in the NICU for 2 1/2 months and this was the brand that the children's hospital used. After she was home, we tried other brands (for cost reasons) - Huggies, generics - but Pampers Swaddlers were the only ones that didn't leak, and the best part is they wetness indicator. We were hooked! We still buy Pampers to this day.
Great absorbency, never had a leak in pampers diapers as opposed to your competitor. Great value as they are worth paying more money for. Soft and strong for my little ones little tushie.
Having your first child, you defiently feel like "a fish out of water". So I had no clue on what diapers to get for our son. The hospital sent us home with the Pampers Swaddlers and away we went. When those ran out, we started to use other brands that we recieved as gifts. They couldn't match the success with had with the Pampers Swaddlers.
These are my favorite diapers of all time! They are so soft, not bulky and keep my 18 month old dry. She has worn them since she was born :)
I have tried several different brands of diapers. The Swaddlers are the only diaper that keeps my daughter dry through the night. They are also the softest diaper, very comfortable for my little one. I love Pamper Swaddlers. So glad, they come in the bigger sizes now!!
My nieces both used swaddlers as infants. My son was in nicu and we came home in swaddlers. They are very absorbent. We have few leaks. And overall love them.
I have a two year old boy and a two month old girl. We have used Pampers Swaddlers with both children. We broke down and used another brand last week that we received at our baby shower. I was mortified when I had to keep the baby in an emergency meeting at work. She was sitting quietly on my lap during the meeting at the office when I felt urine on my leg! What a horrible time to have a diaper fail! We will never use another brand again!
The diapers and wipes are wonderful.
They have improved so much within the 3 years since we used them before.
They have great quality, absorbency, fit. Best brand I have used all the way up to potty training.
I love pampers so much I recommend them to my best friend whos pregnant with her first baby! I will never use another product.
I just had my second baby girl 4 months ago and we only use swaddlers :)
I love how the swaddlers fit on my son and the absorbency of them.
I love that Pampers has extednded their sizes in the swaddlers. They were my favorite when my boys were little and am so happy we can use them, now that they are in size 5. I also really like the color changing wetness indicator.
I highly recommend these for new moms. However absobancy of new diapers may not be as good as the old ones. Enjoy!!
Swaddlers feel like soft woven cotton! They are so nice on the baby's soft tush.
I have tried several different brands of diapers. The swaddlers do the best job. I am happy and so is my four month old son.
Wouldn't use anything else!!
They fit my baby to a T
These diapers were recommended to me by a friend when my baby kept having diaper rash. I thought it was me, but it turned out to be the previous diapers I was using. I tried about four different brands til I got to pampers, and I was relieved. I'm a new mommy and seeing him more comfortable and sleeping soother made me feel more at ease. As a new mommy pampers have not let me down and these diapers is what my baby and I trust the most.
When my son was born at a tiny 4lbs full term he had to wear premie diapers. Pampers swaddlers were what we used & I loved them!
pamper diapers is always my favorite one and favourite of my little one too...
I love pampers and how soft they are for my baby. The product is excellent in how it performs.
I love Pampers Swaddlers! They are the only thing I buy! Anytime we have used something different she always leaks or gets a rash!
great quality, soft and dry. my babies love it! will definitely use it.
The pampers swaddlers are wonderful I tried two other brands and kept having leakage issues once I went to pampers I never go back
I'm a new mom and being new means a whole world of scare lol I was given a variety of diapers at my baby shower and thankfully was able to sort thru what I felt was best for my baby. Pampers Swaddlers fit the script. They smell great and help me keep my baby dry and comfortable with the wetness indicator.
These diapers fit my little one so well. They are soft and not bulky even when they are full. I would definitely recommend these :)
I've been buying pampers since my little man has been born and their at a great price. I just love how they move with him and keeps him nice and dry.
With my first child, I tried various samples. All leaked except these. Great for chunky thighs!
the swaddlers are the best diapers by far. Love these
Really great product. The best feature is the wetness indicator. It's easy to know when baby needs change. The absorbency is good however sometimes I feel that swaddlers can not hold much liquid. But still overall great diapers. I would buy these anyways.
This is our first baby and let me tell you there are a lot of options out there for diapers! Its overwhelming, but after trying a few out its decided only pampers for us!!
These diapers not only fit well but my main concern has always been absorbency and these diapers are great at that! I really love the wetness indicator and the fact that they have it in the swaddlers all the way to size 5.
Pampers swaddlers are the best. Love that they have the wet indicator line and stretch to fit my son perfect in areas that are bigger than others lol.
I buy pampers swaddlers for every baby shower I attend. This is a wonderful product for newborns. I feel these diapers keep babies dry and very comfortable.
Pampers swaddlers are fantastic! We had been given several other brands to try, but none compare. We have never had any messy cleanups while using swaddlers. The same cannot be said of the other brands we tried.
You pay for what you get and Pampers is the best! Some weeks I think I can try other brands but I always find that pampers are the best. They are like wearing silk diapers. My child is so comfortable wearing them.
My daughter is almost two years old and we have yet to find another brand of diapers that remotely compares to Pampers. My favorite are the swaddlers; they are soft on babies skin and very absorbent. I recommend Pampers to all parents.
As a mom a third time round, I know I can count on pampers to keep my little ones dry. From my own experience, I have found swaddlers to be high quality compared to other brands and lines. As they say, only the best for my little one!
The swaddlers are my favorite pamper brand diapers. They fit very well and I know my baby is comfortable in them.
These are the best diapers on the market. We don't buy anything else after trying them all.
Our family has used swaddlers for two kids now and we feel they work the best of what is on the market. We love the fit around the legs and waist. If we could change one thing, it would be for the fit to be more snug at the back. Other brands didn't seem to hold waste in as well and we often had to do wardrobe changes when we didn't use pampers.
I love Pampers Swaddlers and have used them for both children and will again for our 3rd. The wetness indicator is a nice perk, plus I really like the notch for the cord with newborns.
It's a great product if your child doesn't have sensitive skin, like mine did. It's definitely less expensive than the sensitive version.
wonderful absorbency and movement. nothing beats them :)
Pampers kept my little man dry and comfortable throughout the night!
I am a big Pampers fan, I have used them for all three of my children and recommend them to all my friends that are expecting.
Pampers help keep our little one dry and rash free
The diapers fit very well and seem to fit just right..the wipes are nice and soft. I prefer pampers over any other
Pampers have been my favorite since day one. I have never had a leak with this brand.
I have used pampers with both of my babies! They are wonderful! They definitely get the job done and get it the mess cleaned up! I would only recommend Pampers to everyone!
I'm a first time mom and was given Swaddlers at the hospital where my baby was born. Since then, I've tried several other brands and none have been as effective and well-fitting. I always come back to Swaddlers. I'm so pleased that Pampers expanded the Swaddlers size offerings!
Love how soft these diapers are. And the fit is great .
I love pampered swaddled! We have been using them since penny was born. Never had a blowout thanks to the great fit on penny's bottom and waist. Her comfort is definitely most important and nothing compares to the comfort pamper bring to our baby girl!
softest diaper ever. love the Color-changing wetness indicator
I stand behind the Pampers brand - Its all that I buy! I love the fit and absorbency level, as we have never had to worry about leaks.
I love
The stuff the baby loves it we all love
It good price
I used Pampers Swadlers when my son was an infant. I love the Wetness Indicator and of course the normal Pampers absorbancy. I stopped using Swaddlers when he wasn't an infant anymore because it was so much easier to tell when he was wet, but switched to cruisers.
I love using swaddlers! They have a great fit and keep my son dry overnight:)
These diaper by far. Absorbs great and is super soft
I love how this product keeps my little one dry. I never have to worry about him soaking through his diaper.
This fits my baby just right and feels super soft.
I love using pampers for my newborn. I am a first time mom and this is probably the best diaper I have tried so far! I love the absorbency and the wetness indicator is amazing!!
When my baby was 4 months I though about to try other brands and I can say now that was a nightmare!!!! I spend a lot of money trying and I always came back with pampers...
I never have any "accident" with this diapers... THANKS PAMPERS YOU MAKE MY LIFE EASIER!!!!
This is a great diaper that is very soft, absorbs well, and works well for older babies. I would recommend this diaper to all moms.
I have tried all the major brands, and swaddlers are the only diapers that are leak free. Swaddlers are still my diaper of choice, even now that my son is 18 months old. He's a mover, and they work great!
I absolutely love pampers! The absorbency is amazing and leaves my baby dry especially during the night
I think that creating Pampers Swaddlers was the most brillant idea yet. With Swaddlers I enjoy not always having to feel around on the inside of the diaper in order to check if wet, but only having to take one glance at the color changing indicator.
My daughter has very sensitive skin. Pampers is the only brand I used. I did try to use other brands as I had received them as gifts. However any other brand just caused a rash after just one use. Pampers is the only brand I would recommend.
I love these diapers because they are the only diapers that don't break my baby out! Hopefully she don't go past size 5 !
Great quality. These are the only diapers I will buy.
I've received some samples along with the diaper pack I buy and it works just like any other diaper, it absorbs wonderfully, it looks very comfortable because it is a thin diaper and that's what I love most about it.
I tried a bunch of diapers when my first baby was newborn, but found that Pampers Swaddlers were the softest and least likely to leak. When I had my second child, I didn't even hesitate to pick them up again. No regrets!
Pampers Swaddlers are the best diapers on the market. They keep my girls dry and never leak.
Pampers Swaddlers fit my little one perfectly and comfortably. I love the wetness indicator.
I love the blue line on the pampers swaddler diapers. It makes it so much easier to know how wet the diaper is. Every time I try another brand, I miss it and go back to pampers.
Swaddlers were the first type of pampers I used before my toddler moved to Pampers Dry. Swaddlers were the only diapers that would contain every load, everytime. They were also the softest I could find that I trusted touching my newborn's bottom. I would highly recommend Swaddlers to any mom!
Being a new parent I love the fact that these have the line down the middle to let me know she's wet. I don't buy anything but pampers products they're wonderful
Pampers are by far the best diapers. I tried Huggies and disliked them right away. Pampers are great quality diapers.
My wife and I are on our 5th child and there is nothing else we would use. There is enough to worry about, when there is a baby in the house. Not having to worry about the diapers you use adds to one less thing that you have to be mindful about.
I love these diaper because they fit so well and have that wet indicator line. Baby is comfy in them and they also have good absorbency. I am staying with these until my baby outgrows them =)
I'm a new mom and have had many different diapers given to me as gifts, and I'm definitely a Pampers snob. They are super absorbent for my little boy and I love how you can re-adjust the sides (my little one moves around and my husband needs a couple of attempts to get the diaper on right!). My only issue is that my little one was 10lbs 3oz when he was born, so he went straight into size 1, which doesn't have the cutout for the umbilical cord like the new born diapers have, and, because we had to fold the diaper over, we had many wet outfits due to the absorbency in the front. But, other than that, we love them!
As a first-time mom, I was overwhelmed by all of the diaper choices. Swaddlers fit wonderfully, kept him (and his clothes!) dry, and had that fool-proof yellow-turns-blue stripe down the middle so I knew when he was wet. We're definitley a Pampers family now!
Out of all the diapers we've tried, Pampers Swaddlers work & fit the best for our baby girl.
Pampers Swaddlers are the best diapers on the market! I have used them with both of my children. They are the only diaper that hasn't caused diaper rash or irritation on my kids' bottoms! Very soft, and great fit!
Pampers Swaddlers are excellent. They do really absorb up to 12h and more. No diaper rushes even if its on too long.
My baby is on the move non stop and the diaper fits very well. It's very durable.
Pampers Swaddlers, has been a life saver for me and my now 5 month old daughter. I absolutely love the diapers and everything about them. I have found that no other diaper even comes close in comparison. The blue moisture indicator is extremely helpful, especially for newborns and first time moms. The diapers really give a great fit, with leaks almost never happening. They are extremely comfortable and soft on my babies delicate and sensitive skin. I will never use any other brand of diaper, and I suggest to all my friends that are mothers to switch to pampers. I also have given out several packs of Pampers Swaddlers as part of a baby shower gift in the past few months, because I have come to trust and love them so much!
My LO always wore Pampers swaddlers , even as a NB anytime I which to other brands (to use up diapers that were given to us) her bottom would break out in a rash. Switching back to Swaddlers, along with cream would clear it up. The conclusion I made from this is with Swaddlers netting it keeps her skin dryer than every other diaper out there. Now in a size four and we're happy Pampers bumped the Swaddler size up to five so we can enjoy the dryness even longer :)
My newborn son is breastfed and we all know what breastfeeding does to a diaper! I have used other diapers on him and they do not fit as well and do not absorb as well as Pampers do! My husband and mother even asked me what happened to the diapers I previously had when I switched (meaning where did the pampers go?!). I will not use any other brand diaper knowing how well Pampers are!
These are the only diapers we use for my daughter. They keep her dry during the day and comfortable all night long!
I used Pampers with my first child and am using these again with my twins. I liked the diapers then, but I appreciate the improvements! The wetness indicator is great! The sizing is also more accurate than other brands.
I love the wetness indicator as well as how soft the diapers feel.
Good quality and the price is good too. The fit is also a plus and they are soft!!
Its an awesome product specially for first time parents because its really difficult to understand why the baby is crying.swaddlers make it easy to at least understand one reason that when to change the baby.the blue line is amazing.it helped me a lot.
I have tried 3 brands of diapers and these truly are my favorite. My baby is comfortable and they keep her dry. In fact these are the best diapers for her to sleep in because they keep her dry for the nine hours she sleeps at night.
Pampers are the diapers we choose every single time. When buying gifts for new moms to be, its always going to be Pampers. We have always had the highest opinion of this brand over the others when it comes to how well they fit and how well the absorb the occasional "mess".
Pampers have always being the product of my choice and when I had my last son 3 weeks ago, I did not hesitated using Pampers again! Is great that the hospital uses them on newborns. Pampers keeps my son dry and the diaper does not fall apart as it gets wet like other brands!
I tried many brands when our daughter was first born. Pampers were the only ones that actually fit her and didn't leak everywhere! They're a great product, and the only thing that would make them better would be a lower price. ;-)
after trying several brands of diapers we found swaddlers to be the best in several catagories and have used from NB size through size 5.
I have tried other diaper brands and nothing beats Pampers!
I love Pampers. I used Pampers products with my first son and again as a mom with an infant I love the reliability of pampers products. I never have leaks unless I did not put the diaper on correctly (it can happen in the middle of the night when you are exhausted). There are less expensive products out there but I trust Pampers and will continue to use.
My mom had to use pampers with both my sister & me because every other type of diaper gave us a rash. That has stayed true with both of my children. Pampers products are the only brand I trust! They aren't too expensive either!
We love Pampers Swaddlers, and our baby does too! They are so soft to touch, and super absorbent. We are sleeping almost 12 hours at night with no leaks. And the wetness indicator is a new parents best friend, especially in the beginning. I bought other diapers by mistake without the line once, and didn't even finish the pack! I know all of my friends use Pampers as well
I have always loved pampers. Just wish they were cheaper!
I like these diapers better than other brands. The wetness indicator is a nice feature. Would recommend and even buy this product for new mom's at my work.
My little girl loves pampers pull ups. They are easy for her to pull up and down. I love that she doesn't get a rash when wearing them. My little girl feels like a big girl when wearing them. Love the way they fit her. Great product.
I would highly recommend. They are the best diapers I have ever bought!
We have never had any leaks with this product. They are very reliable.
Love these diapers much better than leading competitor. Very absorbent!!
Excellent, Excellent, EXCELLENT!!!!
I absolutely love Pampers Swaddlers, Perfect for the first few weeks home. 'crying baby?!?' best way to see if your baby is crying due to a wet or dirty diaper, look for the stripe, if it isn't already noticable by how absorbant the diaper is. then you just move to the next possibility, cutting crying babies time in half. =]
It helped with both of my kiddos, especially NOW!!!!
My son leaks with every brand but pampers! They fit perfectly and daddy loves the blue stripe!!!
I have tried other diapers, but Pampers Swaddlers are the only diapers that keep the mess and my daughter dry, even if I go longer than usual between diaper changes.
I think is one of the best in my opinion her daddy will not let me use any other brand on her he said she will be using pampers lol
We love these diapers!!! My husband has no excuses with the Color-changing wetness indicator he knows to change the diaper. Soft slim diaper with no leaks
My baby always feels dry even if her diaper is really soggy. She never gets red or irritated. They are a comfy fit. Well worth my money
This product is great l. The diapers fit great and keep my baby dry
I received several different brands for diapers and wipes for my baby but Pampers has been the best. My daughter sleeps through the night no matter what may go on in her diaper and i love that. Being a new mom i also love the wetness indicator so that i don't have to guess about whether or not she needs to changed.
We were given several brands of newborn diapers when we have our daughter and these are the only ones that I use. I loved how absorbent they were, they were soft and fit her tiny body so well.
I always chose PAMPERS for my babies because it is the best way to keep them dry for as long as I need. Sometimes having a 15 month and a new born doesn't give you much time and if I need to keep my older for a longer time in the diaper she will be fine, dry and away from rashes.
We, of course, fell in love as new parents at the hospital with Swaddlers. The blue stripe makes it so easy to tell if our baby is wet. And we are lucky they come in bigger sizes since our son is 25 pounds and 11 months old!
The absorbency of these diapers is amazing. Fit is excellent, with features that decrease leaks. Great for babies with sensitive skin. Wetness indicator works great. I bought another brand once, and I can tell you that Pampers diapers are the best. Would not use any other diaper.
Once you get the hang of things, you find your perfect match for your baby, and ours has been pampers since the beginning! out of all the diapers from our baby shower. We have gone through them all and have chosen to be that our pampers swaddlers are our favorite for our little one. Love that they NEVER leak, and they always fit him confortably. Not to tight on his legs or tummy. My little one will sit in a dirty diaper for a while and not be bothered, so the wetness indicator is really a lifesaver!
After 2 kids and a wide variety of different diapers, I'm completely sold on Pampers being the best brand out there.
Swaddlers were great for our first child...we didn't know what we were doing and the yellow line was great so we knew when to change her diaper. Now, with our second child, we only use the swaddlers when our newborn goes to grandma's house. Otherwise, we use the baby dry pampers!
My favorite thing about swaddlers is that they have the little strip on them so you know if your child has a wet diaper.
I love this version of the product. The addition of the wetness indicator is really nice. The umbilical cord notch is very helpful as well. The diapers they gave us in the hospital did not have this and so I was able to appreciate it even more. For the tiny newborn, its great to have such a soft diaper against their skin. Love this product!
Swaddlers are the softest, best scented, most snug yet comfortable fit for all of children and have tried every brand for every child and always ended back with pampers. Although they cost more it is worth it I never have to worry about whether or not I packed extra clothing due to leakage for my children.
The fit on the newborn diapers are spot on for my son. Leaves him dry everywhere!
I have used pampers swaddlers for all 3 of my children and they have never disappointed. So happy now they go up to size 5 now!
I used Pampers Swaddlers for both my kids and love them!! They never seem to leak, fit perfectly, and never leave my kids sore, The Swaddlers are my favorite because of the yellow line that turns blue once wet!
Pleased with your product. It's a nice feeling knowing pampers can provide a product we as consumers can trust and use on our most precious prizes. Thank you
I have used Pampers as well as many other brands of diapers for my first 2 children. Now that my 3rd just arrived I'm sticking to Swaddlers. They rarely cause diaper rash, are soft, and usually contain messes pretty well for my skinny babies (which is actually impressive, most other diapers don't keep everything in as well on skinny little legs or keep it from going up the back on skinny waists).

My favorite feature of Pampers Swaddlers is the wetness indicator. I can check my daughter's diaper without the trouble of having to open it up to see if she needs a clean one. These are also so soft I think they must be more comfortable for my newest baby girl. The last feature that I love is the umbilical cord notch since it took a really long time to fall off for all 3 of my kids.

I highly recommend Swaddlers for new babies!
My favorite thing about them is the liner that pulls the mess away. It makes cleanup so much easier! Definitely the best diaper for my son.
I loved these diapers when my baby was younger. But I'd prefer to drop the characters and drop the price.
Love the pampers swaddlers. They are super soft on my little one's skin and very absorbent. Also, LOVE the wetness indicator!
Love the softness! My children have always worn pampers. A brand I trust and love.
These are best diapers! They don't leak and are true to fit. We tried a different brand (H*ggies) and the pull tabs inconsistently ripped off and leaked frequently. We have only used Pampers since we brought our daughter home from the hospital.
Pamper swaddlers is great for my son. He never leaks out.
He also sleeps so comfortable at night with swaddlers better than any other diapers out their. Glad I choose pampers than any other brand.
Never have problems with leaks, always fit perfectly. Comfortable and soft.
We received these as a gift at a diaper shower for my hubby. We also got some of the "other" brands. After trying them all, Pampers was the clear winner. No leaking and excellent absorbency. Our little guy loves Pampers and so do we.
The swaddlers work out the best for my son. No other diaper can compete with the absorbency. And the wetness indicator helps daddy to know when its time to change him!
These diapers were the best for my newborn. They fit the best and kept him the driest of all those we tried.
if you want clean baby clothes and mess free diaper changing buy these or if you prefer the scene of________________________ then buy napkins with velcro attached
Is product is great I especially like the wetness indicator
First time using this product and I'm already sold! When in the hospital we were given these to use during our stay. We had only a small accident since then and will continue using this brand.
I absolutely love the Pampers swaddlers because of their color-changing wetness indicator. I can quickly see if my baby girl needs a diaper change or not without having to waste time or diapers. The best feature to date.
We as a family love to play and move around allll day these diapers collect alot and are very reliable. Thank you for keeping my LilHarm nice and dry.
This is the only brand that has NOT leaked for my newborn baby boy. I will not buy any other brand....they are just a waste of money!
I would never any other diaper on my babies! My baby never wets throw and I love the way they kit. I have tried other diapers and this is by far the best.
I love the swaddlers. They are very soft, and I like the wetness indicator too. The swaddlers are my number one pick for Pampers diapers.
My NB daughter is already like "the princess and the pea" story - only for her or in this context it's "p" .
Tried a different brand that was gifted and realised she will have lots of hugs for her dolls when she gets to that stage.
Since switching I've literally had to wake her for diaper changes as she is comfortable even when I think she's had at least 2-3 p's over night ...yet her behind is dry!!!!! She loves it and I do too!
Compare with other diapers, pampers is the best one for my baby boy, although the price is little bit high, but it is worth.
I have tried other brands, these have the best fit & great absorbency.
As a first time mom I of course wanted the best there is, however it seemed like everyone was suggesting something different. The hospital I delivered at used pampers swaddlers so I stuck to buying them but I of course had recieved multiple other brands as gifts, and assumed they'd be good enough as well. I used exactly two Huggies before tossing the pack after she leaked the very first time she peed in both of them. I will NOT be using anything besides these, nor will I take their reliability for granted.
It's such a nice thought when people give you diapers at your baby shower. Truly they mean well. However when you register for Pampers Swaddlers and you get another brand it leaves you in a bit of a pickle. You should use the other brand because you have them, because they're there. Looking at the big picture a diaper is just a diaper right? Unfortunately no. Pampers Swaddlers is the diaper I prefer and I'm using the others just so they don't have to mingle in the diaper drawer.
I tried both brands. In the hospital, they used swaddlers and I really like them. We only had a few. We had a pack of the huggie new born ones at home that were on top of the pack of swaddlers so we decided to use them to see if there really was a difference. The swaddlers fit way better than the huggie ones. They ran bigger for some reason. In plus the lines in the swaddlers changed colors when she was wet which was nice and the huggie ones didn't do that. :(
I have used swaddlers since day one, all but for one week of my daughter's six months of life. We tried a store brand and were immediately disappointed in our decision! I couldn't get to a pack of pampers fast enough! We love the product and recommend it to all of our friends.
We used this diaper all the time..... it is very good.
I have been using them since birth. I love the indicator and very affordable
Only diapers ill use on my little man because they are the only diaper he doesnt leak through!
good quality diapers, very absorbent and the characters are a great touch
Because our son was born prematurely, he's always been a little bit smaller than other babies his age. We found that these diapers fit really well while still being quite absorbent. We also loved how the waist accommodated his umbilical stump until it completely dried out and fell off. Just a really great diaper overall that is a great product for a great value!
After purchasing other leading brand diapers for our newborn, we found Pampers to be not only the best when it comes to keeping our son's clothes dry, but also the best in convenience when it comes to checking him. The wetness indicator is a huge innovation and the soft materiel allows him to be comfortable in them. We also love the netting inside the diaper which helps keep the wetness off of his skin allowing him to have less diaper rash than average. All around we were impressed with this company right off the bat and are still loving everything Pampers has to offer. We will remain customers of Pampers until he outgrows everything it has to offer. Thanks for the great products.
We tried using other diapers for our little one and they didn't seem to fit properly and they leaked very easily. These diapers are super absorbent. We also love the wetness indicator line its extremely helpful.
We have tried a few different brands and so far the only ones that work are these. I will only buy pampers from now on.
This is a really nice and affordable product.i been using pampers for both of my babies and I wouldn't change it. Its something you can afford,very comfortable for babies and especially worth it.
This is a great product. My son was a preemie and they fit him great!
Love these diapers for our son. He has very sensitive skin and eczema and these diapers keep him dry all through the night and catch everything without irritation!
At my baby shower I got plenty of different types of diapers. Pampers are the only ones that fit perfectly and doesn't leak!!
This product is amazing. With little boys the yellow line in front turns blue when soaked. We tried several brands and Pampers never leaked. Will continue to buy up to the biggest size.
Pampers swaddlers are great. I accidently put one in the washer with all of my daughters clothes and when the was done I seen the pamper and it was still in ONE WHOLE DIAPER!!! it wasnt torn aprt or anyrhing missing. It was so full of water, and out of curiosity i decided to sqeeze it to see how well it locked in wetness and not ONE DROP of water came out and the weight of it was well over 10 lbs of water!!!! That was enough proof for mr, and now my daughter will only have Pampers products.
bought a case and was very happy with the outcome of quality and quantity.
By far my favorite diaper.s have used them for all 4 of my babies and will keep on useing them.
These diapers are great! Tried using others and the absorbency was terrible and leaked. We then switched to pampers and have used them ever since! Plus the wetness indicator line is extremely helpful!
Thank you for making such wonderful diapers we have a 2 month old son and we tried a lot of diapers the pampers swaddlers are the best, I am amazed at the quality of these diapers and how well they hold up. Wouldn't use anything else, highly recommended to anyone that needs a great product for your baby.
Having used Pampers on the many babies in the family, I was confident I would use them with my own children when the time came. Well, starting off with twins has given me the chance! We started in the NICU using the P-S (preemie) size and I was never disappointed. We're still using the newborn size, and my only gripe is if I'm too tired to make sure the 'ruffle' is out and not in, we'll sometimes get a leak. If that happens only due to user error, I can't fault the product! I am thrilled with the easy of use (tried other brands, I don't like the closures they have) and the overall quality of this line. Thanks for having something that works so well.
I've been using pampers on my son since he was born. I used the other brand once and I did not like it at all. The swaddlers absorb a lot and my son can go through the night with his diaper without him giving him a rash. I've never had any problems with swaddlers. I love how it is shaped to my son's round butt and he can play comfortably in it. Thank you so much. I will continue to use swaddlers PAMPERS only!
I have a 7 year old and now I have a 6 wk old. Both are Pampers babies. What I like best is the the new indicator line available on the pampers which were not around whenmy first son was born. Pampers diapers holds in wetness like joy other diaper. The Swaddlers fit quite well and allow for movement, which is great because my newborn moves a lot.
I absolutely love these diapers. They have a great absorbancy so we can go just about all night with no leaks. I also love the color strip so I know when he has wet his diaper.
They are softer then the other diapers and its nice to take a quick look to see if the diaper is wet with out having to feel.
I used swaddled on both my daughters, the youngest just turned one and the oldest is almost four. I'm not sure if Pampers made some improvements to the swaddlers between children or if its my younger daughters body shape but Pampers Swaddllers were the absolute best and the only brand I bought. We received another brand as a gift and they ended up getting shared with a neighbor. They fit well, didn't leak, we're soft, and I love the color indicator strip.
I first used Pampers Swaddlers in the hospital after delivering my baby boy. I found it very helpful that there was a color strip on the diaper that turns from yellow to blue when my son was wet. They hold quite a bit...even with the "explosions" that come from time to time. I admit there have been quite a few leaks from the sides and up his back here and there when it comes to these explosions, but nothing like I experienced with some of the other brand diapers that I used that were given to me from my babyshower. The fit is snug and moves with my baby. There is a weird mesh in the diaper that I'm not sure about. Leaves a crazy pattern on my baby's bottom after a messy diaper, but maybe it helps pull the wetness away? Overall, I like the diaper. I would rather pay a little extra to get them and know my son is comfortable and dry.
Is great product and good for its value. I will buy these diapers :)
Love them baby bottom is always dry and are well fitted.
We received these from the hospital after our son was born. They are great!!!!
BETTER THAN HUGGIES!!! NOT COMPLAIN ABOUT THIS PRODUCTS.
this is a great diaper. i love the fit and the color-changing wetness indicator.
These diapers saved us at night! With our first daughter nothing kept her dry at night except these diapers!
At first, we had to use the Pampers Sensitive as our daughter had a very sensitive skin when she was born. But after two months, we were able to switch to Pampers Swaddlers. The main reason for the switch was that we could not find the Pampers Sensitive in bigger size, but our daughter did not mind. What we love the most is the wetness indicator as it is so much easier for us to see when her diaper has to be changed.
These diapers are great! We spent the extra money on these to keep our little one dry at night!
Also I usually use Pampers extra protection or cruisers, I always keep a bag of these on hand because I found that the extra softness is great for when my girls have rashes.
These are the only diapers we use for our daughter. She had reactions to almost every other kind, and pampers work like a charm. We have very few blowouts, they work wonderfully at night and they fit her very well. Love pampers products!
The only diapers we buy! Fits great on our little girl.
Love how long they last as far as changing overnight my little one doesn't wake up screaming because she's too wet.
Love the swaddlers...have been using pampers swaddlers since my twins were born 17 mths ago! The best!
We love the Pampers Swaddlers. They are our favorite brand of diapers. We tried other brands at times, but we always come back to the Swaddlers. They are great diapers that fit well and don't leak like some others do. We've never had any problems with them. They're very consistent.
Love pampers! Best diapers: soft and protected. Baby sleeps like a baby
These diapers are the best - my daughter is now 2 and these are the only diapers that fit correctly. I love the fact that they are reasonably priced and now come in larger sizes.
love how they fit my daughter and I really love the wetline indicator
Love swaddlers! This is the one and only diaper I will use on my daughter, have tried different brands and not only did they give her rashes it also leaked! Never had either problems with swaddlers!!
This diaper is great. Little one goes a lot and this diaper really does absorb well. I love the wetness indicator.
I used swaddlers for both my girls up to size 3 in the last three years. Love them, no leaks, great fit. Only switched to move on to Pampers Crusiers line because the girls are on the move.
I Love pampers Swaddlers! I'm happy they expanded into the higher level diapers. They are soft and absorbent. They are more expensive than the other brands but best for the little babies.
These are the only diapers i have used for my daughter since day 1.
When my daughter was born the hospital gave me a pack of pampers swaddlers and I loved them. I had gotten Huggies at my baby shower and they leaked every time she used the bathroom. I went back to the pampers swaddlers and I love them! I wouldn't use anything else!
My son has eczema so I knew I needed a diaper that would be soft on his skin. These do not disappoint! They keep him dry for many many hours and he's never had a leak. They fit him well. The only downside is that they are pretty pricey. But since they've never let me down, I can justify the price.
I loved the fit of these diapers for my little one.
I used these from the time my baby was born. I tried a couple other brands (gifts from baby showers) and always went back to Pampers .... usually after a giant mess because of the other brands. I learned my lesson and become a Pampers only girl!
I buy only Pampers diapers. They hold up better than any other diaper out there.
Pampers diapers are by far the best out there, The fit is great and that is all we ever buy!
Pampers Swaddlers are great! They fit perfectly and never have any leaks!
These are the diapers that the hospital used and they are great. Highly recommend them.
Amazing quality and won't use any other brand!! Diapers are so soft as well as absorbent!
Pampers Swaddlers has always been my first choice. Our baby has always been a Pampers baby and I am sure Pampers will never disappoint us.
Its great feature such as wetness indicator makes diaper changing an easy task for dads and it is very safe for newborns too.
I loves these diapers when my daughter was a new born. The indicator strip was a great help! They were so soft. They are expensive so when she got a little older we switched to cruisers which were also fabulous!
We have tried a few of he other brands just to compare and these are the best!
I love pampers! I have used them with all the kids! My daughter breaks out with any other brand!
Love Pampers.....used them with my kids 20+ years ago and now with my grand kids.
I am a mother of 3 and I have used pampers for all 3 of my children they sre the best.
We tried huggies but he kept peeing through to his clothes, he doesn't do that with pampers
I have used Pampers since bringing my daughter home from the hospital. I tried other brands because I would find them on sale, but nothing compares to her swaddlers. I love the softness and absorbency. Worth every penny!
Can't say enough about what a great product this is. Won't use anything else!!
I love these diapers and my daughter does too! They fit her so well and they stay dry longer than any other brand I have used!! Highly recommend :-)
Fits & absorbs great for our newborn. Love Pampers!
highly rated product... definitely recommended product!
I had to use a different diaper at my mothers house and it was not as good as the swaddlers! I had to change the baby as she saoked through her clothes during nap time.....never switching again!!
I just don't know what i would do without Swaddlers, gone are the days for the leaky diapers
I love pampers it's all my daughter has used since she was born!
Love all pampers products! The only brand we use for our son!
I have tried several different brands of diapers for my little one and have found that Pampers are hands down the best for us!
When I had my first born son in 2008 everyone advised me to buy other brand diapers. I was new, I had no clue on what diapers to buy, I bought pampers about 3 months after my son was born since my baby shower guests bought the other brand and when I switched to pampers brand I was amazed at how awesome they were. In 2013 I had another baby, I made sure I bought this brand! I absolutely love pampers brand!
I love the strip on the diaper to tell you when the baby is wet and when the baby is dry. As a new mom and this being my first child I wasnt sure what diapers to use I started with Huggies and now I started using Pampers. Have awesome absorbency.
I love how the diaper just conforms to my baby's body, I like how they do not leak. These are really great for baby's who are sensitive to other diapers. I would highly recommend these to anyone.
We tried more than six types of diapers including the sensitive one. Swaddler is the best. It is soft, dry and very well fit. Although it is a little bit more expensive than the others. We switched to a cheaper type of diaper after my daughter is 10 month old.
PAMPERS DIAPERS REALLY HOLD EVERYTHING UP. WE NEVER HAVE ANY PROBLEMS WITH DIAPER LEAKING. OUR SON SEEMS TO BE VERY COMFORTABLE IN THEM.
My son was in huggies but they kept leaking. I tried pampers swaddlers and haven't had any issues since.
Very good diaper. changed from Baby Basics to Pamper. it never leaked so far.
I've tried almost all pampers products for my two kids.
Among them, this is the best one that I loved.
they work amazing on my daughter, the fit is perfect, they are soft and you can tell when she's wet
Pampers gas been great this Time around!!!! Pampers fits our 2 Month Old Son perfectly, Absorbs alot more then other Brands, which is perfect since our Son is very picky when it comes to Dirty Diapers already and a Box or Bag lasts alot longer then other Brands too!!! Pampers has definitely been a Life Saver!!!
Even though Pampers are probably the most expensive diapers on the market, I have always bought Pampers and only Pampers. Swaddlers are my favorite type and once my daughter graduated out of size 3 I was upset that I couldn't find 4s in swaddlers. I only went about a month without them and then Pampers started making them in 4s and 5s. However, most of the time I have to succumb to baby dries or cruisers when I am budgeting my money because you get significantly less swaddlers in one pack than baby dry and cruisers for the same price.
Love these for my newborn ...fits Perfectly n great absorbency!!!
Every other brand doesn't seem to work like pampers. Only diapers i'll ever use.
I love these Swaddlers! I have used them through all three of my kiddos and tell all my friends to use them too!
best product ever . these diapers work great !! never leaks and does not cause rashes at all . (a problem i had with other diapers) .i have even left this diaper on for 6+ hours and i must say that it holds up well and no rash or leaks .baby's bottom stays dry even when the diaper gets really full . love swaddlers diapers !!
I love pampers they are the only diapers I use for my son!
Nice product, the best of all I've been tested!My baby loves it.
I used these for my son when he was a newborn. I love the cut out for his belly button, perfect while you are waiting for the cord to fall off...so good.
Pampers swaddlers has been my go to choice for my baby's from the day they are born... my babies have seemed so comfortable in them and I have never seen an irritated Mark on their legs or belly like some other diapers do... I will say I miss when they didn't have the netting in them though.
These fit our newborn much better than the other brands without leaving excess -- we did have to fold over to avoid the umbilical cord though, so I don't think the umbilical cord notch is adequate.
no leaks and perfect fit. Just wish a little more affordable
Always love the swaddlers and wouldn't trade them for any other
a little pricey but whenever I go to baby showers always buy them from my friends
tried a lot of other brands but some smelled, some didnt fit right, I only use swaddlers.
I really loved these diapers when my son was smaller and was excited that they started making them in larger sizes
The Pampers 12 hour diapers are more absorbent but with the indicator on these you know quickly the baby needs changing so if your baby has a tendency for rashes these work perfectly as designed. So for what they are made for they get an excellent review from us.
This is a great product to have. I have purchased other brands and there is no comparison.
Pampers swaddlers seems to be the best absorbency pamper we have used and the fact that it stretches enough for comfort is great.
Great on sensitive skin and have a nice fit. Pretty expensive.
Great fit and no leaks!! My daughter is very active!!
Swaddlers dipers are great in terms of comfort and love the Umbilical cord notch . Best dipers ever!
They are much softer than other brands and they smell great.
I would highly recommend Pampers to new moms! They are definately the best as far as keeping baby as dry as possible! In the 16 months I have been using Pampers, I have not had one leak at all!!
We have two boys. One is 15 months old and the other a week old. Over the past year and a half we've tried several types of diapers and the Swaddlers by Pampers are by far our favorite for any occasion. We can count on our boys not waking up with a leaky diaper and always being comfortable whether playing at home or outdoors. They're a little pricier than the competition but well worth the peace of mind. Swaddlers are the #1 choice in diapers for our kids.
good.................................................
We have tried several brands of diapers, but love swaddlers the most! No leaks or rashes!! YAY.
love these diapers...fits great and keeps babies bottom dry...
I like the wetness indicator! It is a lifesaver when you are changing a diaper at night bc you just have to look for the indicator and don't have to open the diaper I. ORder to determine if you need to change it.
I have full confidence in putting these diapers on my 16 month old baby
Pampers Swaddlers are by-far my favorite diaper. They are so soft and I don't have to worry about my baby being uncomfortable or his diaper leaking. I do sometimes buy less expensive diapers just to save money.
We've been using Pampers Swaddlers since our son was born. They were the brand that he wore while in the hospital, and we kept using them thanks especially to the wetness indicator stripe. Eight months later, we're still buying Pampers Swaddles for everyday use.
Our daughter is now 6 months old and we have used pampers sensitive diapers since she was a newborn. The lower front for the umbilical cord is great so the diaper didn't rub and irritate her. Her skin is very sensitive but she has not had any problems with the Pampers Sensitive diapers. I would definitely recommend these to new parents.
I'm so happy with this product my baby girls only wore this brand.
Very soft. The wetness indicator is a great help. They fit nicely.
Great product, Always kept my baby dry and comfortable, great fit and never had a leak
We love the swaddlers diapers. My daughter was a preemie and we have used them from the beginning. They are great because the fit is great, even on her small frame. And we have hardly any leaks!!
We decided to use Swaddler's before our baby was born. The diaper's given to us in the hospital were also Swaddler's, so we knew we made the right choice. I like that the liner is functional and really does help keep our baby dry during her long stretch of sleep at night. The wetness indicator was fun for my 8 year old daughter. She was the "blue line" monitor. She knew that when that line turned blue, it was time to change our baby!
For my family, pampers worked the best! We started off with the swaddlers which we never had problems with leaking or anything like that. Now that our daughter is on the move, we switched to the cruisers and are happy with that as well.
Pampers is the best. I really like the quality. and how it keeps my baby dry.
best of all brands, cost a little more but so worth it! dry over the night and so good thru the day! no leaking thats important!
I love all pampers products especially this product.
Love this product.Will only buy Papers. Keeps baby and I happy.
I use pampers swaddlers with my baby and love how they fit!
I love pampers swaddlers! I have used size 1 & size 2 and think they have great absorbency! These are very high quality diapers and I recommend them to anyone who has a baby. Trust me, you will be very satisfied.
When my son was born, the hospital provided huggies. His "restroom" ran out of the sides of the diapers. I am so happy about swaddlers and how they have an added layer of protection to try to prevent that. It does hold urine well, but it seems kind of wet on the outside when I go to change the diaper.
Theses diapers are very absorbant she doesn't wake up soak in the morning and have to have her clothes and bed changed every morning
Definitely won't be disappointed if you purchase this product. They're roomy, soft, and the wetness indicator is a huge plus!
Everyone in babies family keeps their own stash of diapers. My son has worn a variety of different brands. I always feel the best when he is home and in his Pampers. They are the only diapers that he hasn't woken up in the middle of the night soaked in. They also contain his other 'outburst'. Pampers are by far the best choice.
Pampers are the best diapers no doubt I don't use any thing other than pampers
I love Pampers! They have always been dependable and keeps my baby's clothes dry. I would recommend them to anyone. I've gotten other brands as gifts and I've had to give them away because they don't absorb as much which leads to wet clothes!
I tried other diapers but always came back to Swaddlers. They really are the best. Great fit and the wetness indicator was invaluable for a new dad getting the swing of things.
Love these diapers! Perfect fit and no leaks. One of the only diapers I buy.
I love, love, love, pampers swaddlers! We have never had a leak even during the night. We started using them in the hospital and we are in size 3. No plans to change.
Pampers has been from generation to generation. My mom used them and now that I have my own babies, I used them as well. Love the way it has kept my babies dry for a long time. You don't see the diaper hanging when they are walking. I have tried other famous brands, but the following day I go back to pampers. My babies would also get a rash from other brands.
Using pampers swaddlers meant i didnt have to change my son of clothes like three or four times a day. With pamper swaddlers meant he would sleep comfortable through the night and no more accidents out of the diaper. I am very happy going to the store and buying the brand pampres because it keeps my son dry.
I have 3 boys and have tried other diaper brands but pampers swaddlers have never leaked and I will always buy them for my boys.
I am the nana sitter and these swaddlers are the greatest diapers I have ever used, and I have used a lot of them since the introduction of disposables. My grandson is a very big baby and eliminates as expected, without ever a leak, the need to change him is only about six times a day, What a pleasure to use a product that works as advertised and is affordable as well. Thank you for making this nana a happy daily sitter.
I love the Pampers Swaddlers! I tried a ton of different brands with my newborn and these were the best overall. They held up even through the longest night. While other diapers would leak and make a huge mess, the pampers have never let me down.
I wouldn't buy any other diaper for my baby. They fit great and smell great too.
I bought several brands of size one before baby arrived to figure out what I liked best. I like how pampers smell. They run bigger than other competitor brands too. I've only had a few overnight leaks, far less than other brands.
We were given Pampers swaddlers and wipes, along with several other brands, at my baby shower. We used only the Pampers for newborn and size 1 without any major blowouts, but when we got to the end of our size 1s I used a package of Huggies that I'd been given and had a MASSIVE blowout within the first day. We threw away the rest the package and immediately went out and bought more Pampers. I won't put my son in anything else. They fit great, the line helps with telling when he needs to be changed, and they hold so much!
Overall fit very well and have had no issues with the diapers.
At first we thought that they were defective when Connor kept leaking...but then we realized we needed a bigger size. :)
Pampers swaddlers are the greatest diapers I have ever used, I would not go back to any other brand. Own a daycare and no other diaper compares. Babies never leak and never have any rashes.
Swaddlers are great diapers! And hold more than other diaper brands!! Wouldn't use any other diaper!
At the hospital we started with Pampers. When we got home I used some diapers that we received from our baby shower that were huggies and did not like them at all. We only use pampers now
Pampers are all we use on our little one. We have had to use other brands in an emergency and they left our daughter with a rash and lots of leaks. Pamper Swaddlers are by far our favorites, but the Baby Dry work just as wonderful! I would high recommend Pampers 100 times over any other brand.
I like that they are not bulky and fit snug. I also like that they don't have velcro closures, my daughter can't unfasten them and take them off.
We have used pampers swaddlers on my daughter (now 7 months old) since birth, and they are by far my favorites. We tried some other diapers that were given as gifts, but none of them fit as well or were as absorbent as the pampers. For the last few months my daughter has the same diaper on overnight for at least 10 hours, and we have never had a leak nor has she ever had any diaper rash. Excellent product.
I will not buy anything else! I love Pampers Swaddlers! All other brands I have tried have left me with clothes to wash, messes to clean up and an extra bath to be given! Pampers keeps life easy with a baby!!
I absolutely love pampers diapers they are the best diapers around. They have a awesome absorbency level. 10 stars
I love the softness of the diapers and how absorbent they are!
Even with my toddler out of diapers, I always recommend these to new mothers. They are perfect for the little baby and they absorb more than the average diaper. I have sworn by pampers with both of my children and will continue to if more pregnancies come my way!
Finally your older baby can enjoy the softness they were accustomed to when they were brand new. Love the feel of this diaper.
I have been using Pampers and will use Pampers till my babay is on diapers
We absolutely love Pampers Swaddlers. We use them for our 2 year old girl and our 2 month old boy. We tried two other brands and donated all of the diapers because we hated dealing with the leaks. Pampers have never given us this problem!
Pamper is the best pampers i have used for my baby since he was born. Since he was born ive had no problem with leaking or what soever
I had my first pampers experience in the hospital when my baby was born. I love the wetness indicator and how soft the product is against my baby's skin. Would love it if Pampers would come out with a "green line" version that doesn't bleach their products to make them look white. Otherwise very happy with these diapers!
Fits well and keeps baby dry.
We never had any leaks.
I love Pampers Swaddlers because they wick moisture away from my daughter's skin keeping her drier and happier. Plus out of all the diapers I have tried, I have less blow outs using these.
As a first time mom I love pampers swaddlers!! We have been using them since coming home from the hospital and are now at Size 3. They fit great, keep him dry, and the wetness strip indicator is very nice and Grandparents love it! The price is a great value when you think about the quality of the product. We are definitely fans of the swaddlers and so glad they go to size 5 now!
we tried this in the hospital and then just made our mind this was just right for our newborn.
We have used swaddlers since my daughter was in the nicu and I have been so happy with them. I will not even bother with other brands.
I love pampers swaddlers! Kepps my baby dry all night, they are soft, and dont leek
pampers are great love them the keep my grandson dry & i will keep buying them
The wet indicator only hey works if your baby have a wet diaper I think it's great in love these papers
The swaddlers are great diapers! We use them for our preemie, and they fit so much better than other brands' preemie size diapers! We really like Pampers! :)
Being using pampers since my twins were born have used swaddlers for about a year and cruisers after then had no issues so far great fit smells good too
I have used Pampers for my little guy from day 1. I was given bags and bags of all sorts of diapers at my baby shower, and Pampers was hands down always the best for us as far as keeping baby dry, fitting properly, and being easy on his sensitive tush.

Swaddlers worked great for us, and I highly recommend them!!
These are the only diapers that we have found DO NOT leak through the night. Great fit.
This diaper is so FUN to put on my baby. It looks so simple and pretty, it's scent is so relaxing, it's fit is so great, and it pulls moisture away from baby's with mesh lining, but mesh does not stick to baby's skin. I just change diaper frequently.
I am a first time mom and I recieved TONS of various brands and sizes of diapers. I have hated almost all of the diapers, until I got to the Pampers swaddlers. FINALLY. A diaper that fits well, doesnt bunch up when my one month old moves around, which is AMAZING because when he pees, if he is laying down, it will leak right out and soak his clothes, and usually me if I am holding him, yet the diaper would be mostly dry. So frustrating! But pampers swaddler diapers stay put, absorb really well, and no more wet clothes, for baby or me!! Thank you so much Pampers!
Right before our daughter was born, we received a gift of free diapers for a year. I tried pampers swaddlers and loved them for my daughter. Dont really see us choosing anything else after the year is up.
Great fit and absorbency compared to other competitive brand. This brand was used in the hospital as well. Great absorbency and prevented leakage.
I had my 3rd daughter 5 months ago. Between my 2nd and 3rd daughter, Pampers came out with larger sizes in swaddlers. As I was preparing for my baby, I was stocking up on diapers as I could. My mother knew I was stocking up and so she bought me 2 packs of Pamper Swaddlers size 3. With my 2nd daughter, I was only aware of Swaddlers going up to size 2 and so that was as long as I kept my babies in them. Quite to my dismay since they fit so well and I rarely had any problems with them leaking. With my mothers gift to me with my 3rd daughter, I just assumed I wouldn't want Swaddlers in a size 3 as I had usually just gone to Cruisers. I planned on exchanging them at the store but got too busy as you might expect with a 3 month old so when I needed another pack of diapers, I pulled the Swaddlers down from my diaper closet. Much to my surprise, I LOVED the size 3's and look forward to stocking more of those in my diaper closet for future use with my daughter. I found the size 3's had all the same qualities I loved with the 1's and the 2's. Great fit, soft to the touch and on my baby's skin, no leaks. I absolutely love Pampers Swaddlers and will continue to use them with any future babies. Thanks for a great product!!
Pampers is the only diaper I would put on my baby. Other big names do not even compare.
they are very good all around the only thing i sihsed is they were not so expensive
I Love Pampers swaddlers!! The product is great from the line indicator to the softness to the dryness even the PRICE!!! When my baby was wet he didn't look wet and that is exactly what i was looking for in a diaper. I Have Recommended all my pregnant friends and friends who already have babies to switch.
I am having my 4th baby in June and I will not put my newborn in any other diaper.
There are no negatives about this product. These diapers keep my baby super dry throughout the night even when he pet's multiple times. They also have a line to indicate when the diaper is wet which makes things much easier!
After trying Many name and store brand diapers I keep going back to pampers! I'm a first time mom and had no idea what to look for when buying diapers. I absolutely love pampers swaddlers! The quality of materials used is definitely put to a high standard! I have used other brands and they just don't match up! Pampers are softer, more durable, and of course cuter! I plan on sticking with pampers!
I used swaddlers for the first time in the hospital when my son was born. Instantly I knew these were the perfect diapers for him. The fit and absorbency was great! I really loved the cotton feel to them as well. A year and a half later and we are still using them and couldn't be more happier that they are now available in up to a size 5.
The dry-est product i would recommend for babies everywhere.
Pampers Swaddlers are great! They are my favorite diapers for new borns. They fit well, have great absorbency, are super soft for sensitive skin. The only diapers I use
Best fit for our 3 month old! Super absorbent and fits him well!
I love the wetness indicator on the Swaddlers! Tried Huggies but did not like them at all and immediately switched back to Pampers. I even like the Pampers wipes better too.
I'm a first time mom, expecting in June 2014, but have been getting use to newborns/infants by keeping family/friends' children. Most have used this particular diaper and until I began babysitting for them I had no interest whatsoever. But the more and more I kept their children, I was noticing I was using these every day, and REALLY liking the results from them. I've never seen any other diaper fit properly and comfortably providing a GREAT protection from leakage. I've also noticed that they work extremely well for overnight protection as well! I will definitely be buying and stocking up on these as I near my due date! I'm one satisfied mommy to be and can't wait to use this product on my little one!! Thank you!!
No strong scents for not being Pampers Sensitive. Very absorbent, great fit for my little guy!
Love these diapers! They are the only ones we use!
Very good product for babies of all ages. Worth the price .
They fit perfect, they are soft and they do the job. No Leakage!!!
I have always used pampers with my 2.5 year old son. Other diapers we tried either leaked immediately after he peed or some couldn't handle his overnight wetness. Pampers swaddlers are so soft and have always kept him completely dry. I always recommend them to all my friends! The only draw back for me is they're pretty expensive but I always say you get what you pay for! The best feature is the wetness indicator. Never again do you have to guess whether or not your child is wet!! I also LOVED the umbilical cord notch when he was a newborn so I didn't have to fold his diaper down. He's in a size 5 now and the fit is now and has always been perfect. We're fixing to move into the pampers pull-ups and I expect nothing less than the quality I've experienced with their diapers!!!
I really like these diapers. I have used them with 2 kids now and compared to other diapers they seem to last longer and don't leak through if it gets to be a little longer between changes.
I am a nanny and I have watched children from 2 months to 5+ years. Pampers are the only diaper I recommend! The swaddlers are soft and absorbent and keep the moisture away from babies skin while keeping everything in the diaper and not on clothes no matter how active the child.
We have used underjams for six months now, and absolutely love how they keep our son nice and dry throughout the night!
When my son was born I tried a few different generic brands as well as Huggies and they all gave my son an extremely raw bum. I starting using Pampers Swaddlers and have not had a single issue with bum rash since. I would recommend this product to anyone looking for a great diaper, especially if their little one has sensitive skin. I also love the convenient line that lets you know if your little one is wet, its the icing on the cake!
I went through several diaper products before coming across Pampers Baby Dry. They were the only ones that absorbed well and kept my son dry.
Pampers is a great brand, I recommend this product.
I love all pamper product's. ..cant compare and beat for quality, absorbency and price. They hold much longer than any other brand out there. Dry baby...happy mom!
Love how fits and absorbs, even when she sleeps. Holds like a charm.
Great product. I wouldn't risk trying any other brands.
These are the best diapers. Great for overnight protection from leaking!
My little has been using this product since she was born. I couldn't ask for a better diaper.
The diapers fit better than others we have tried and we have had less blowouts. The diapers also pack smaller than others so we can take more with us in less space
I really loved pampers swaddler for my son. Other diapers seemed to leave a mess. Pampers always kept him dry.
I always put my 3 month son in pampers swaddlers since the day he was born never have had leaking issues with pampers but i did with huggies in the past
We've been using Pampers almost exclusively since our daughter was born in 2013. We have never had a leak out of them! She is always dry and they do not cause any irritation on her sensitive backside. Overall, we love Pampers.
So my Daughter Father is A huge fan of Swaddles I always thought he buys them because there good diapers but its an easy way to know when its time to change his baby. It makes his daddy duty so much easier. I call it Cheating.
These diapers are great. Keeps my little girl dry and comfortable overnight.
The best choice to stay dry overnight. For extra protection, go up a size if your baby is near the top of the size range.
I have a 3 month old... when he was first born I used a mixture of pampers and huggies. The hospital gave me pampers while my baby shower guests gave me huggies... I knew after using pampers for a week, that I would only use them. I absolutely love pampers diapers. They keep my baby dry, never had a leak. He's gone through newborn, size 1, size 2, and now size 3! They have all been great... no rashes and he's always comfortable. I completely recommend new moms to use pampers! :-)
Love swaddlers because they let you know with the line if wet or not
Excellent products. Have been using the products since my little one was born.
Great diapers! Used them with my little one from birth till about 6 months old.
These days we don't buy diapers without a wetness indicator. We found that it helps us decipher what is making our daughter unhappy. These diapers fit well and the indicator makes answering the question, "Is she wet?" a breeze!
I absolutely LOVE Swaddlers! They are the softest diaper I have used for my boys, and yet, are super absorbent. I found both boys didn't get diaper rashes when I used these, but did with other brands/types.
Great fit for newborns and love the wetness indicator
I stop people buying diapers in the stores and tell them that they need to try Swaddlers. When you have a crying baby, the sooner you can figure out what's wrong, the sooner you can have a happy baby. Seeing a blue stripe (what I call the Blue Stripe of Misery) has saved me lots of time in helping my baby get comfortable. I had told him that he had to be toilet trained before he outgrew size 3 because the stripe wasn't on larger sizes. We are all happy now that the stripe is available in sizes 4 and 5.
Love the fit and it seems to keep my babies skin dryer than other brands,
Pampers brand of Diapers are just amazing the best part is the line in the front of the diaper that let's you know that your child has used the restroom.
I have tried other diapers for my daughter and nothing has worked as well as pampers swaddlers! They never leak and fit her like a glove!! Will never use anything else.
I wouldn't buy any other brand except pampers was is and always will be best choice
I love pampers products. The diapers absorb a lot and fits perfectly on babys bottom, they have different sizes for all ages. Baby stays dry longer and able to crawl/walk around with out the diaper causing problems. Pampers wipes are soft for babies bottoms. The products are great I would recommend to a friend. Thanks pampers products!
They are so soft and gentle on the skin. I used them for both my kids. I prefer them over any other brand out there.
My mother used pampers with my younger sister and I felt comfortable with them. When having my own I knew I would use pampers. I did receive and therefore try other brands but realized I wasn't liking them. I love pampers, how they look and feel on my son. Other brands would bulk up quick and make it look as though he had a full diaper when he wasn't.
I use these diapers on my baby and they are perfect for him.
pampers Is the best dippers on this world
tank you
LOVE THE WAY THIS FITS ON MY SON, AND HOW ABSORBENT THIS IS !
Pampers can really do no wrong. I use all their products!!!
As a mom of now 3 babies, and an aunt to 5 little ones, I have used SOOOO many different brands of diapers! Pampers Swaddlers are by far the best diapers for little behinds :) Especially the brand-new babies!
These are reasonably priced and a great fit, ive never had any issues with leaking. They are really absorbent, especially with poo - the mesh seems to trap the poo and pull it away from the skin meaning the skin is less irritated and as an added bonus, its easier to clean and you use less wipes. The strip to tell you when baby is wet is really great, especially in the early days when it can be difficult to work out if they are crying because they are wet or hungry or just want a hug. I think I saved on diapers by using this. Overall great product and I would recommend for newborns.
These diapers are the best on the run! or just around a busy at home day! The color changing line when the diaper is we it a life saver!
Best diapers ever. My son has sensitive skin and these are the only diapers that do not irritate his skin. Happy baby makes a happy mommy!
I Love Pampers Diapers you get better absorbency compared to the rest. I trust pampers diapers to keep my baby nice and dry to Thank you.
Pampers swaddlers diapers are really helpful to first time parents. If you're not sure if baby is wet the wetness indicator makes it so easy to tell. My boyfriend especially loved the convenience of being able to just check for a yellow or blue line!
Love this products. I can leave a diaper overnight without leaks! Love it~
These are seriously the best diapers on the planet. I love the quilted patter on the inside, my three month old baby girl hardly ever notices she went potty!!
These diapers work wonderfully for my little guy. They are the only ones he doesn't leak in.
Pampers diapers are absolutely wonderful! They are dry, fit great and I never have a problem with leakage!
I have never been as happy with a diaper brand as I have been with Pampers. There swaddlers diapers have always been #1 and we never had a leak of any sort! 12 hours protection, no problem!
Upon the arrival of our first born, my husband and I were bombarded with packages of diapers of different brands and sizes. The ones we love the best are the Pampers Swaddlers. They fit snuggly around her legs even when she is rolling and scooting everywhere. She is four months and the only diaper she has not had a blow out in are the pampers.
Quality in the diapers are great, they fit wonderfully and keep my baby nice and dry
These diapers are amazing, I love the fit and how they don't irritate my babies skin. She is flexible and stays dry during the nights.
I used these diapers for both of my children from birth until I could no longer use them after a certain size. I used several different types of diapers with my son and these diapers were the only ones that he was not highly sensitive to. He was miserable in every other diaper, except these!
Love the Swaddlers' protection - we hardly ever have a blowout and thanks to the moisture wicking, we never have diaper rashes!
We have a twin boy and girl 2 months old. We had to give him Pampers after the other major brand leaked constantly. Pampers holds liquid in very well and haven't had an incident since.
Since my son was born, he did not have sensitive skin, but I still bought my first pack of Diapers: Pampers Swaddlers Sensitive. I loved how thin and soft the diaper was and how it still was so absorbent and stayed on. As he grew, he is now using Size 3 diapers and I still buy Pampers Swaddlers Sensitive Diapers. They work great through the night for 12 hours! He never has any skin irritations. I love them and recommend them to all my friends!
Truly leak proof for our son. He can sleep through the night in swaddlers.
We have only used Pampers diapers since our baby was born. They are absorbant and so soft and gentle on his sensitive skin. We wouldn't use any other brand.
First time mother, great product. Loved the fit and absorbancy
I used pampers with al my Children, and I just can said that I love the product because it maintained my baby dry the whole night!
Hands down, the best diapers on the market. I have 4 kids and have been changing diapers for 7 years nonstop. I've tried all brands and subcategories within brands. All 4 of my kids have very sensitive skin and Swaddlers are the only diapers I have found that do not cause / contribute to diaper rash. I recommend the Sensitive Swaddlers for N-2 sizes if your babies have very irritation-prone skin like mine did. I thought the wetness indicator was kinda gimmicky at first but once you've had it, you'll agree that it's pretty awesome, especially for those middle if the night feelings/changes. I was so pleased that Pampers started making Swaddlers in larger sizes. I'll continue to use these until potty training time. I used to be forced into Cruisers but I'm really not a fan of those because they don't fit as well as Swaddlers (leaks out the leg holes), they aren't as soft (leading to itchiness and scratching...and more skin cream applications to calm irritated skin) and they are not as absorbent (liquid seeping out onto pj's and sheets...and let's face it, those crib sheets are a major pain to change!). The only drawback to these is the price. Per diaper they are likely the most expensive, and that's too bad because it prices out a lot of people whose babies could really benefit from a good, non-irritating diaper.
Swaddlers are my favorite diaper offered from pampers. The sensitive even better. They have the wetness detecting line that turns blue when wet. Great for babysitters, my grandmother, to tell if it needs to be changed instead of undoing the diaper each time or letting my son sit in a wet diaper. I also love the tabs. They stretch to give a more secure fit to my baby's body type.
Pampers Swaddlers works wonders for my newborn! These diapers contour to my baby's body, hosting a secure, comfortable fit! Thus far I have had no issues with absorbency and/or leaking and plan to continue purchasing this particular item! I would definitely recommend this product to any mom!
I loved using swaddlers on my son. As a new mom the wetness indicator is wonderful! Definitely a new mom must!!
We received lots of different brands of diapers at our baby shower. After trying them all over the last month I can say, without a doubt, these are the best. Superior in all ways. We won't use anything else now!
These diapers are better than any other brand I have tried!
I love pampers my son has been wearing these since he was born. Never had a problem with these.
i used pampers swaddlers for my daughter my first child and loved them! im pregnant with my second and definitely using them again
I used these for my son. its very comfortable for him. nice absorbency.Wetness Indicator is very useful to check them.
Inside the diaper the netted liner makes my son feel happy. I would suggest these diapers to use for other babies too.
I have 5 children and have used pampers with all of them. My last 2 children I use swaddlers and I absolutely love them!. The way they fit, the dryness feel of them, they're so soft and most of all they smell so good and fresh. I will continue to use pampers swaddlers now and for my future children.
Best diaper ever !!!! Wouldnt use anything else !!
The diaper is really soft and comfortable. My baby appreciates this.
Had 29wk preemie twin boys and have used pampers swaddlers since birth. Today the boys are 14mos and we're still using swaddlers. I gave them a 4 star on dryness only because recently one of my boys wakes up in the morning (after 11hrs of sleep) and his onesie is damp at the area of the top front of the diaper. BUT, like previously stated, this is a new thing and could be time for us to go up a size. We would recommend pampers swaddlers to everyone, we LOVE them!
For a baby born with 3 pounds of weight these are the perfect diapers. They have kept her soft and cuddled up with the perfect swaddle blanket.
My little one had issues with diapers. It seemed all of the brands that we tried that were supposedly the same quality as Pampers would make for horrible discomfort for my daughter. We tried swaddlers and it was the first time she slept through the night and didnt have an issue with diaper rash! They fit great and leakage protection was awesome!
Diapers are great. Very absorbent and fit well,stretchy so they don't get too tight.
My son and I love these diapers - well me mostly. He doesnt like wet pants so the wetness indicator line is great. He used them in the nicu so we just kept him in them when he came home. We are a pampers family!
I've been putting pampers on my children for years there's not a better brand yet i love how their thin yet hold everything that needs to be held in and keeps the baby dry no matter how many children i have pampers is a friend of mine thanks pampers and i always tell friends and families
No leaks and very absorbent. It keeps my baby dry all the time.
Pampers Swaddlers are the only ones i would and will use on my newborn they are soft and not hard like all of other brands. They fit good and i like that they have the notch for the the cord...
Thank you Pampers!!
Great diapers, these are especially my favorite for the newborn stage. Love that they have the wet indicator.
I absolutely love the color change for the wet diapers. No peaking to check if they are wet. Just a simple glance and you have your answer. The mesh lining is also really nice. It keeps the wet portion of the diaper from touching their skin. I wonder if Pampers had thought about puting these things on the baby dry diapers.
The swaddlers are great for my 7 week old, though they do run slightly smaller than the baby dry kind
I have two kids and have used pampers swaddlers and cruisers and love them! They are soft and absorbent and we couldn't be happier!
It's so bitter sweet to think that when I was a baby, back home (Communist country) , there was no availability to use any time of diper, instead my Mom had used cloth dippers.
I am so happy to have Pampers, as they are the best to use for your child.
My little munchkin is 6.5 months old and he has not had a diper rash,thanks to Pampers.
Out of all the diaper brands i tried with my newborn, i decided to stay with the pampers swaddlers since they keep my baby drier and don't get bulky when the diaper is dirty.
We have used Pampers on our little one since her birth and have only rarely had a leak (probably due to user error like the diaper was not put on securely). We recently switched back to the Swaddlers after trying the Cruisers because it seems my little one was more sensitive to the Cruisers. When we switched to the Cruisers her bottom turned red. This was at the same time she really started eating solid food so at first we attributed the redness to that. Once we switched back to the Swaddlers the redness cleared right up after just a couple of days. We love them.
I've been using Pampers Swaddlers since I brought my daughter home. I LOVE the indicator that lets me know as soon as there is any wetness! I did try other diaper brands when I first got home but Pampers is the one diaper I've found that does not cause diaper rash!
I can't say enough GREAT things about the Pampers products! The Swaddlers Sensitive are awesome too. They are hard to find in my area. But that yellow to blue indicator is just fantastic!
This is the only type of diapers I will use. It's super conveinent to have the dirty diaper "line"
: ))
I love Pampers Swaddlers. It is super nice for my baby girl. Now When she started crawling, this diaper also fit well in size 3! No rash,never!
This is a good quality diaper, doesn't leak like others we've tryed
Pampers are great! They keep dry and don't seem to leak!
I have been using nothing but pampers and my daughter is in a size 5 swaddler and it's amazing how much they absorb!! Great product and recommend it to everyone!!!
Pampers Newborn diapers were given to me in the hospital so I have continued to use them because I like that they are bigger, more absorbent and I LOVE the wetness indicator! Only when we have a really bad diaper do we feel that they leak a bit on the sides, but it also might be time to go to the next size!
I am a new mom and received boxes of both pampers and Huggies for my baby shower once I ran out of my pampers I used the Huggies brands that I was given. I tried three diapers and each of the three diapers leaked terribly and instantly. I gave my open packs of Huggies away......pampers are the much better choice!
my son sleeps 8 hours a night and these are the only diapers i have seen so far that don't leak. these are the only diapers i use now!
the best brand out there is definitely pampers. they are my favorite
Pampers diapers fit my 7 month old baby girl very well.They keep her dry during the night and rarely leak. I highly recommend them.
This is my third time around with a newborn and I would not choose a different diaper. My little girls have stayed dry from day one and I love how delicate these diapers are on my daughters very sensitive skin. The wet indicator is awesome for new parents. Besides the occasional blow-out that every baby will have, these diapers have kept us dry and clean for 3 babies now.
Pampers Swaddled are my favorite diapers to buy. They are soft, and gentle on my little ones bum. They hold in the mess well.
These are the only diapers I use. They are a perfect fit, super absorbant and they are great for bedtime. Other brands leak during the night, I don't have any problems with pampers.
I love pampers swaddlers. I never have to worry for a leak over night. My daughter is 4 months old and we will continue to use pampers for as long as she needs diapers. We used them for our 8 year old daughter too, they didnt have the line indicators then, which I really like now. I am also excited that swaddlers go up passed size 2 now!

:)
I love the softness of the swaddlers as well as the fit!!!
We've been using Pampers Swaddlers since my daughter was born. She is now almost 21 mos and we still use them. My husband still loves the fact that they have the color change stripe so he can easily know when she is wet. We are getting ready for baby #2 to arrive any day now and already have purchased Pampers Swaddlers for her as well.
When our daughter was first born, these are the diapers we put her in. they are soft, fit great, and most importantly kept her dry! Pampers are the only diapers that we use on her to this day!
Great diaper! Love the quality! Just a little expensive. But you get what you pay for!
I used the Swaddlers to make a diaper cake and the mom just absolutely loved the cake and the diapers!
The hospital uses this diaper when our baby's delivered. And he seems that he likes it. It's soft and easy to use, however it doesn't have the soothing smell of Pampers Sensitive Diaper, but other than that, they are both great diapers.
Pampers diapers are such a great fit. I have bought pampers since the day my daughter was born.
These are the diapers I received from people at my shower and I've been using them ever since! They work so wonderfully and leave my little one dry!
These are the only ones that keep everything in and don't cause a BLOW OUT!! ;-)
I love this product it helps me see if my son has to be changed without always smelling or pulling the side out to check and make sure so I don't always have to wake him up
I love using Pampers products!I prefer them over all other brands! One of the best things about these diapers it how comfortable they fit her!
puts a a smile on my baby's face every time I change her diaper using this product. excellent product!!!
I love how the tabs stretch on these diapers. They fit perfectly on my little ones.
These are hands down THE best diapers. I tried a few brands, but these were the best and had very few blow outs when my baby was a newborn and now in size four, they are still the best. Also he has never had a really bad rash.
Pampers Swaddlers are the best diapers I have ever bought hands-down. They are incredible. I tried several different brand before purchasing Pampers Swaddlers and every one leaked, didn't fit right, or caused my children to break out in rash. No need to try anymore! They are phenomenal quality for the price, fit well, and have never leaked or caused my babies to break out in rash. Thank you Pampers for creating a wonderful product that I will continue to use!
I've used Pampers, Huggies, and Luvs. The Pampers do a better job than them all. I love the way Pampers fit my son and keep him dry. Noticed how with Huggies his diaper would
leak and that is why I switched to using Pampers. Love the quality!
I've always been a fan a pampers, I used them for my 1st and now I am using them on my second and I am still very satisfied. Trust this mom when I say they are truly amazing. My 1st NEVER had a rash when I used them. And so far same for my second. Thank you pamper for your amazing product.
These diapers have a great fit and last overnight.
Pamepers Swaddlers are my go to diapers when I have a baby. I have six sons and Pampers Swaddlers are the only diapers I trust on their delicate skin!
I've tried other brands and found that Swaddlers are softer, dryer and protect better. I'm sticking with Swaddlers.
As a mom to 11month old triplets-I can't play a guessing game with diapers. We buy Pampers because they work. The Cruisers are great right now while they're crawling all over and beginning to walk.
I am a new mom and Pampers are by far the best brand of diaper. I prefer the swaddlers because the fit nicely. Not thst my son is on the move this has become more imprtant than ever.
I switched to Huggies for about 2 weeks because they were cheaper but the saving isn't worth it. My son had such bad diaper rash that I will never put any diaper on him except Pampers. Pampers are the best!
I have used swaddlers since my son was born. A few months back, a friend gave us huggies and LUVS. I will never buy those. After using the huggies, my son's clothes were soaking wet. After using the LUVS, he developed a diaper rash, something we had never seen since he has been in this world.
These are the diapers I used for my little one when she was a newborn all the way up to size 2. They were far more absorbant than any other brand I tried. I couldn't believe how soft they were! And they didn't make the plastic crinkle noise like other diapers.
Very soft for my newborn's skin and they stay dry through several hours of sleeping during the night.
These work great for our baby girl. She doesn't get blow outs in them and they hold quite a load.
Pampers swaddlers are our favorite diaper for our 5 month old son! He is free to move and play, and he sleeps with them all night. Great product!
I used Pampers Swaddlers with my first child and loved them so much that when I got pregnant with my twins I asked everyone who wanted to gift us diapers to only purchase this product! We love our Pampers Swaddlers!
Since my son has diaper rashes with every other diaper except for Pampers Swaddlers, I know that I can trust this diaper on my son and him being comfortable!!
I love pampers swaddlers diapers! If your baby is not sensitive to the product I would definitely recommend these diapers over any other diaper!
Being a new mother, Pampers has been a reliable source to help keep my baby dry, comfortable and happy. The diapers fit so well and have no leakage issues.
With my first daughter 9 years ago, I absolutely loved Huggies. But when we had our 2nd daughter, Huggies would leak and there would be the little clear gel balls (stuff from the inside of the diaper) on her skin when I would change a really wet diaper. So we tried several different types of diapers and by far....Pampers is the best!!!! With the Pampers swaddlers, I love the wetness indicator which helped me know sooner when she had gone. I would love to continue getting these diapers but have also enjoyed the Pampers Cruisers which does give you more diapers for the same amount that you pay for the Swaddlers. The only difference is the wetness indicator from what I can tell but we seem to be doing just fine without it.
Our daily diaper that fits best. The Color-changing wetness indicator is a nice feature.
Pampers products are amazing. When compared to the competitions, the competitions don't stack up!
This is a great product and always has been. I will continue to purchase them as the quality is great.
this is the best choice for new born or very young babies, they're soft, fit and have indication. we used swaddled for our two children till they're 8months old.
I love Pampers diapers over other brands. They fit nicely and are easier to put on especially when LO is kicking around. I have tried other leading brand diapers but pampers is the ones we use!
Pampers Swaddlers is a GREAT choice for new moms wanting a QUALITY diaper. The diapers have a color changing wetness indicator which lets you know when it's time for a diaper change; I have used Pampers for both my daughter and son...and currently still using for my 5 month old..I wouldn't use any other brand of diapers b/c there is NO comparison. Pampers is simply the BEST!!
Being a new mom I went through different brands and much prefer Pampers. Keep my little one dry during the night.
These diapers fit great and are very absorbant even over night when my son sleeps 10+hours.
Have used nothing but pampers swaddlers, they are great! Love the color changing strip on them. Never had a problem with leaking. Will keep buying them!
We have been using the Swaddlers for our three children. It is excellent for the little ones, so much better than babydry and little snugglers.
My daughter wets through Luvs, and pampers are the only brand that she doesn't soak through at night! fits great, love them. Will not use any other brand
Since day 1 my son has been allergic to all brands of diapers - except Pampers. So I have tried them all - Baby Dry, Cruisers, Sensitive, you name it, he's worn it. Well I was very impressed with the absorbancy of the Baby Dry, so I have been sticking with those for a while. But I recently received a few samples of the Swaddlers in a box of the Active Dry, and they not only had better absorbency, but they actually FIT his active little body so much better!!! I really wish I got more in each box (you get 144 of the Active Dry but only get 120 of the Swaddlers - for the same price)... However, the quality of these ones are amazing!! I am willing to pay the same price for 20% more absorbency and a better fit. Well done, yet again, Pampers!!
Being a mom of 3 going on 4 I don't have time to worry about how well my diapers are going to hold up. I have trusted Pampers since the birth of my first child. I have tried other brands, and they don't even come close to the quality of Pampers.
I love using pampers but I wish they would fit like huggies and hug the baby I think that would be awesome!
Love these for my baby girl! Fit is great also! Would recommend
We have used several other brands, but Pampers always worked best for our daughter. With Pampers we change less frequently. It feels softer on skin. I would strongly recommend.
These diapers are the best ones out there for little babies. I used these exclusively for the first 5 months of my little ones lives. So soft and they work great!!!
We love Pampers Swaddlers, our baby is 4 months old and we have used them almost exclusively. They fit to his legs much better than other brands we have tried. He pees quite a bit during the night and the diapers absorb everything and he is dry in the morning. We will try to continue and use Pampers Swaddlers as long as we can!
Love the quality of these diapers! Most diapers cost around the same price but these are at the top of the quality. Durable but soft and very gentle on baby skin.
I love using Pampers Swaddlers on my little one. The fits is the best I have found.
We love our pampers swaddlers! They fit our LO perfectly and we haven't had any leaks or diaper rash.
I absolutely loved Swaddlers for the first several months of my little ones. The diaper itself is soft on the inside and the outside which I found to be important for both of our children during those first several months. The softer the better when it comes to contact with our babies' skin. As soft as the Swaddlers are they are still very absorbent and we had very few problems with leakage. Occasional blow-outs and extra wiggly days would cause some leakage but this was rare. I loved being able to quickly look at the wetness stripe to see if they needed a change. The Swaddlers are more expensive but well worth the money at the beginning stages. I did find that once we were ready to move to Size 3 and 4 diapers that Swaddlers were still fantastic but I could get away with less expensive diapers.
When my Son Zavien was first born I will admit that I tried all sorts of different diapers and that is mainly because I received so many different kinds at my baby shower. After what I consider to be complete failures with literally every single other diaper I made the smart decision to stick with Pampers. Pampers is sensitive enough for Zavien's fragile skin yet contains maximum absorbency. I am hooked and so is Zavien! And that is exactly why if it's not Pampers it's not happening!
I am a frugal person, and almost always buy store-brand. But when our son was born, no store brand (or other name brand, for that matter) diapers worked to prevent leaks! In fact, another name brand consistently leaked EVERY TIME. Pampers Swaddlers were a lifesaver. I definitely recommend them to anyone else struggling with leaks.
I love how the stripes turn green. It is a great way to tell if they are wet.
My husband and I were very happy with this product. THe best part about it for him was the wetness indicator. It helps us stay on top of our son's diaper changes, especially when he was a newborn and we couldn't tell the difference between the softness of the diaper or whether it was a little squishy from being wet.
These swaddlers are so super soft and have a great fit to baby's legs. They also are great on leaks.... I feel with boys, it is harder to keep baby from leaking....these worked great!
In this household, only Pampers will do. They keep my 9 month old baby girl dry and comfortable!
Tried other brands and none compared to pampers swaddlers! They fit well and don't chafe or irritate my baby's skin like other brands did.
I think Pampers Swaddlers Diapers are a great quality diaper. I especially like the color-changing wetness indicator. It is a huge help when deciding whether my little one is wet or not. I had used other diaper brands and found myself looking for the wetness indicator every time I went to change him, and when it was not there I definitely missed it! The diapers never leak, even when my baby sleeps in them overnight! I would recommend Pampers Diapers to anyone!!
I have tried multiple diaper brands and found that Pampers Swaddlers work best for my 8 mo. old. He stays dry and comfortable overnight... sleeping 10 hrs. My husband and I love the wet strip indicator; saves on wasted diapers. These fit out LO best of all brands tried (over 4 kinds) - he is a wiggler on & off the changing table.
i like pampers products really well, they are soft baby loves it.
We have tried Huggies and Luvs both has leaked with wet and dirty diapers!! Never pampers though! And my little one's bottom stays rash free with pampers little movers or swaddlers!
We love the newborn swaddlers diapers, they keep our baby dry and we love the wetness indicator.
We are still using the newborn size because our baby boy is narrow waisted and has skinny legs. Our boy is 11 weeks old and weighs just over 12 pounds and these diapers still keep him dry!! Thank you for an excellent product. We tried one of the other brands and we had several wet outfits and one blow out...we will continue to trust pampers for our needs.
I have tried other brands of diapers and while I save a little money at the time of purchase I end up spending more money since the quality of the diaper is not as good. I recommend pampers to all my mommy friends.
Great product definitely recommend this to anyone who wants yo keep the baby dry.
My son has tried Huggies and Luvs ...pampers are the only ones that work for us! Love em
The pampers swaddlers provide an excellent fit for our little girl. We tried several others and experienced leakage- we have not had that problem with the swaddlers
We have been using Pampers Swaddlers since early on. We tried other brands and they would make our little one breakout. We love that they are great on his sensitive skin. We love how soft they are on our baby's skin. They are super absorbent and we love the wetness indicator. We would recommend this product to anyone.
Pampers Swaddlers are great diapers. We have also tried Huggies, Luvs, and store brands and Pampers Swaddlers are by far the best out there! Store brand tended to give my daughter diaper rash and Huggies leaked. Pampers Swaddlers are very soft and therefore seem more comfortable and not as bulky as store brand and Luvs. I also love the net like layer that separates the wet diaper from baby's skin- I think that is the reason for the store brand diaper rash problem.
Pampers are great quality diapers i have used them with both of my children & I am due soon with my 3rd & will only be using pampers for her as well!
I have tried every brand I'd diapers to "save money" but nothing compares to the quality of pampers!!! I will never go to another diaper!
We choose Pampers as our preferred product because of value, absorbency, and ease of use. We rather like the Swaddlers because of the color changing strip that tells you when the baby is wet. Overall, we love the Pampers over all other diapering products.
I love these Diapers!! Extremely soft and fit perfectly. I had my baby a month and a week early and had to miss my baby shower until after she was born. I received these diapers free from the hospital and became addicted to pampers.
Swaddlers were the only diapers I could find with the mesh lining that keeps dirty & wet diapers from leaking out of the sides during the night. Saves time & money from having to wash a nighty, receiving blanket & fitted sheet EVERY morning! When your a first time mommy (or any mommy for that matter), it's all about thinking ahead & making regular daily chores more convenient. Thanks Pampers!
This product I will always buy.
Good job pampers company
Pampers fit our children perfectly and prevent leaks. We have tried other brands, but always ended up needing to do more laundry as they just could not hold everything in. Pampers are definitely the softest diapers. Both of our children have sensitive skin, yet we have never struggled with diaper rashes while using Pampers. We will continue to use them!
When my son was born I never dreamed he would have allergy's to diapers along with a lot of food and other random things but the doctors told me that I had to put my son in cloth diapers due to the chemicals in diapers they would burn the skin off his butt I tried them and hated it then I tried every diaper I could finally I tried swaddlers and my son has not had a rash 16 months I am one happy mom!!! Thank You Pampers....
After trying several different options, we chose swaddlers for our son who is now 10 mos. He has used them from NB to now size 3. We already have the size 4s waiting for him.
I recently tried Target diapers after using Pampers for the first seven months of my daughter's life and was very disappointed!! Her bum was red and they were not as soft as Swaddlers!! Nothing compares. I'll never switch again!
The best diapers out there. Tried others and nothing even comes close to the protection and absorbancy
Love the softness of the diaper and the wetness indicator.
Baby is 13 months and we've never had any leaks! I tried Huggies and the diapers felt weird and gross after they were wet
Pampers Swaddlers have been amazing for both me and my son. I started out with Huggies when I brought him home from the hospital, and he wet through them every time, to where I was constantly changing his clothes. So glad I decided to try Pampers. I will always go back to these. Happy to hear they go up to a size 5 now. Definitely sticking with these diapers, I cannot say enough good things about them. Fit, softness, etc. AWESOME!
These pampers are great. I would keep using them & recommend to others. My baby wears them all night & still is dry & holds through the night.
Best diapers that fit my baby based on weight. Love the strip that changes colors to let mothers know when baby is wet.
pampers swaddlers is skin friendly and soft for newborns baby soft skin and helps to keep them dry and right fit for babies
I always knew that I would be a pampers mom, just didn't know which of the pampers diapers I would use the most, so I was glad when a friend bought me a box of these, who knew they would be the same type the hospital uses as well, I haven't experienced a single leak with them
I love to use pampers with my third baby. before I used to use Haggies and I like it, but when I tried pampers I understood that with this baby I'll definitely use pampers.
Fit was just right for a tall baby and they did not leak.
I have tried all brands. Pampers are HANDS DOWN the best! Super in all categories!!
Pampers are the best diapers out there on the market. We used other brands that were given at our baby shower and my son blew through and leaked through others. Never has had any problems with pampers .
We have always used pampers and they are our go to diaper for nighttime for sure!
pampers swadlers is my favorite:) its so absorbent,its last longer and it fit perfectly to my premature twins!...so i highly recommend it to all mom:)
I love pampers swaddlers. The wetness indicator is awesome.
I love how dry the diapers keep my baby girl. I also enjoy how soft the whips are and they don't tear.
Just tell what you like and don't like about a product.
Love pampers would not use any other type
Perfect fit value
Great diapers!!! My preemie is now 13 months and has only worn PAMPERS SWADDLERS since discharged and never has gotten a diaper rash.
After having tried Pampers and two other brands, we choose Pampers diapers for our children. They fit great and never leak.
My daughter is a mover and a groover. Pampers swaddlers fit her so well that I don't have to worry about the fact that she pees buckets!
as advertised . great absorbent diaper, very soft and seems comfortable
My baby is a preemie and these diapers are the best for keeping his tiny hiny dry.
My husband fell in love with pampers when we our son was born. Being first time parents, he loved how the newborn diapers had the wet/dry line on the front. Really helped with 2am feedings. Sometimes baby wasn't wet and he knew not to even mess with diaper, just feed!
My little one been using pamper brand product since he's born, we love how it design and how it works perfectly on the little one.
I love these diapers. They fit the baby so good and are super absorbent.
Pampers diapers are about the only diaper that my son does not have too many accidents in. I love the swaddlers over the baby dry diapers. Not so much because of the blue changing wetness indicator, but because the diaper itself is very soft. They are softer than the baby dry diapers by pampers, and while I use both, i prefer the swaddlers. The only thing I dislike is that while the swaddlers are usually the same price as the bay dry diapers, you get less swaddlers in the package/box. My son has very very sensitive skin and sometimes gets eczema, and these diapers never irritate his skin. They are a main item on my baby shopping list :)
This is very good as it helps in knowing whether pamper is full or not without opening
I have used Pampers Swaddlers with both of my children. They are the best I have tried.
Pampers diapers have always worked for our kids (two boys), and the Swaddlers are wonderful in terms of the wetness indicator, as well as their ability to absorb wetness (i.e., although not advertised on this aspect, they stay dry up to 12 hours just like the Baby Dry diapers). Fantastic too that the wetness indicator is available in bigger sizes, that's a new improvement since our first baby!
We've used these from the beginning but have tried other brands in between. They fit wonderful and are the softest we've used. Our DS has never leaked once in a Swaddler. I'm addition the wetness indicator is essential now!
I use Pampers Swaddlers for my infant daughter. I love the way they fit. They quality of Pampers is amazing. I would definitely recommend them to people.
Pampers Swaddlers were given to me by the hospital and I continued to use them at home. Love these diapers for new babies!
The swaddled are a little more expensive, but worth it the first few months for baby. They kept my son dry and leak free. The wetness stripe indicator was great when he was a newborn and size 1 so I could tell if he had a wet diaper without removing all of his clothes and waking him up. We have had great experiences with swaddlers. When he got into size 2, we switched to pampers baby dry because they are less expensive and still a great diaper.
I am thrilled with pampers. I have a 6week old and have used Pampers since her birth. I have been happy with how dry she is and love the blue wetness indicator!
Great fit, rarely leak, no diaper rash because they keep baby dry!
I bought diapers before my son was born whenever I would see a good deal. With that, I accumulated a few different brands. Pampers outshines them all. I had issues with leaks and "overfilling" with two other brands but Pampers stays strong with whatever my son throws its way (and that's a lot!). I'm now a loyal customer to Pampers!
pampers are the only diapers that keep my little girl dry at thru the night. Once she starting sleeping on her belly pampers are the only diapers we use.
great product, super absorbant, keeps baby nice nd dry
I especially love the Newborn Swaddlers because they have the space for the belly button while the umbilical cord dries off. They're soft and comfy for baby. Totally give them at showers for new moms-to-be (along with a diaper bag).
I love the way pampers fit and keep my son dry when he's on the move!
I would never use anything but Pampers diapers. They are the only diaper that fits my daughter comfortably.
A little bit more money but for what you are getting well worth the money spent on them.
As a mom of twins, we go through a lot of diapers every day. We have tried 2 different brands but nothing compairs to Pampers!!! Thats all we keep in our house!
We have tried all the brands and pampers diapers and wipes are the best. We only buy pampers diapers and wipes.
I love Pampers Swaddlers because they are so soft! They are my favorite diaper! My child stays dry even when the diaper is really soaked from overnight. When I can find a good price on Swaddlers, I stock up!
I have used pampers since day one with my 4 month old and LOVE them. They fit him perfect, and they last at bedtime without him ever leaking out. I highly recommend them to all my friends having little ones.
Pampers vs another brand is like Coke vs Pepsi!

Pampers always wins!! ;)
These are by far my favorite & most recommended for a newborn. Whatever the size of the baby, the precise, soft fit with the umbilical cord notch is just perfect.
I absolutely love these diapers. Great fit and never had a leak! Worth the money.
We tried huggies but my daughter would have blowouts. These worked great; no blowouts, and they are perfect for overnight use.
Pampers swaddlers were my pick of diapers as a first time mom. I tried three different brands and these fit the best, never leaked, and kept my baby very dry. I am thrilled with them. I don't have to worry when I diaper my baby.
We love pampers swaddlers for our newborn. They're soft and always hold the big messes. Once she's bigger though we moved to the cruisers which seem to be much more absorbent
These diapers are very absorbent. My son sleeps all night. No middle of the night changes are needed and he doesn't leak through come morning.
I love the pampers line from sensitive. I been using Pampers for 2yrs now and wouldn't use anything else.
My babies were in the Nicu for three months, so we tried diapers from different manufacturers. All the nurses loved the Pampers, and now that the babies are home we know why. Pampers have saved many outfits and fit the babies perfectly. They also have a better smell than some of the other diapers. They are the only diapers I will ever buy!
I was so excited when swaddlers realeased bigger sizes b/c I am loyal to pampers in the early life stages. i love the urine indicator which is part of what keeps me loyal!
Love Love Love Pampers Swaddlers they are worth every penny! The super soft diaper keeps my baby happy and dry. Switched to a cheaper brand once but after countless leaks switched back to pampers they are the best!
Love this diaper. Fits great & keeps my baby dry day & even overnight.
I was a part of a CafeMom Influencer program, and was able to try out Pampers Swaddlers with my daughter. I absolutely LOVE these diapers for my daughter. Not only are they a soft comfortable fit, but they're very absorbent, and I like the wetness alert strip that removes any doubt that your little one needs a changing. For being part of the Influencer program, Cafemom sent me a Pampers t-shirt. I love it, and wear it all the time to let others know I am a PROUD Pampers mom. :)
My girl would leak thru if it was not for these, highly recommend.
Swaddlers are by far my favorite. They dont leak, fit good and soft on my babys body. I also love the wetness indicator.
I love these diapers!! Great absorbency and no leaks!!
So far my favorite diapers that I have used on my daughter!! Love that it tells you when they have peed and the fit is the best fit on her too!!
These are absolutely awesome. All other brands diapers leaked for us but Pampers delivered as usual. Great fit and does not irritate the sensitive skin of my baby (she has VERY sensitive skin). Thumbs up!
Definitely would recommend Pampers Swaddlers. Better than other diapers I have tried in the past. I don't have nearly as many problems with leaks when my son uses these.
Love the fit. No leaking at all. Better than comparable brands.
After trying many different brands including huggies, costco brand, and target brand the only diaper that works for our moving daughter is pampers Swaddlers! They now go up to size 5 making it possible to remain with the brand until we potty train!!!
My son is a year old today and he has worn nothing but Pampers since birth! We love Pampers so much and will never use anything else.
really like pampers diapers. They are more absorbent than any other diapers.
Never had leaks or any kind of problems. I've bought other brands where my baby had leaks or the diaper wasn't soft and it irratated their skin. I love pampers!!!
My daughter (23.5 months) has been wearing Pampers since day one. Swaddlers first, then on to Cruisers. They fit perfectly and have never had any issues with Pampers. We've tried other Store Brands, and they simply don't fit and feel like Pampers. I highly recommend them!
I use pampers baby dry and I love it! It's the Only one that actually works for my baby!
Pampers are by far the best brand that has worked for us. My daughter never had a leak even during her 12 hour nights. Theyve always fit her perfect! No other brand is comparable. My daughter went from swaddled, to cruisers, and baby dry. All fantastic!
Pampers is the only brand of diapers I will put on my children. The quality is not even comparable to others!
My son was born at 23 weeks 3 years ago. He has been a panpers Swaddlers baby up until switching to Easy Ups. Wish the swaddlers came in pull up form.
My Fiance And I Just Had Our First Baby girl, and she is busy with things, so im going to take over, we used pampers swaddlers diapers in the hospitol and i have to say they worked wonders, definatly going to stay with them.
Super absorbant I never have to worry about leaks!!
Other comparable brands don't have a chance when compared to Pampers. In every category, Pampers beats the competition with flying colors. I have tried other brands, Huggies to mention one, and I will never make that mistake again!
I already used the swaddles for my first boy and now for my second boy! They never had rashes. Their skin was alway dry because the diapers absorbed all liquids. That is the best diaper for newborn and infants.
I've tried all the diapers, and pampers hands down has been the best!
I love these diapers. Both of my children have been pudgy and some diapers are hard to fit, but these work great. I love the softness and the wetness indicator.
Pampers wipes are the best! They're flexible, soft, thick!! There is no other remotely close to a pampers wipe!
I love pampers sensitive swaddlers for my baby! They are great for my baby's sensitive skin.
Love pampers! Not too impressed with sensitive diapers they were not as absorbent but the swaddlers are great! Definitely would recommend as the best diapers!
When our son was born, we had several different types and brands of diapers given to us. Our first box we opened were Swaddlers. Our next box was different and we knew right away that Swaddlers were the best. We immediately returned all of the unopened boxes and exchanged them for Swaddlers. We haven't bought another brand yet!
I have used Pampers Swaddlers and Cruisers for 2 years now on both of my children and really like the absorbency.
I loved using the pampers swaddlers. The blue stripe made knowing when to change the diapers super convenient when the babies are really little. Now that they have bigger sizes, makes them even more convenient.
Love the swaddlers! We will never use anything else. Our baby girl was born 12 weeks early and spent 75 days in the nicu. The hospital only used pampers and they worked great for being on such sensitive skin!
The swaddlers keep my little one dry. The wetness indicator line is great too.

I used this product for both my children and would recommend it to others.
I love these diapers. Ive tried huggies and my daughter wakes up soaked. So I buy the swaddlers and she stays dry all night long
I love Pampers! The only thing that is ok about it is price! It's more expensive than the other brands!
I have tried all the diapers that are out there and none of them come close to the quality of pampers!! The fit and absorbency are by far the best!! I will never switch to any other brand because none of them even compare. I love that they can follow your child through all the years from newborn to pull ups. Every diaper stage blows away all the rest. There is no need to waste your time and money, just use pampers and be confident in the fact that they are the best!!
I find that pampers swaddlers are a perfect fit for my son. He has a tendency to be a side shooter, pampers swaddlers seem to catch the mess before it makes it outside of the diaper!
Pampers has made it extremely easy for my child to sleep all night with me having to wake him up to change a wet diaper at a affordable price.
The only product that helps me at night with my baby to not wet through his diaper.
Pampers Swaddlers were my favorite diaper for both of my kids, especially when they were newborns. I loved the wetness indicator, they were absorbent for what could be a blow-out, and the designs were cute too! Neither of my children had any rash issues with them. I'm happy to see they are making swaddlers for bigger sizes now too, because I was sad to see my kids grow out of them!
Love the swaddlers!! My daughter wears the swaddler sensitive and they are great!!
I love these diapers. I tried to buy a cheaper brand but they would always leak. Even though these diapers are pricey they fit better and there are no leaks. I will continue to use pampers brand as long as hes wearing diapers.
I use these for the day time, for overnight not so much. But works great during he day, don't always use these because can be pricey. Will use a generic brand otherwise.
These are the most expensive diapers but you get what you pay for!
I have used the pampers product since my son was born and he is now 5 months old. I absolutely love the swaddlers, the fit is perfect
Good quality as usual: soft and absorbent.
Size runs according to weight.
I wish these would have been around when my son (who is now 30)was a newborn. I can't believe the comfort the cut out for the umbilical was. And the overall diaper softness for the delicate skin of my grandson. The fit was great the only problem was he outgrew them too fast a big boy but that was no fault of Pampers. I loved the product. Can't wait for the 2nd grandchild to come.
When my LO was born, I tried all the different brands of diapers to find my preference. Pampers are the best, hands down. We have had fewer "blowouts" and leaks, and they always have my LO smelling great. She's also yet to have any rashes--due in part to the wetness indicator. Also these diapers do a great job absorbing, so you can just feel when the diaper needs changing.
Keeps my twin boys sound asleep through the night!
I absolutely love pampered ! Would never use any other products.
Pamper swaddlers are my favorite diapers to use. Their soft and absorbent. My twins never get rashes from them.
Leak free and they smell so good. my children have sensitive skin and they are the only ones that dont bother them
Nothing else fits my daughters. I know babies are shaped uniquely, but Pampers Swaddlers are my absolute favourite! It's the only brand that won't leak on us. Not to mention they smell like heaven!!
I love these diapers! Especially for newborns and young babies! A+ in my book!
Pampers diapers are wonderful! I have tried about every other brand out there and all the other brands don't compare. Pampers are very absorbent and worth your money.
these diapers never cease to fail. They always hold soil in. Unlike the ones we do not speak of (Huggies) these diapers always perform to their standard, which is The Best.
As a new mom, I have tried several types of diapers but Pampers Swaddlers are my favorite! They appear to be comfortable on my son and are super absorbent. I especially love the color strip on the front, which indicates when a diaper is wet. My family won't buy anything except Swaddlers and I recommend them to my friends that are moms-to-be!
We have tried other diapers, but always end up going back to Pampers...they fit so well and hold a lot, which is necessary, especially for boys! The only time we had leaks is when we were getting close to needing a new size...sizing up stopped the problem! We LOVE Pampers!!
My daughter is small so these diapers fit her great! She has never leaked through and the diapers are very full when she wakes up!
I love Swaddlers and i am so happy that they made them in larger sizes
A very good quality, best product ever as i m using for my babies..very comfortable..
Swaddler diapers are amazing. My daughter wore Swaddlers diapers from newborn to size 3. We bought some other brand name diapers and there were more leaks. With pampers there were no leaks. They fit great and can hold a lot. Definitely worth the extra money.
The swaddlers are definitely the all around diaper.
I love Pampers Swaddlers Sensitive. Since my baby's birth in January we have used nothing but Pampers Swaddlers Sensitive and we are very happy with the quality.
I like the new and improved pampers with the wetness indicator. My girls have the least amount of accidental leaks when they are wearing pampers versus the other brands of diapers.
We have been using Pampers swaddles diapers since my son was born. He is 6 months old now, and we still use these diapers during the day, we use the baby dry for bedtime. We have tried other brands of diapers and they simply have not held up as well as Pampers. The Pampers diapers fit snuggly, but not too tightly, around the waist and legs to prevent leakage, and the wetness indicator helps to determine if your baby has a wet diaper. Wonderful diapers!
I recommend these diapers to every new Mom I know. I always buy them as a baby shower gift. I have purchased these for both of my children. Yes, I have tried other brands, but I always come back to Pampers.
I have used pampers on both my girls.!!! They are great!!! Through the night is what I like the best. My daughter Tiana stays dry through the night when she sleep 2 to 3 hours a night. When you are out in about in the streets it helps too.

Thank you Pampers
Only use Pampers Swaddlers for my sensitive babies!
Wonderful product. Very reliable. My favorite go to brand.
I'm using Pampers Swaddlers for two years and for both of my kids. Less leaking and fewer diaper changes during the night :)
Our baby has worn swaddlers since birth. My husband loves the blue indicator line and I like the softness of them. They are much softer and gentle then the other brands and the baby dry. So glad they come in larger sizes.
These diapers are absolutely the best. We tried a few other brands and none of them worked- they all leaked out the sides or she'd cry as soon as we put them on. These absorb well and stay put.
Swaddlers are pricey, but worth the price for the comfort and protection they offer. In six weeks we've only had one leaky diaper and no diaper rash at all! The fit is unbeatable!
We had 12 different brands to try day one and some very decent but pampers really is the best. We never had any leg leakage like we had with other brands and with the absorbency we never had issues with diaper rash. Love love pampers will not try or use any other brands.
I have great experiences with swaddlers!!!!!!! I used them on both of my kids a boy and girl and I am glad I chose them! I tried other products and nothing compared to the dryness and absorbency of the swaddlers. Thank you for coming out with such a great product!!!
Swaddlers are by far the best diaper out there! They always keep our 15 month old dry and comfortable! We have been using Swaddlers since the day my little one was born! We never have any leaking or other problems!
Fit great and are really absorbent! I loved how well they fit my baby and the adorable designs!
I love how soft These are. And I love the wetness indicator.
This is the preferred style of diaper that I purchase for my 4 month old daughter. I absolutely love the Pampers brand and feel that they are absorbent, she has few leakage issues when wearing them and they fit nicely.
My son is 5 and daughter is 2 months and we have exclusively used pampers with both of them. For one, they are so soft compared to other brands and do not bother my kids sensitive skin. We also have used the cruisers when my son was crawling and walking and nothing held up like they did!! He didn't leak at all, even at night! We love the sensitive wipes and buy them by the box full! I do and will continue to recommend pampers to all my mommy friends and acquaintances!
Love love love all pampers styles..we've used them all!
Great for over night coverage! I have not woke up to a wet bed or pants!
We have used Pampers for the past 16months now and would recommend them to any and everyone! Wipes and diapers have worked great for us!
Swaddlers were our favorite diaper for our baby! We are so glad they are available in the larger sizes now. They are very soft and comfortable.
I love Pampers swaddlers for my son. I was upset when they only went up to a size 3 and I had to switch to Pampers baby dry but now that they have swaddlers up to size 5 and I love it. I have always been a Pampers fan since my son started wearing them at the hospital and now I continue with them.
I've only compared pampers with huggies and the difference is night and day with the diapers. Even with the pampers being in a higher price range, it's worth every penny because I've had no blow ups with the pampers diapers as I did with huggies. On the other hand I must say pampers wipes needs improvement because personally I think huggies is much thicker hence a better value.
Absolutely love these diapers. Keep my sweet baby's little bum all dry!
ive never had a problem with the protection, latches staying put, and fit for my baby
I swear by these diapers for my daughter and will use them with our next child. They fit great and keep her dry all night long.
Pampers swaddlers are super absorbant. I have never had a leak issue even at night with our little girl. The color indicator is great too so that my husband has an extra reminder to change her diaper. Lol!
My little boy is starting to eat more and the diapers can keep up! I never have leaks and the diapers are soft compared to others. The diapers fit snuggly around his legs so even the poopiest diaper doesn't leak.
This product has been very good for my little man from day 1 to now just over a year old! Wouldn't use no other!
This diaper is just the best, it beats all other brands. I've tried organic, huggies, luvs, pampers other brand and have been hugely dissappointed.
I LOVE PAMPERS. I USED THEM WITH MY OLDEST DAUGHTER AND USE THEM WITH MY YOUNGEST DAUGHTER. I HAVE VERY FEW PROBLEMS WITH THEN IF ANY. ALWAYS HIGH QUALITY.
When my son was first born this helped me to know when he was wet. They fit him perfectly and priced just right.
My daughter has been wearing Pampers Swaddlers since the day she was born. I love the fit on her. I've tried other brands such as Huggies and the fit just wasn't right, there were too many leakage accidents and I didn't like how they fit on her legs or stomach. With Swaddlers the fit was always perfect. They fit nice and snug and they hold everything in. I love the wetness indicator. I only hope that the sizes continue to go up because it'll be hard to top this brand when the time comes for her to wear pull ups.
A great diaper for our child. Had only one blow-out in 4 months, and that was with a larger than average bowel movement. After using various different brands, we prefer Pampers first. They are not the cheapest diaper around, but you pay for quality, which is important to us. We like the wetness indicator, as we are new parents, it was helpful in the beginning. The only "negative" thing I can say is that when our child wears the diaper overnight, the top lining pulls away and tends to stick to the child. It comes off easily but I'm not fond of that separation. Perfect for everyday use!
great at stopping leaks! a little pricey, but A++.
My little one loves them, and the line that changes color helps to see better if the diper needs to be changed
My son is now just a little over a year and we have tried several different diapers just to see which ones work best for us. It's definitely pampers diapers. Huggies gave him chemical burns on his bottom. Although I do love the pampers diapers I do like the Huggies brand in baby wipes better. It's just my personal preference. But overall a great product :)
These diapers are the best when it comes to absorbency and the way they fit. I love the way they dont leak (no matter how full) and they fit my daughter wonderfully. I would recommend Pampers to EVERYONE. My favorite are the pampers saddles!
I used Swaddlers with both my children. I am so happy that they now go to size 5. I never had any issues with them.
I love pampers for my newborn! They fit great, I've tried cheaper brands, and they cause my baby to break out! I won't be using any other diaper for him, plus I love the stripe to indicate if they're wet. Highly recommend these to anyone!
I have been a fan of Pampers for almost 3 yrs! Loved Swaddlers for my newborn and during those 1st years. Quality is great! Good fit and absorbs well!
I have tried Huggies once and will never again. Pampers is much gentler on babies sensitive skin and cause less irritation. Diaper rash is at a minimum and she is much happier! When picking a diaper Pampers is the ONLY WAY TO GO!
Pampers swaddled a are very great diapers. They don't leak at night and are very absorbent. I used them with my first baby and now I'm using them with my second. They have to be the best cause hospitals use them for newborns.
Pampers are the best diapers I've ever used! I love the Swaddlers because they are soft and absorbant!
Pampers Swaddlers were the diapers given to my preemie baby in the hospital because they fit so well. As my baby grew, I tried many other brand diapers and was never as satisfied with the fit, comfort and quality. I ended up spending more money because I had to change my baby more frequently, wash clothes more often due to messes and wasted lots of valuable time. Pampers swaddlers is the only diaper I will use for my growing baby.
I loved pampers swaddlers for my newborn, I recently found out that swaddlers extended sizes to size five I was stoked! The brand is amazing quality I would never buy another brand.
Pampers Diapers are by far the best diapers I have ever used. I even did an absorbency test on different brands on diapers and pampers by far came in for holding the most liquid with out leaks.
Love this product! I used them for my son when he was 0-3 months old. He was a big baby (10lbs 2oz)!! So I automatically used size 1 diapers for him. The wetness color indicator is a big help for a new mom, and when it's hard to see at night time! Definitely using these when I have my second, but hopefully it's not too soon!
The diapers fit my daughter well and did not leak.
We have used pampers swaddlers from day 1. They are fantastic! They fit nicely and have great absorbency. They are a great value! They can last all night which is great! I truely recommend Pampers!!
Pampers swaddlers work great for my 4 week old daughter, they hold up great. No leaks!
Pampers diapers are the only diapers I would use !
I LOVE Swaddlers for my little guy! They're so soft on him, and keep him dry...even overnight! We recently had him circumcised, and I wouldn't trust any other brand to keep him comfy & dry!
Pampers swaddlers are the best. We've also tried buggies and target's up and up and neither compare to the softness and absorbency of pampers. Great product.
Our daughter, now 10 months, would only stay dry though the night in Pampers Swaddlers diapers. With a condition that causes her to over urinate, we trusted and relied on these diapers to keep her dry and happy.
We have tried almost every brand of diapers on the market and Pampers are hands down our favorite.
We have been using Pampers Swaddlers since my son was born, and it's the only diaper we will use! As a first time mom I really depended on the wetness indicator and loved how it had a great snug fit for my son. Best part is these diapers are now available through size 5!! Yay! Thank you Pampers!
Great quality as usual;
excellent quality as usual;
Great quality as usual;
I would like a little wider my son is a little bigger. He should be in a size one the length is good but the with of it to small.
We absolutely love Pampers. It is the only brand of diaper we choose.
Gone from newborn size to size 3 now and have been very happy with their fit and performance throughout. Highly recommend.
Excellent product with great value. Would definitley recommend
My daughter has very sensitive skin and Pampers is the only brand that works well for her skin! I'm so pleased with Pampers products; they definitely make life easier!
Love the wetness indecator,i know when to chang my baby without bothering him
I have tried other diapers and my son has leaked through. Pampers Swaddles is a great diaper that fits my son great and has great absorbency. Definitely the number one diaper for my baby.
Swaddlers are, admittedly, really nice diapers! We were thrilled to get them as the take-home diapers at the hospital when our son was born. I continued to buy them for a while after, because we were impressed with the softness and fit and especially after comparing to other brands they are a nicer quality. That said, once we started looking to reign in expenses, we bought them less often and other brands more often. If you can budget it, they are great. I think these will be something I include in baby shower gifts in the future. So nice to have...even more so when somebody else is buying!
i love the swaddlers, they feel soft like cloth diaper and have that sweet baby smell. They last all night long and don't leak. have and will continue to use them on my two children.
Pampers are the only brand of diapers I will use on my baby. They are best at everything and do the best job. My baby deserves the best we can get and these do the job. Most of the other brands also have something in them that give my daughter rashes and pampers does not.
I have always used Pampers product's thru the years with both of my children age 6 years & 6 months old. I love the swaddler diapers with the wet indicator & the Fragrance Free wipes!!!
These are my favorite diapers. They are soft and a good value for my money.
Love how there is the wetness indicator. Pampers are by far the best brand of diapers out there.
I love the newborn pampers due to the umbilical cord cut out area.
Perfect fit for my twin girls (: used with previous children as well and will use for future ones also!
Great diapers. There are cheaper diapers out there but I find I do less laundry when I use pampers brand. No leaks.
Amazing quality and definitely keeps baby dry. I have used nothing but pampers for both of my kids I've always used pampers wipes and diapers. No leaks and keeps baby dry. Neither of my kids ever had diaper rashes either and I think it's all because of quality of diapers.
I absolutely love pampers products!;)they keep my babies dry and comfortable! The wipes are strong & work good on messy clean ups, and they even smell good too!!;)
I love these diapers! My little girl was in preemie extra small swaddlers in the hospital and now is in swaddlers size 4 at night. I wouldn't buy any other brand. Swaddlers are the best. I love how blanket soft they are, as well as the wetness indicator.
These diapers are awesome, I loved knowing when my newborn needed a diaper change. These diapers were so soft and I have bought nothing but them since my little one arrived! Thanks pampers
I love Pampers!!! As a new mom I wasn't sure which brand of diapers to buy for our little man! I love how soft the diapers are and how absorbent they are as well. The fit is nice and they have a pleasant design on them. I will continue purchasing pampers with our second baby.
I love pampers swaddlers! I have used them from newborn to size 5 and they have never failed. I have tried so many diapers and these are definitely the best protection, especially for overnight, which is a huge deal to me for the best sleep for both mom and baby! I love pampers! It's all I buy!
Pampers, especially swaddlers, are the only diapers my son stays dry in. They fit him so well and it's great they come in bigger sizes! They have been perfect from the day he was born to now when he is movin' and groovin'! With these diapers he is unstoppable!
I have used several brands of diapers on my newborn son, and so far only Pampers last the night with no leaks.
I love everything about Pampers, however what I love most is the odor control. All the other brands seem to really let the urine odor through and Pampers keep it contained.
We had started a different brand but because they didn't have the wet stripe past size 2 we switched back. They are too small for my liking and I've had my baby leak once with them, but I like the mesh lining and everything else about them
I used a few diff types. And loved pampers the most
I absolutely love pampers swaddlers. I will not use any other brand. They are great quality and I have never had any leaks! Definitely would recommend!!
Keeps my son dry and he is a mover and shaker, great job pampers
I have used only pampers because of the quality, absorbancy, diapers stay on very well when your child is active, the wetness indicator, and finely the softness can not be beat.
Swaddlers diapers are the best I have tried. I love the indicator in the middle. You don't have to bother baby and check him all the time. They are very soft and easy to wear. The price is a little bit high (comparing to other products)
As a first time mom I tried every brand of diaper and thought pampers swaddlers was the best fit for my little one. It keeps her dry and I love the strip indicator!
These are the best and only diapers to use with a baby with sensitive skin!!! We were given another brand of diapers, used 3 and had to stop due to bad reaction to what ever the brand uses for extra absorbancy. We have used swaddlers with all three of our children and will not use anything else! They are great and my son has no problems with leaks, not even at night. Best diapers on the market for sure!
My son loves pampers. He was so active as an infant. Pampers swaddlers were great; we never had an issue with leaking. And they were so absorbant that his eczema never flared up like when we tried other brands. Pampers swaddlers are just awesome.
All 3 of my children used Swaddlers as newborns. As new parents we loved the wetness indicator and the soft materials against baby skin. As seasoned parents we appreciated the value of Swaddlers and the absorbency -- preventing blow-outs!
I love Pampers Swaddlers, being a new mom and it being the first diapers my daughter wore at the hospital I was instantly obsessed with them. As she has gotten older, she now wears the Cruisers because I get more diapers for the same amount of money. We prefer Pampers over Luvs or Huggies any day!
Great product...very reliable. I can always count on Pampers.
I love these diapers. I have used other diapers, but always will go back to using the pampers. I used them both of my children.
I have tried all the pampers out there and Pampers Swaddlers are the best by far. I love these products! Best Diapers out there!!
I have 2 girls (2 years and newborn) and have used pampers since day 1. I wouldn't use any other brand!
I absolutely love Pampers Swaddlers. These diapers keep my daughter so dry in situations I never thought a diaper could. I am so excited that they increased the sizes for toddlers, so now she can fit into them as she gets bigger! The color changing strip on the front makes it so fast and easy to know if she needs to be changed!
I love these diapers! I have been using them since my son was born and now they have them in size 5! Especially when he was younger, the line that changes color to tell you when they need changed was SO helpful. Great product as usual from Pampers.
I used these for my daughter as a newborn. It's hard to tell when they are wet because they urinate so little so the wet indicator helps so much!
I love pampers diapers. The wetness indicator is great so you don't have to do a lot of work to find out if it's wet or not. Best diaper for our family!!
I only use Pampers for my twin girls. I've tried other brands and nothing is as good for quality. Other brands smell when they are barely wet.
We tried other brands for newborns and found these to be the best. The Swaddlers are slimmer, have no discernible smell and the mesh interior fabric makes clean up easier and any ensuing diaper rash smaller in surface area. The wetness indicator is also something you can't find on otehr diapers, and is very helpful for first time parents like us. Great diapers.
I have to say Pampers are my favorite diaper. I was given a wide range of diapers from the baby shower and Papmers is the only brand that worked without leaking. They stay dry all night when my little on sleeps close to 12 hours, and in the morning no wet spots, that's big for me and my heavy wetter. Love Pampers and I won't buy anything else.
We only had a couple blowouts using Pampers Swaddlers. I'm ok with that because I don't think any diapers could prevent from ever having blowouts. We still use Pampers Swaddlers and my daughter is in size 4. Very happy with this product!
For both of my kids, Pampers has had a great fit, and don't leak like other major brands do on them.
These diapers are great for my son. We tried other diapers and found that pampers were best for us. He can go 10-12 hours at night and not wet through. The only negative thing about them is how expensive they are.
We love that the swaddlers now come in size 5 also!
I used these for upto 9 months I suppose. I had no issues in using. After 1 yr I been using baby dry until now. I find no issues with swaddled but I switched to baby dry .great for NB babies

Great diapers!!!! I would definitely recommend if anyone seeks my opinion or suggest anything!
My daughter's skin is very sensitive and these are awesome at keeping her dry.
I absolutely LOVE the Pampers Swaddlers diapers!I never used them with my first daughter because I didn't know they existed. The hospital provided this brand when I had my second daughter, and I fell in love! I used them up through size 3, and then started using Baby Dry. I liked them, but not as much as Swaddlers. I was SO happy when they started making them up to size 5. We immediately switched back to Swaddlers. My daughter never has leaks, and she goes all night (12+ hours)! They rock! Love them! Will use them with any future children, no doubt!
I used Pampers Swaddlers diapers for my newborn and they fit on really nice. They are also very soft compared to other brands. I would totally recommend them for newborns!
I love all Pampers products! These wipes keeps my son nice and clean!
We've tried several diapers and we always go back to swaddlers. They hold everything in the diaper without exploding into clothing. I've never had any issues with leaking at night or when my kids are playing. Excellent choice for diapers!
These are the only diapers I will put my baby in. They absorb better than any other diaper and keep my baby happy!
Love these diapers. Provide the best protection for my little one! She stays dry all night long and never have to worry about leaking.
We have used Pampers Swaddlers since our little guy was born. He is now almost 6 months and wearing a size 3 and we are still using Swaddlers because we love them so much. He sleeps through the night and does not leak out of them! We will use Swaddlers until we have to move on to bigger sizes.
I used pampers when my daughter was born 14 years ago because they fit her the best and were the best quality! Now I have. 7 month old and I feel not only are they new and improved but the same fit and quality hold true today!!
Thank you Pampers!!
I have used pampers swaddlers for all 3 on my children. They work great! They are so soft and works great especially on newborns! I would highly recommend them to anyone.
We love pampers swaddlers. So glad they come in bigger sizes now! Very absorbent!
I received a variety of diapers for my son at his baby shower, and I actually returned other brands of diapers, because none seemed to work as good as these! I absolutely LOVE Pampers! They fit great, have great absorbency, and work the best! Wouldn't go any other way!
My favorite feature is the wetness indication line! I don't have to open the diaper to see if my child is wet!

I also love that at night I can put one on and it doesn't leak.. It has been difficult to find a good quality diaper and this one has NEVER let me down. I love that it now comes in larger sizes. Wish it would continue to come in larger sizes and even training pants.

The softness of the diaper is great! Makes me feel good knowing he will be comfortable. We have had issues with sensitivity on his bottom and this diaper allows for air to get in and help with major rashes.
I have always preferred Pampers over other brands. I have no problems with leakage even though my toddler is a very busy boy.
This diaper does what a diaper should do - no compliants about fit or leaks. But the reason I keep buying them is because of the wetness indicator. When you're low on sleep and every second counts, the wetness indicator will tell you if you need to change a wet diaper - also helpful in the days after birth for tracking wet diapers. Love these!
We tried a number of different brands when my little guy was a newborn, but found Swaddlers to be the best. They didn't leak or smell, and are very soft.
I have tried many different diapers that were given to me and none hold up to my pampers standard. They can be worn all night long and there is no leaks and it doesn't smell. It's made with good quality and my baby can move in it easily. Pampers has made me a diaper snob because I won't use anything else!
My baby is three months old now. I have tried many different diapers and pampers swaddlers diaper is the best for us. Excellent design, easy to tell when it needs to be changed! Will continue buying!
I would buy pampers for anyone they have been a lifesaver!
I will buy pampers over any other diaper. Very happy customer.
I received a box of non-pampers as a gift and I would say 85% had a leakage problem. I don't nearly do as much laundry with Pampers!
Pampers diapers are excellent. Wonderful fit and super absorbent.
I love how the swaddlers have the line to let you know when your child needs a diaper change. I love that they fit my child just right! I have never had a problem with my child leaking or blowing out of their diaper. I would highly recommend these to my friends and I will not use a different product.
We're new parents, so to try and cut cost we tried multiple brands of diapers for our little guy. We ultimately went back and stayed with Pampers. They absorb and wick away all the moisture, which kept our little man from getting diaper rash and kept him comfy. Yes, they cost more, but you get what you pay for!
My daughter just turned one and we've never used anything but Pampers. We love them! They keep her bottom dry and we've never had any leaks or "blow outs".
Keeps my baby dry & rash free. Thanks Pampers for making this product. Great help for first time moms like me! Will definitely recommend and continue using this product.
I love swaddlers and was glad to hear they come in bigger sizes now. I recommend pampers to all new mothers and will only buy pampers products!
Overall, pampers products (wipes and diapers) are my preferred product. (Over store brand and huggies)
I have a 2yr old and 3 nine month olds... all of them use the Pampers products... They are perfect. We only use Pampers, they are absorbent and keep the wetness away from the baby's bottoms... So much better than other products we have tried. We are a Pampers family!
Pampers are the best won't use anything else always recommend to anyone with kids
For my baby shower we had a diaper raffles so that I could get a bunch of diapers and find the best fit for my little one. Once he arrive is was clear that Pampers were our favorites. The swaddlers are soft on his skin and super absorbent. We were so excited to see that they now go to size 5. Thank you pampers for keep our little one happy and dry.
My baby, 19 months old, has been using Swaddlers, since she was born. I think that this product is perfect for my baby's skin. She never have any trouble with this product.
Pampers swaddlers are the softest diaper with the highest quality. I have used them on both my babies and still currently use them on one. I am extremely happy they extended them up to size 5 as we are just now moving to size 3.
My son has been in Swaddlers from size 1 and now we are moving up to 3. They are comfortable, flexible, and even hold through the night (he sleeps 10 to 12 hrs). I highly recommend this diaper.
The Newborn swaddlers are the best diapers to use with a newborn. The notch for the belly button is key. They kept my little boy dry and happy for the first weeks of his life!
We have used pampers swaddlers since we left the hospital with our baby. The hispotal reccomends them and many parents. We have been very happy with the use of swaddlers.
I love these diapers!! They are very soft and you can see/feel the great quality. I love how they come with a wetness indicator. They also come in sizes up to size 5! My 9 month old wears size 3, so she can wear these for a while. I absolutely recommend them! I've also never had her leak out of these diapers. My favorite!
We have never had a blow out with these diapers and with some huggies that we received we had two different times.
The pampers swaddlers are fantastic diapers and I would never trust another other diaper for my son. I love the softness and absorbency, and the nice snug fit. I have tried all other brands of diapers and you truly get what you pay for. I recommend these diapers to all my new mom friends and will continue to use them as my son grows.
I love Pampers Swaddlers diapers. They are so soft and perfect for my babies.
We love these diapers. We really like the Velcro strap & the wetness indicator! They fit well & the umbilical cord notch is a really nice extra.
The Pampers Swaddlers diapers are fantastic! They are the only diaper I would use with my son. I love that they have a line that turns from yellow to blue to let me know that he was wet. The only problem I had was when my son got older they were not able to handle overnight very well and they would leak. I had to get the overnight diapers in addition to the Swaddlers. The price is pretty high compared to the competition on these diapers, but I think they are worth it.
Pampers easy ups were the only brand that fit my daughter correctly! I an very pleased with them! She loves them because they have Dora on them!
When our son was born, we had received many different diaper brands to try. Pampers and Huggies were the two main brands. The hospital he was born in gave us pampers and they seemed to hold things really well, we were satisfied, honestly we did not know that a diaper could not hold things. Until we tried the Huggies brand diapers, they fit okay, but eveytime he would wet his diaper, it would wet his entire outfit and a bowel movement was a whole other story. Since that experience, we solely use Pampers baby dry (the snugglers do not hold enough) and the pampers sensitive wipes. The combo has left us with a happy baby boy that stays clean and dry.
I love this! i would recommend this to My Friend...
I have tried almost every brand of diaper and these are by far the best! They are the only diaper I will buy.
Great products, would be even better if their rewards system had anything worth cashing in points for!
Being a first time parent, I had no idea that there could be any difference in diaper brands and I pretty much tried them all. It was so VERY easy to see that Pampers IS the best. My son has been in Swaddlers, Cruisers and now Pampers Pull Ups. Absorbent, fit wonderfully and are durable!
We love using Pampers Swaddlers!! We've used them since the day we came home from the hospital. They are great quality and we've hardly ever had any leakage. The wetness indicator is also extremely helpful. We don't have to completely undress our son to feel if he is wet. Highly recommend them!
We have used Pampers on all three of our children! From swaddlers, baby dry, cruisers and up to easy ups! Swaddlers are the perfect start with a new baby!
Love the color changing wet indicator on the Swaddlers. Pampers is the best!
These diapers are so soft they feel like cloth compared to other diapers! My daughter has sensitive skin and these are the best for it!
For both of my kids, we have used pampers swaddlers from day one! We we're given other types of diapers and nothing compared when it came to every single aspect of a diaper. They hold everything, fit and feel great and are worth of every penny!
I love the Pampers brand! My son also loves it too.
We quickly learned how much better Pampers and Huggies kept our little one dry when we bought Luvs and she ended up with a nasty diaper rash! We also love the wetness indicator and the fact that the diapers are soft for her (who wants to wear cardboard?).
Love Pampers Swaddlers because they don't leak like others and they fit well.
My baby was first put in Pampers Swaddlers diapers at the hospital. I tried a different brand, but went right back to Pampers swaddlers. Their quality is unmatched.
I would definitely recommend Pampers brand diapers to any of my friends and family. I love this product for my child, so I will love for someone else to experience the same thing !
These are reliable diapers that do the job and do it well. My on the go kids never have mishaps as they stay in place and move right with them.
i love love swaddlers and couldnt be happier that you made up to size 5 :)
These diapers are great, especially on really young babies. The yellow line on the diaper becomes blue when soiled, so it is a very helpful feature.
These diapers are the best hands down.. Keeps me
From having to make clothing changes during the day!!!
Would never use another brand on my little one! Love Pampers Swaddlers.
We originally started using these Swaddlers in the hospital and they were the best. We've tried other brands and they just don't live up to the standards we have now. I will continue to use these diapers until they no longer fit my baby! They keep her dry and happy
My son is almost 5 months old and I've tried different brands but Pampers Swaddlers are the best. Soft on his sensitive skin but tough enough to keep him dry through the night
The swaddlers pampers were the greatest pampers for the first few months of my sons' life. it never leaked and did not irritate their skin # like some other brand#. thank you for providing such quality pampers!
When my baby was born we received a pack of pampers swaddlers at the hospital and immediately fell in love with them. They have great absorbency, perfect fit, and the strip was very helpful in determining when our little one needed a diaper change. We will continue to use pampers until he's ready to potty train.
I have tried many brands but I always come back to pampers because it is a great product. The diaper fit well and does not leak out and my kids never have diaper rash when using it.
I have tried many brands of Diapers and I can say that I will definitely stay with Pampers. They are wonderful in all aspects.
worth your money and saves you more as well. very well done absorbent, dryness, over all quality
When my son was born I only used Pampers and over time I have tried other brands however, I have to say, I have and always will choose Pampers over any other brand. Occasionally I use another brand but they just don't compare to Pampers. The softness alone of the diaper makes such a BIG difference and like any other mommy out there, I only want what's best for my little guy...
All we use is Pampers! Especially the Swaddlers. Thank goodness they come in bigger sizes now! We tried H****** before but did not enjoy them. I've never had an accident with them. The only thing is once my babe got older I started using the Pamper's Dry diapers for overnight. The Swaddler's hold it all in but it's just busting at the seams in the morning :)
After my first child, and testing out the different, major diaper brands on the market, I quickly found Pampers brand diapers to be the best! They wick away dampness from skin, offer the best fit for baby, and seem to be most comfortable for baby as well. Other brands don't absorb wetness as well, and seem stiff and scratchy. They are the best quality diaper on the market.
As a first time mother on a budget I expect quality. Pampers has proven this to me. Pampers will always be my 1st choice over any type of diapers!
My daughter has been using Pampers since she was born, and she seldom has diaper rash and blowout. We'll continue using Pampers until she's potty trained! We trust Pampers!
Our daughter's skin is extremely sensitive & makes keeping her dry key to keeping her happy. We found these to work well, moving with her & keeping her dry on even her wettest days.
I love Pampers Swaddlers, and have used them for both of my babies. Neither have ever had a diaper rash, and the wetness indicator is fantastic, especially as a first time mom! The diapers don't smell like other diapers can after they've been wet, and I haven't ever had an issue with leaking diapers. Great fit, great absorbency, worth the money!
Preparing for my baby's arrival was quite a task. One of the most difficult questions I faced was deciding on which diaper I was going to buy! I knew how important it would be to keep my baby comfortable, dry and happy because that would mean more sleep and peace of mind for me. I decided to buy the Pampers Newborn Swaddlers and I'm so glad I did! Not one time during my baby's Newborn stage did his diaper leak, which was a true blessing. The Swaddlers fit him perfectly and were very absorbent which kept him dry and prevented diaper rash. I can't recommend this product enough to new mothers....they are worth the money and are definitely going to keep your baby happy.
I use pampers swaddlers for my daughter. I love how soft they are compared to the competitors brand. To me, my babys comfort is very important and I feel like swaddlers provide that for her. I also have to say that I really loved the ones with the umbilical cord notch!
We love pampers swaddlers. They do not leak, they are comfortable for baby (very soft and fit perfect), and affordable.
These diapers consistently keep my son dry through the night. He drinks an 8 oz bottle every night before bed and he has yet to wake up with a leak.
I love the Swaddlers !!! The newborn umbilical cord notch the wet indicator , the fit and absorbency !!! Definitely my fav! Worth the money !!!
THEY DONT LEAK! LIKE THE HUGGIES BRAND :) Ive used pampers since the day she was born. I tried huggies one time and that was a huge mistake! Never had a issue with pampers.
Pampers are the only diapered that don't give my son a rash. Love everything about them!!!
It's the one diaper brand that wouldn't cause a rash on my daughter, so glad they started offering the larger sizes :)
They work great for my wiggley son!! He can go hours during the night and not leak!
I have been using Pampers for almost two years now. As a mother of twins, I can say the night time diaper that works the best to keep a babies behind dry, Swaddlers is the only way to go! The diaper hugs perfect the leg area right by the butt that always seems to blow on other diapers but not swaddlers. Also the tabs to connect the back of the diaper to the front are great. They are tough and don't rip when pulled a little to hard.
These are diapers are probably the best I've tried. They're soft and absorbent. They even hold up during the night. They also seem to have a better fit. I feel like my son has more protection in these.
We love Pampers Swaddlers for our baby. They fit great and really absorb wetness well. There has only been one occasion where the diaper leaked. Never has my baby reacted adversely to this product. I would definitely recommend Pampers Swaddlers to friends.
My baby sleeps for 10-11 hours a night and I haven't had one leak yet when he wears pampers!
My little one sleeps 10-13hrs per night and wakes up dry! Thank you Pampers!
I love swaddlers. They are nice and soft on sensitive newborn skin and they fit great on my tiny preemie and when she got bigger and had chubby legs. I especially like the wetness indicator. They are worth the extra price over other bargain brands because they don't leak and when they are wet they dont get clumpy. They do a good job of absorbing moisture so baby doesnt get diaper rash. I also really like the pampers rewarda points
I wouldn't put any other diaper on my baby. Pampers is the best diaper out there. Not only is it soft it fits my baby perfect. It's contained everything my baby has given it to contain. I would recommend Pampers to everyone!
I have 2 children. A 3 year old and a 1 year old
I only use pampers on my kids.
This is definitely the best brand of diapers on the market!! The swaddlers are a great value for the aborsbency quality's and fit. I recommend pampers and will not substitute them foe anything!!
I've always preferred pampers to other brands. Most others feel like cardboard.
They are very soft and very absorbent
I like this better compared to the other brand
My little one is now 5 months old and has only used the Pampers Sensitive Wipes ever since she was born. Her skin was extremely sensitive as a newborn and these wipes were perfect for her delicate skin! The Pampers Sensitive Diapers were also an excellent choice for her and her sensitive skin! I would definitely recommend both these products to new moms and moms everywhere!!
We have been using Swaddlers since day 1. The wetness indicator is the best thing ever. I had this game where I could tell by a certain cry that the strip would be blue. I'm glad they decided to make these in larger sizes.
I would not recommend any other brand! Pampers is the best out of all the brands I have tried :)
These diapers are great for overnight wear. They are a bit pricey though in comparison to other pampers diapers that work just as well. The blue line is convenient but not necessary.
My son sleeps through the night at 4 months so wets all night. I don't have to wake him up to change him at all. The diapers hold so much liquid!
I love this diapers specially at night time keeps my baby dry all nite
Very good product. I love that it has wetness indicator. Would recommend it for friends and family
My daughter has worn swaddlers since day one. They are so soft and fit her perfectly. Even when the diaper seems full she is still dry. I also love the color changing wetness indicator.
Pampers is the best. I would not use another brand
We love pampers. It is the softest for my baby's skin. I tried the others like huggies, but did not like the feel of it. Dry baby at night going to bed and Dry baby in the the mornings waking up. NO nighttime accidents. We have been purchasing Pampers brand for 4 years.
I tried many generic diapers, but kept coming back to pampers! Best fit and best absorbency.
My daughter has used Pampers sensitive swaddlers and I hope pampers would make them in bigger sizes because my daughter will soon be out growing the size 4.
My son has been in Swaddlers since the day he was born!
These are most defiantly the best diapers, I love them. They are sturdy and don't leak. They are worth the money.
I have used pampers since day one and have been very happy. At my baby shower someone made me a diaper cake with a bargain brand and gave me the rest to use. After the third "leak" i was over it! The day I ran out and went back To my pampers was a celebration to say the least.
Pampers diapers are simply the best! They fit my baby perfectly and help keep him dry always!
I am very happy with Pampers and Swaddlers. We used them up to size 3 and then converted over to Cruisers at size 4. We used Pampers for both of our boys and they liked them, too. I wish that Pampers made better Pull-Ups. We are currently using Huggies for our pull ups & the teachers at our school actually ask for us to use them, too.
This is the only diaper my daughter has no leaked out of and she doesn't get a rash in!! I will always use pampers swaddlers!!!
I love pampers products and recommend them to any mom.
I Couldn't ask for a softer diaper for my newborn.
I've been using Pampers on my newborn, diapers are very absorbent she can stay 10 hours or longer with no leakage
With my daughter we could only survive with pampers. She would leak in other brands or break out in hives with generic ones. Now that my son is here, we're more impressed with pampers!
These diapers are so incredibly soft. The wetness indicator was so helpful as a new mom - instead of jostling a sleeping baby to check a diaper I could just peak at the indicator strip. These diapers fit really well, too. We rarely had leaks. I highly recommend.
After working in daycare for years, I knew that when I had my own children I would use Pampers. I can honestly say that I haven't been disappointed.
Pampers Swaddlers fit my daughter better than any other brand we tried. Long enough in the back and snug enough around her legs.
I love Pampers diapers. The wetness indicator is great, especially for new parents. I also love the cut-out notch for the umbilical cord. What a great product!
I love pampers swaddlers. You know when your baby is wet because of the blue stripe, and your baby stays drier in them.
We used this diapers since my now 7 moth old boy was bor and we absolutly love them but they are a little too expensive. We switched to baby dry and are as good as swaddlers but a little less expensive.
Loved these when my twins were newborn! Then we switched to baby dry after a few months.
Pampers are the best brand in diapers! I tried Huggies and Luvs and both brands were not worth the money. Both of them leaked on both my twins while pampers keeps my girls dry inside the diaper and outside.
Love these products always used Pampers with all 3 of my kids!!!!
I'm so happy with the purchase that I made. Would highly recommend Pampers.
My 2-year-old stays dry all through the night with her Pampers diapers.
Love the pampers swaddlers. We origionally bought huggies, but they just did not fit right. These go up high in the back to prevent leaks all night long!
I love the Pampers diapers. Even though they may a little more expensive, they are the softest and most absorbent of all the diapers.
Pampers Swaddlers have worked the best for us. My 2 month old daughter can sleep through the night because they keep the wetness away from her skin.
Swaddlers is the diaper that suits every newborn. It provides dryness as well as protection to the umblical cord. The color indication works great. However it would be better if the entire indicator turned blue instead of the wet area alone. Overall the fit is great and its lightweight compared to other diapers. No leaks experienced so far.
I am very glad that Pampers extended the size range for Swaddlers.
My wife and I are very happy we started using Pampers Swaddlers diapers. A good friend recommended your brand and we haven't regretted that decision yet. We've been using pampers since the day he was born and he is almost 4 months old now. It keeps our little boy dry and we haven't had a leak yet.
Fits good around the legs for little to no blow outs for my breastfed baby. Favorite over all the different brands I receive for my baby shower. Definitely would recommend to anyone.
Swaddlers are my go-to daytime diaper. They are soft and fit my daughter's bottom without leaving gaps to leak out of. I prefer Pampers diapers in general over Huggies, which usually have leaks up the back or the legs. Swaddlers don't do great overnight once your baby is sleeping all night, I used Baby Dry at first, now the overnight diapers.
So many diapers leak, but not these! We tried other diapers, because my family had given them to us for a diaper raffle at the shower, but these are the best out there. I won't buy anything else.
I love Swaddlers and have used them with both my children from Newborn through size 2. Although they now go up to size 5, I make the transition to other styles, only due to the price. I love these diapers, and were it not for the higher price, they'd be my go-to diapers up to size 5!
We've tried several different brands and types of diapers, and these ones are the best. My daughter is long and skinny. At 9 months, she's still in size 2. Pampers Swaddlers fit her really well, don't leak, and are a great value. I wish tey stayed a little dryer. So, we switch to Pampers Baby Dry at night.
Great quality. They really keep my child comfortable!
We absolutely love Pampers Swaddlers! We are currently and have used them on my daughter since she was a preemie. Now with baby #2 on the way, we'll be keeping stock of Swaddlers around for another two years at least!
Have been using these diapers since my son was born and couldn't be happier. They are soft, keep him dry and only rarely do we have any leaks. Tried switching to Huggies to save a bit but i regretted that decision after the first three diapers i used. We are back to pampers and are very pleased.
I have used pampers with both of my children! I have never experienced a leak or diaper rash. I believe these are honestly the only diapers I would recommend!!
Tried several diaper brands, but came back to pampers swaddlers because they were the best fit. Haven't had any problems with leaks. As first time mom, I liked the wetness indicator.
I'm am very pleased with my years long use of Pampers. I have used Swaddlers for newborn to infant and then cruisers for toddler years and never had any problems with either. No leakage, no breakouts just pure protection and proud to use Pampers products. I have 2 children with one who is now a toddler. Thank you Pampers!
They are the best at keeping my little one dry and his clothes dry.
Love swaddlers. Fit great and no leaks. We tried another brand and hated them. We recommend swaddlers to friends
I absolutely love pampers swaddlers. I tried every brand of diaper out there and didn't like any as much as my daughter and I loved pampers swaddlers. These keep
These are my favorite diapers. I would recommend these diapers to every mother. Wouldn't buy anything else.
Used these with both my girls and loved them. I loved the indicator line and these diapers were perfect for sensitive skin!
Pamper swaddlers are my favorite diapers! I've tried tons of different ones. They are the perfect fit for my baby and are super absorbent! I love the swaddlers
My baby is 1 month old since he born I been buying this pampers and they amazing I love them and my baby 2 lol
I love this product because of it's fit and reliability. I never have any leakage issues. It is comfortable on my babies skin. I love that it has a line on it that changes color when baby is wet.
We tried several different brands of diapers and the Pampers Swaddlers were the only diaper that "contained" the messes. Awesome! Will ALWAYS buy these!
we love pampers ,its perfect to my kids ,we use it
I have tried all different brands of diapers and i keep going back to pampers. They absorb the biggest of messes and prevent those nasty blowouts!
Pampers swaddlers fit my baby great! Way better than Huggies and the wetness indicator is great as well. LOVE THEM!!!
Swaddlers are the best diapers PAMPERS offers. My daughter is comfortable and dry, they are super soft.
I love pampers! They are our choice of diaper every time.
These are my favorite diapers. No leaks at all and I love the wetness indicator.
Pamper Swaddlers are the BEST diapers hands down! I've tried many different brands and was disappointed. I tell all my friends and family members that the Pamper Swaddler diapers my go to choice and they wouldn't be let down.

Thanks Pampers!
Pampers Swaddlers are the best choice in diapers for your baby. They are super absorbant and fit very well. The wetness indicator is so great for new parents to know when your baby needs a diaper change. This is the only diaper you should consider for your newborn baby.
Best diaper that I have used. Fits the best and no leaking problems!!
This is our go to diaper during the day! We have yet to have any leaks or messes using these diapers like we had with other brands. These are hands down the best we've used for daytime use. Thanks for a great product!!!
Great keeps my baby happy..leaks sometimes but wouldn't change the brand at all .m
I absolutely love pampers. When daddy buys other brands I exchange them for pampers. They fit and absorb. My LO enjoys butt crawling on diapers, never complains if he is wet because he can't feel it.
These are by far my favorite diapers. I have tried others and they just don't compare.
Ever since my daughter was in the hospital we always used pampers brand . Its absalutely the best !
My 3 mo. Old wiggled out of the competition diapers... And they just didn't seem to hold up to the leakage proofing that pampers has... Will definitely recommend to my pregnant friends and family members.
This is the only diaper we will ever use, we have never had any issues with leaking it fitting right, I would highly recommend these to any new mom or mom who is having issues
I have used papers for all 4 of my children! They fit great, they don't leak, and I get them for a great price!
I have tried other brand and always go back to pampers and will never change to others
We used Swaddlers until about four months of age (we then switched to Pampers Baby Dry) and we never once had a problem with them. There was no leakage and they always held up wonderful!
I'm a first time mom and have tried many different types and brands of diapers trying to determine if it really is worth spending the extra money on name brand diapers - these ones really are worth it. They have good absorbency, the wetness indicator is very convenient, and my all time favorite part of the diaper - they have a way better fit than competitors! Thanks to the good fit my baby's blowouts have exponentially decreased saving me a lot of time and work on laundry stains. I love the Swaddlers - definitely worth spending the money on.
I don't buy any other diapers anymore. Swaddled are great and I don't deal with leaky messes like with other brands!
Great fit, love the swaddlers. Very absorbent and soft
Love swaddlers! They are great! Even for my toddler that walks I have found these to be the best!
Great product! Keeps baby dry. Very soft. Love the strip that shows wetness.
Pampers has been a long family name for us. I am more than excited to be able to continue using them for my first child. The comfort level, the absorbency level, its on point and I wouldnt switch you out for anything in this world!
The best thing is how dry they keep my baby overnight.
I am a mother as well as a nurse that has worked in the newborn nursery. Pampers Swaddlers are the best! I have used them for both of my own babies and on literally hundreds of babies in the hospital. They are soft, super absorbent, and fit really well on all different sizes and shapes of babies. My only wish is that they weren't scented! Then they would be absolutely perfect.
I love Pampers Swaddlers. I have a 2 month old boy. We tried other brands, but he got to the point of leaking through those brands or developing diaper rash (yes...we changed him very frequently and he still leaked). Once we put him in Pampers Swaddlers, he's stayed dry...and I've had less baby laundry :) I highly recommend these diapers.
I only used pampers on my first child. My favorite were the swaddlers and cruisers. They seemed to fit well and were soft and absorbant. I am planning on using Pampers swaddlers on my 2nd child due in May!
Since my babys was born i use only pampers products, i like
I used Pampers Swaddlers for my newborn up until he fit into his cloth diapers at about 2 months. Had I decided to stick with disposables I would have continued with Pampers Swaddlers. They worked great for my little man!
Pampers Swaddlers are the only diapers my daughter has ever used. They are gentle yet heavy duty when need be, especially since she sleeps through the entire night now. I always highly recommend Pampers to any of my family or friends who are expecting a child. No other brand compares!!
These diapers are very good! Other brands have caused us to have leaks, but these are very good about keeping everything in and dry!
Since my daughter was born I've always used Pampers on her. The absorbency is great in the product and the fit is also very well. I've used other products and nothing can compare. Even my daughter kows when it's not a pampers diaper and she would tug at it. SO needless to say all I buy for her now is Pampers
I have only used pampers swaddlers with both of my son's and am excited they go up to size 5 now!!
We use swaddlers on our 11 month old and baby dry at night time, hardly ever wakes up in the night!
Overall good product. Diaper holds in wetness, does not irritate infant's skin, and fits infant well. I love the blue line that shows up when diaper needs to be changed.
Great quality of diapers and I recently just used Huggies diapers and wish I had more PAMPERS! Huggies just don't compare to Pampers - Pampers are much better at staying dry (Huggies will soak and stay soaked!) and fit my baby just great. Thank you!
I am a big fan of Pampers swaddlers. They are the only diaper I will use on my baby girl. I am a first time parent, so at first the wetness indicator helped me out a lot (now I'm a pro). Also, they keep extremely dry! She can sleep through the night in the swaddlers. The tabs are big and stick well. And the materials are very soft and gentle and have never given my baby a rash.
I have used these since my son was born and he has never had a diaper rash and the fit is great.
I purchase them
For my new born baby. They are excellent!
My daughter has been in pampers diaper a since she was born. We tried the Huggins and all those brands but none work like the pampers diapers. She has very sensitive skin and these are soft enough to not cause her skin to rash and love the easy to notice wetness indicator. All in all are my favs. Would love to be able to get the swaddled sensitive for her but can't afford those unfortunately
These are great diapers! Super soft and comfy. Affordable and keeps my baby girl dry. No leaks!!
I love these diapers! The blue line that tells you if the baby has peed is really helpful. They are easy to put on and take off.
Pampers are the best diapers out there hands down and swaddled have always been my favorite so excited they're the bigger sizes!
Always was a great fit and worth every penny. No better diaper on the market!!!!!!!!!!!
Absolute best out there for newborns and any age for that matter. I won't use anything other than pampers
My little girl can't do without the security and protection of Pampers. Thanks for such a great product.
The Pampers Swaddlers are excellent diapers. Although on the pricer side, they provide excellent protection and are the softest diapers my baby has worn.
Pampers Swaddlers are the only diapers my daughter has ever used. They are gentle yet heavy duty when need be, especially since she sleeps through the entire night now. I always highly recommend Pampers to any of my family or friends who are expecting a child. No other brand compares!!
Pampers is my "go to" brand. They keep my son dry through the night and I never have to worry about the diaper leaking!
With my daughter we have been using Pampers Swaddlers. There have been a few cases where we have used a generic brand of diapers and they don't compare to the quality, fit, and absorbency of Pampers! With Pampers my daughter always wakes up feeling dry even when she has a bulging saturated diaper
These diapers fit better than Huggies atleast for size one. The indicater on the diaper is very nice for little ones who hate diaper changes. Over all the cost and quality are consistent you pay for what you get.
I have two little girls, one drinks more water then any other toddler I have seen. And these diapers hold up over night, 12 hours, with out any leakage! One less thing to deal with is always nice in the morning with two kids under two.
I've always used Swaddlers for both of my children. I have another due at the end of May whom I will also be using Swaddlers on. I've never had a problem with this diaper and will continue to use them as long as I keep having kids! I love telling people how great they are. And they smell so sweet like a baby :)
My only complaint about this diaper is my son often poos out of the back.
I have three boys and have used Pampers with all of them. I've tried different brands in the past but nothing compares to Pampers. I've never had any problems with leaking or blow outs! Plus, they fit nicely on the boys when they run, jump and play.
I tried just about every diaper with my first child and pampers were the only ones that would keep her dry all night and day. So when I had my second child I knew that the only diapers I would use is swaddlers.
These smell great and really keep my baby dry. The wetness indicator is very helpful for new parents who have not gotten the "feel" for full diapers yet. I do wish they were more affordable however.
We love using Pampers Swaddlers diapers because they stay dry.
I only use Pampers! I've been gifted other brands & use them so they don't go to waste,but it turns out being worse than just throwing them away. With Pampers I still have not had anything leak out! Extra absorbant & comfortable.
I will continue to use pampers. They have been a positive experience for us.
Wish were bit cheaper but never have had leakage and love the seaddler line :)
great diapers for newborns come in more sizes now alittle expensive
YES!!! Finally a diaper that would keep my son dry through the night! At least 3 to 4 times a week, he would have a wet diaper which would leak through his pj's and crib sheet. I was so happy to find Pampers Extra Protection for nighttime as his daytime diaper just wasn't cutting it. Less laundry and happy baby makes for one happy Momma!!
My daughter has been using pampers since birth and she has rarely had any outside leaks or diaper rash! Pampers is a great product and we will continue to use this brand. I love that pampers provides affordable diapers with excellent quality!
It is nice that you would be able to tell if the diaper is full without removing the diaper from the baby.
My daughter is 7 weeks old and I love how the have a slight baby powder smell to them. The amount they absorb is crazy! I highly recommend to new moms.
The wet indicator is handy for new parents. Absorbency is terrific!
We have tried numerous other brands. Without giving names, we have had issues with leaky diapers and rashes and by far, Pampers has held up the best! We used them for my daughter and will continue to use them with our son.
I have yet to have a leak with any of the Pampers diapers. They are form fitting and keep the baby (and clothes) dry. Very happy!
I loved these diapers when the baby was smaller it was the only ones that we used. Perfect for your little one
I love pampers products! The diapers fit great and absorb great. I absolutely love the wetness indicator because I do not have to stick my finger in the diaper or take the diaper off in order to find out if my childs diaper is wet. Pampers' products help mothers enjoy those special moments more!
wouldn't use another diaper. pampers swaddlers fit well, don't cause rashes, and keep the clothes protected.
I swear by these diapers! After our daughter was born, we tried several different brands of diapers, and Pampers prevented more leaks than any of the other brands we tried. These were the diapers our hospital used... we should have just stuck with them instead of wasting our time testing other brands. They were worth every penny!
Pampers are def my favorite of all brands! Recommend for all:)
I am the mom of 6 month old twin boys. Although they are twins, they could not be more different....especially sizewise. The Pampers diapers fit each boy like a glove! We are now on size 2 diapers and have used the newborn and size 1 diapers. We had initially tried some Huggies diapers due to a sale but we would rather pay a little more to have Pampers!
I absolutely LOVE these Swaddlers! Both of my sons have been in them since they were born and I couldn't be happier. I've tried others (trying to save money) and I always return back to these. I wish they would continue with the sizes...since both of my sons are now in 5's. I hate to have to move on to another type because of sizing, but these have been the best by far!
Pampers are the only diapers i'll use on my daughter. They never leak and work great.
I love pampers products!!! I tried other brands but it wasn't like pampers.
I have tried other brands of diapers, but Pampers is the only one that keeps my children dry! I know I can rely on Pampers to do their job if I am unable to change a diaper right away, or if my child sleeps longer than usual. I am on my second child, and I exclusively use Pampers for reliability.
We use both Pamper's wipes and diapers. We are never disappointed with Pamper's products
I have tried many other diaper brands over the years with my four kids - Pampers has always been my favorite! The fit is best for reducing risk of leaking, material is soft and flexible for comfortable movement, and I really like the wetness indicator. My kids have sensitive skin and Pampers has been the most gentle to help avoid diaper rash.
Excellent product. I love pamper swaddler for my son.
Swaddlers are great. I like how they fit my baby, they hold a lot in and don't leak which is fabulous . I also likw the strip that changes when he uses the bathroom. They'ere a bit pricey, but if it ain't broke don't fix it, lol.
Best diapers for the newborns and infants. Swaddlers are the best for babiez. A little expensive though.
I have used all of the pampers line of products! Both my boys get a rash from every other brand. These are the only diapers that keep them dry and rash-free. The swaddlers are great! They are so soft on the outside, too. Great for moms and babies. We are a pampers family all the way.
My 2 sons love to play and run all the day and Pampers makes them feel comfortable and happy
Soft and absorbent. Easy to use. Economical. Would highly recommend to new moms.
Swaddlers are definitely the best diaper out there for my little one. I love the wetness indicator at this stage too!
Of all the brands of diapers, I have found that Pampers fit best. I love their Baby Dry diapers for nights, and I love the line on the Swaddlers. Great brand!
I put pampers swaddlers on both my babies. My Son is 18 months old & n the size 3. He is a slinder child & the pampers fit well we never have any leeks or rashes unlike w the huggies! We started out n the huggies pure & natural because I knew my children would have sensitive skin like my husband & myself. FYI the swaddlers & the huggies pure & natural r the only diaper that don't bother they're skin. The pampers baby dry do ok for a lil while but we can't use them all the time, & absolutely can't use the the huggies snug & dry we tried them once we got threw 5 diapers & my baby had the worst diaper rash ever he couldn't even sit down without crying so I drove to town at midnight to get some pampers. The huggies pure & natural did great until we moved into size 3, then they leaked every time! It was awful, I had to pack an extra out fit evertime we went to town, eventually I just bout a pk of pampers & alternated between the two diapers until we finished the pk of huggies. So when my baby girl arrived we bought her pampers & her lil booty Is perfect!
I'm a new mom and of course I was given diapers at my shower and once my baby was here I had a chance to try them all. Verdict was that Swaddlers are the best! The wetness indicator is such a great detail when you are learning the ins and outs of diapers those first few weeks. Six months in and I still use Swaddlers.
We love pampers products! We have tried other brands and they do not compare!
I love Pampers swaddlers. My little girl is 5 weeks old and I haven't had a single leak. I also used them on my son (who is now 3) and I loved them then too.
My daughter used huggies(that's what our hospital used) from birth to 6 weeks. We decided to switch because I've used pampers in the past while working as a nanny and loved the quality. I continue to be impressed with these diapers. When she started sleeping through the night I could not believe how well they held up and didn't leak. Thank you!
These diapers are both absorbent and comfortable for my baby. They fit well, and the wetness indicator is so nice to have!
We have been using swaddler sensitive for my son since he was born. The diaper is soft and fits well. We tried a few huggies my friends passed on to us. For the same size, he always had leakage on huggies but have no problem w the swaddler.
However, I've noticed some light brown lines or spots on the exterior of the diapers. They came in the new sealed packs. And I saw these spots on different cases and sizes. The brown spots are usually in the center and almost look like stains during packaging. Not sure what they are. Since they are only on the exterior we still use them. They seems to be harmless but I would feel better if I know the cause.
Of all of the brands, Pampers Swaddlers fit our son the best. The hospital recommended them and Connor has worn them since. They last long and the quality is obvious. We wouldn't use another brand
With both my children Pampers Swaddlers were my 1st pick from disposable diapers. I love the way they feel and fit my little ones.
We love Swaddlers diapers! The wetness indicator is very helpful. Any other brand diaper we used resulted in more changing, leaks etc. Not with Pampers Swaddlers!
We moved our baby up to size 2. We had huggies to try that we had received as a gift. The diaper did not fit correctly so she was peeing out of the diaper every night. We purchased pampers to try since the huggies didn't work out. PERFECT! She has not peed through a diaper since we have gone back to pampers!!
I love pampers baby dry. It's very rare to have a diaper leak with these Diapers.
I've used these since day one for my son who's almost 18 months old & now I use them for my 3 week old daughter. I've tried other brands, but have always come back to Pampers, they're the best! The fit is great & after all this time, I've had less than a handful of leaks and haven't had any problems with diaper rash, unlike other brands I've tried. I would definitely recommend these to friends & have bought them as gifts as well.
First of all my daughter fits perfect in pampers pullups. She loves Dora character and that motivates her to go potty. Me as a mother the price and quality of product makes me happy on giving this review. Ive tried this product and i recommended to all kids in USA!
Before my little one was born my sister-in-law recommended Pampers because, as she said, "They never fail!" and so far I have been incredibly pleased!
We have been using pampers since our daughter was born only had a maybe 10 messes out the diaper but they have worked great for her the whole time
I would recommend Pampers swaddlers as we had a smaller baby at 5 pounds and all other newborn diapers seemed to not fit her the way Pampers did. Also they were always the only ones in stock consistently in store.
I have used pampers diapers and the fresh scent wipes since my son was born. 18 months later and I still swear by the product! He has never had a diaper rash or any other problems from this brand. They are comfortable for night time and for play. He moves around in them with no problem! I would definetly reccomend the product to a friend!
We love Pampers Swaddlers! We tried another brand once, and they felt like cardboard. Swaddlers are soft, absorbent, and fit really well!
Pampers are wonderful and affordable! I would definitely recommend them to other parents and will continue to buy them myself!
My son is using these diapers .he love it .i will recommended this product
I've used pampers swaddlers for the first two months and will continue to use them! They are super absorbent and have a great comfortable fit for him. He has had very minimal leakage with these diapers. I would definitely recommend this product :)
the price is kinda high but good diaper, i have always used this brand
Both of my kids were in swaddlers and never had and diaper rash, redness or leakage. They hold up better than any other. They are so much softer than other choices too!
I love pampers swaddlers. It's perfect for my little girl.
This it's the best diaper.. so soft! The line turns color when we et.. that's awesome
We are a pampers family through and through. Thank you for making sure your product is always exceptional.
When I had my first baby, I would always use Huggies, & they would leak everywhere. So, I decided to try Pampers, & have had maybe a handful of leaks. I realized that Pampers are made to fit any kind of size baby, whereas some of the other diapers brands are more narrow so they might not fit a chunky baby right which in turn causes leaks. As a Mom of 7, I can say that I have tried my share of all brands of diapers, & Pampers is the best one I have ever used :)
As always, Pampers has a great product in the Cruisers diapers. I have tried other diapers and for my active toddlers, there is no comparison!
Softest diaper made and easy to tell when a change is ready because of the yellow/blue stripe.
Pampers is always our number one choice. They were the only diaper my daughter did not have a reaction to and have kept all three of my babies skin happy and healthy.
I love pampers, I tried target brand, buggies and pampers was the best choice
Great diaper. Loved the swaddler diaper for my infant.
We tried many different diapers for our girls and we always came back to Pampers Swaddlers. They were the only ones that never blew out and always fit without any issues. When comparing the quality and softness of the diapers, they were always the softest. This was important for us because one of our daughters had eczema and a harsh diaper would aggravate the condition.
I absolutely love the pampers swaddlers! They are ao absorbent & I love how soft they are!! I have always used pampers products & would highly recommend them to anyone!!!
Pampers #2 fit my baby perfectly. I would highly recommend them to all parents with babies.
We will only buy Swaddlers in our household. After trying several other brands that leaked and allowed for blowouts, we settled on Pampers. Even though they're pricier, we rarely have a problem with leakage, even with the wettest and dirtiest diapers. They're worth the extra money, and the Swaddlers are the best because of their wetness indicator. We love how easy that makes it to tell if the baby is wet or not.
My baby never has had rash or eruptions. Using pampers dipers, I don't have to use diper ointment at each diper change :)
I always used huggies with my other 2 boys and was content with it. When I tried papmpers swaddle, I was surprised to see how wonderful it fit and absorbed. Never had to deal with wet bed sheets or onesies.
Pampers is my go to when it comes to diapers. The quality and durability is excellent.
Pampers swaddlers are so absorbent! I love how my child can sleep for 12 hours and still wake up in dry pajamas.
9 weeks of no leaks!

They recommended these at the hospital and we have been buying ever since.
My husband really enjoyed the wetness indicator. Pampers are awesome diapers.
We have ONLY used Pampers diapers and wipes with our daughter. She will be 2 in a few days. We are overly satisfied with the products, very few accidents, which is amazing!!!
I loved Swaddler pampers for our newborn twins!!! I was ecstatic now they are up to size 5. They are by far the best fitting diapers I have found for my boys. I recommend them to all my friends and I buy them for anyone that I know expecting.
With two little diaper wearing kids, Pampers Swaddlers is my first choice. They fit nice and snug around the little ones bottom and are great for little ones with sensitive skin.
I love Pamper Swaddlers & the cruisers! They smell awesome. They're so soft. I wouldn't use any other diaper!
Keeps my kids dry all night! I have a boy and girl and they are great for both
This is a great diaper. We've used it with our daughter since she was born and she's now 10 mos old. At night we do double up on them because they tend to hold more that way, but she has done well with them. They seem to move well with her too.
I've been using pampers product for more than two years now. It's really great!
Swaddlers always keep my little man dry. They've never leaked out. The fit is perfect and the wetness indicator is awesome! It's a must for new parents. Swaddlers are a 5 out of 5!!!
These are the only diapers I buy! I definitely love them:)
These diapers are so soft I never felt worries that they could hurt my little one at all. No areas rubbed raw from harsh materials. They also hold a lot as well for over night usage!
I love the indicator strip. The diapers have good absorbency too.
I love swaddled! They are a great fit and absorb more than any other brand!
We had far less blow outs with Pampers compared to other brands
I tried using several types of diapers on my newborn; Pampers Swaddlers are by far the best! I change far fewer outfits and do less laundry, because these diapers do not leak and are very absorbent.
I love pampers. I know that I can put a pampers swaddler on my baby when I put him to bed and that he will be dry in the morning when he wakes up. Other diapers would leak, leaving me with more laundry to do, and this doesn't happen with pampers!
We tried other diapers but they aren't as great as the Pampers. We love them! They fit well! Highly recommend to any parent looking for a great diaper for a good price.
I found that pampers swaddlers were the best fit and held all the liquid stool in the diaper when my daughter was a newborn
Great diapers! We only use pampers! They last all night long!
Pampers swaddlers are the best diapers we have used for the first 5 months! The fit is amazing we tried others that did't seem to fit and swaddlers didn't leak!
Pampers are by far the best diapers I have tried and my family will continue to use them as well as the wipes with all my children.
We were having a hard time finding a diaper that would work for my daughter through the night. So we tried the easy ups after some other moms said it worked for their kids. We we're thrilled to find they worked.
These are good diapers. They hold a lot and fit well. The swaddlers are my favorite pampers diapers
I love that they are now available in larger sizes! Yay Pampers!!
I used these diapers for my first kid and am now using them again for my 2nd. they do a great job of not leaking and wicking the moisture away from baby's skin so as not to irritate or cause them to wake up. I won't try any other diaper!
I am a first time parent, and having some knowledge about diapering and caring for a baby...I was overwhelmed with everything, as any new parent any product that will make things a little easier is well worth it! Pampers newborns with them umbilical cord cut out and the wetness make not only fit great, but made life as a new parent a little easier, as I knew when the line changed from yellow to blue my little one needed a change.
The best diapers I have ever used, I have tried many brands and nothing compares to pampers swaddlers.
I love pampers. they r the only brand that works on my kids.
Pampers swaddlers is the best of all products ever! It Never fails. Always does a great job on keeping my baby's Bottom dry and clean.
We love the swaddlers. They are super absorbent and fit well. My husband (and me, really) love the strip that shows if our baby girl is wet or not.
These are the only diapers that can keep my son dry all night. And it's the only diaper that poo barley ever makes its way out of. I wouldn't use any other kind.
I used these for both of my daughters. They are very gentle on their skin.
Pampers is the best product I've used . There wipes and sleep dry diapers are my favorite . The sensitive and regular wipes don't tear and smell great , even through a big mess . When your child gets bigger so does there potty and I've used other products to test things and the only diapers that have held the messes are pampers dry . I love pampers it's like they grow with your child .pampers is the help a mom doesn't have during the day.
Pampers swaddlers has defenitely met our expectation. We have been using swaddlers for our little one from day 1 and still are, she is 5 months now. She can go a whole night without complaints (thats if she doesnt wake up to eat).
I love pampers swaddlers! I have tried other diapers and end up using just a couple in the pack and go back to my trusted pampers!
Pampers never disappoints!! Love all their products!!
We've been so happy with Pampers in general. As new parents (who haven't really changed a diaper recently), it was nice that the Pampers Swaddlers had a "cheat" system to help alert us when baby was wet. We've tried the Pampers Swaddlers, Cruisers and use Baby Dry at night. All three types fit out son perfectly and we have had minimal blowouts and leaks. LOVE these diapers.
Great diaper. I used with all my kids and I highly recommend!
I am finding that Pamper Swaddlers are - hands down - the way to go. They keep my baby the driest, even compared to regular Pampers. And now that he's sleeping through the night, it's very important to keep him dry.
The swaddlers fit my son perfectly. He was a premie so we tried every brand. He is now 8 weeks and we love them eveb more!
My son can load up some diapers but Pampers never fails us, whether 3 in the morning or during the day!
I absolutely love pampers Swaddlers! The absorbency and dryness are excellent! They fit my son better than any other brand and we love the mark to tell whether he's dry or wet! Such a helpful part of diapering!
This brand is the most dry and softest for our little ones. It has the most absorbency, but there no need to find out how much it will hold ...because the line marking wetness lets you know its time to change before it gets too heavy for the baby. love it!
This is our trusted go-to brand. No complaints here.
I love the product and the quality. I would recommend it to my friends.
Our hospital used swaddled from pampers and we fell in love. They are easy to put on easy to tell when they're wet and easy to roll up and throw into a trash can. We had twins so diaper changing is a big part of our day. We are also using a different brand for our daughter and the diapers take too much time to put on and roll up for the trash where the pampers just take seconds. The only downside for our family is the price per diaper.
The Material is definitely softer than other other brands.
When our son was born, we tried several brands, but lived swaddlers. Plus, he didn't smell like urine all day.
Keeps the little guy dry with the best and soft fit.
I have been given so many suggestions on what diaper to use as a first time mom. The suggestion that spoke loudest to me was that my hospital used and sent me home with Pampers Swaddlers for our new son. So they did it for me. Now I did receive another brand diaper for a gift and got into a bind with no swaddlers in the house. Using what we had I was so disappointed.
Swaddlers lets you know with the magical line when the diaper is wet. We have never had any leaks from blow outs which happen often in our house. Mostly my baby's bottom always stays dry when he wears swaddlers.
I love pampers I always used them with both of my kids and I will continue to use them. I don't have to change products as they grow because pampers grows with them.
Been using pampers product since my baby born. Love the swaddeller.
Our hospital used Pampers but we had purchased another brand to use at home. But the Pampers were so much better at everything that we very quickly went out and bought more...we have a Pampers Baby!!
great quality, always be loyalty with Pampers, always refer to friend
My favorite thing about Pampers is that is doesn't cause my child to break out. These are the only diapers that work. The wetness indicator is nice and the adjustable fit is good . My baby was big so being able to size down bigger diapers was nice.
I am definately a pampers mom, they are soft to my baby and my toddlers skin, they do not get rash, unlike the other brand. My kids stay dry and they do not leak. Pampers brand is our family brand. We love them.
Love these diapers. My boy can't wear anything else.
Swaddelers are soft, absorbent and fit my little guy perfectly. I was so excited when they made the size 5. Now he's in a 6 and I'm still using pampers but I miss the swaddelers. Best ever!
I have 3 kids and when I had my first it was a struggle deciding what diapers to use. Once I tried pampers swaddlers I was convinced they where the best. They are soft and super absorbent. I have never had any problems with these diapers. I have now used pampers swaddlers with all my kids and would never change.
People got me every brand of diaper for my baby shower. These topped them all! My baby is very sensitive. She wore them all the way thru size five! Perfection.
very soft and comfort fit.Pampers softest protection wraps your baby in comfort.
We used the swaddlers diapers with color change strip for all of our kids. Quality can't be beat. And when they are so small and going through so many diapers the indicator strip is a wonderful reminder of when another change is needed.
I love pampers swaddlers! They fit my child perfectly and never leak!
I use pampers swaddles since my daughter was born 4 months ago and I love the product. I fits perfectly, it never leaks, and the mark that shows if the diaper is wet is awesome!
This product is really good, we are happy to introduce for friends.
I love the pampers products. I reconnected pampers swaddlers to a friend 5 minutes ago.
These are the best diapers ever! I bought other brands and they broke the baby out!! pampers is all i will buy now,i wont take a chance on a rash again!!
You can always trust that Pampers are going to give you the quality your child deserves!
The hospital I had my son at started him in Swaddlers, and it is obvious as to why! These diapers are far better than any other brand, and they're even better than the other Pampers' lines of diapers. I've probably tried every line and brand of diapers on my son, and I am a loyal Swaddler buyer. I trust them to put on my son to bed for a 8-12 hour sleep span with no leakage or sogginess. I recommend these to anyone with a baby-- Newborn all the way up to Size 5.
I am a new mother to a new beautiful baby girl and when I went to choose what diapers I wanted I had no clue what I was doing. Pampers was recommended by a family member and all I can say that it is true that family shares the best kept secrets. I love everything about pampers because they fit really well and hold so much and when I go to change my daughter I sometimes have to ask my husband if it is wet or not because they have such good absorbency
This is the only kind that we found our daughter didnt leak through during the night.
I have never had a leak while using Pampers diapers
I have tried different brand of diapers and pampers swaddlers are the best. They are extremley absorbent. And i love how it pulls the wetness away from yhe baby to keep them dry.
I like the Swaddlers. They are the best for newborn babies. When they get over 14 pounds I like the Pampers sensitive the best.
They fit great. Never give problems with diaper rash. And theyare comfortable for my girls.
Love swaddlers especially after having twins!! Input my girls in swaddlers at night every night.
Great quality and absorbency. Wish the value in price was equivalent to other brands is the only negative.
The swaddlers are what I seek out when I need to get diapers for my daughter. I like the way they fit her, the little blue line that appears as soon as she is wet, and the fact that she's never leaked out of them.
These diapers are great at night time... No leaks!
This is what the hospital sent us home with - they are a little more expensive than some others so we tried some different diapers. Then we went back to swaddlers - it is worth the extra, especially for NB. Now we are on our second little one, and we know we won't need to try to rest - we'll just stick with swaddlers for this little guy.
As a "new" mom, Pampers swaddlers helped us get through the urgency of diaper changing. We found the color changing strip to be extremely helpful. When our baby would be wet, the diaper said it all without a leak! It even helped get everybody in board with keeping our little one fresh and clean. The only reason I placed one less star than a perfect rating was due to a diaper tab mishap where the tab ripped before use. I was very pleased to find that Pampers was extremely accommodating in this matter! What a great Pampers team of employees.
I wouldn't buy any other pamers brand. I have tried other brands & I just don't like them.
We have always used pampers and will continue to. Great products all around.
I love the yellow line in the middle that turns blue when wet!
These keep my little one nice and dry all night. I have used them for 2 years now with no complaints.
I have tried many different types of diapers and these have been the only ones that have kept both my boys dry throughout the night. No leaks!
Great fit, super absorbant, and good value! I used only Pampers with my twins and now again with my youngest!
The wetness indicator is a must-have. It's also extremely useful when baby is sleeping and you don't want to wake them to check for wetness. No other brand compares!
Pampers Swaddlers were what my baby used for diapers in the NICU, my husband and I love these diapers and have only bought them since then.
I have used pampers swaddlers and huggies and I hands down choose pampers. They stay dryer longer and they're softer.
Pampers are awesome! Worth a few extra dollars for no leaks and keeping my baby dry. The hospital I delivered at used them and I continued to use them at home.
I am a mom and a NICU nurse and can tell you pampers are the best out there!
I have used pampers swaddlers on my 3 boys (5, 3, and 6 months) for over 5 years now. After trying different brands on my first born, I realized the quality and softness of swaddlers. I continued to use them on my next two boys without even hesitating.
We have preferred Swaddlers since my baby was born. We bought a lot of random brand diapers before my son was born. Huggies gave my son a horrible reaction. Luvs and the store brand leaked.

Swaddlers not only were the only ones that fit him well and didn't leak but we love the blue line indicator. We are so glad they go to size 5 now.
We have tried several kinds of diapers/brands. Pampers Swaddlers are by far our absolute favorite! We will stick with Pampers until our little guy is potty trained! The fit is perfect. The absorbency lasts all night.
I have used pampers swaddlers with all 3 of my girls and love them.
I love using pampers diapers on my son. Especially at night when I know he won't leak!!
I absolutely love Pampers swaddlers! The stripe that turns blue when the diaper is wet is a life saver! I never have to stick my finger in and find surprises because of it! I would recommend Pampers to anyone and everyone!
I love pamper swaddlers diapers!! The newborn size are wonderful!! They fit great on your little one. They don't bother their belly buttons.
Our little one is allergic to almost all other diapers Except pampers swaddlers! We love how gentle the fabric is for her sensitive skin!!
We have tried Luvs & Huggies but nothing works as well as Pampers! Our 11 month old daughter sleeps 12-13 hours at night & only Pampers have kept her dry. The other diaper brands leaked so we were changing her bedding & bathing her in the morning. Can always depend on Pampers!
It stays in place and I love that leak guard protection.
These were the only diapers we bought for our baby. I had received a few varying styles & brands in diaper cakes, etc. Some brands leaked, some did not fit, & honestly some were just not cute. Pampers Swaddlers hit all of those categories & excelled expectations. A friend of mine is having a child in September & I just bought her a pack for her shower!
great touch feel, like fabric softness, but the sizes run small, it used to leak on the back so I had to buy a bigger size sooner.
Great product. The Swaddlers fit better than any other products
We have been fans of these diapers since our two boys were in the hospital. We were advised by well meaning family and friends to switch to other (cheaper) brands, but we always come back to these. They have the best fit and the best absorbency of any others that we have tried.
We have tried Huggies, Loves, store brand but pampers swaddlers worked the best. They did not leak, kept baby dry, and fit in all the right spots.
I am a huge Pampers believer! They are softer than any other brand of diaper I have used and are very absorbent. I LOVE the strip that lets you know when your little one is wet!
For the buck, they are the way to go for sure. Other brands either dont work out or cost way too much and we go through a lot of diapers.
I like the fact that my toddler doesn't wake up during the night, I also like the softness, not like the competitors brand, anyway, I do have a question regarding the corners, I like that the competitors brand has Velcro like on the sides, just a thought, but I do prefer you a hundred times more!!!
Def way better than Huggies. I use pampers products all of the time and I love it
soft and gentle to my baby's skin never had diaper rashes.
but a little bit pricy.
I tried others diaper brands for my daughter but i always come back to pampers. Its good for my sensitive baby bottom.
I really love Pampers Swaddlers over other diapers
We tried all brands of diapers with our first daughter & decided that pampers swaddlers worked the best so when our second daughter was born we knew exactly what diapers to go for!
Wouldn't use any other brand! Pampers is the best!
We originally used Huggies for our daughter when she was born and they worked well since she was chubby. Soon she started to lengthen out and the Huggies were not getting the job done. We switched to Pampers and have never looked back. They have done a wonderful job.
These diapers are the best!!! I never have to worry about leaks.
Sure you can find cheaper diapers, but they won't be as soft or absorbent. No leaks when we use Pampers!
I love swaddlers. As a first time mom, it is hard to know if the diaper is dirty or not. I'm not used to sniffing diapers, so having the line turn blue is very helpful. My son is growing at an alarming rate. Having the next size available is just what we need!
Sometimes the baby goes for 6-8 hours in the night without being changed and swaddlers do a great job keeping her dry!
I LOVE SWADDLERS. I AM USING THEM ON MY SECOND CHILD NOW. I TRULY FEEL THEY ARE THE SOFTEST DIAPER ON THE MARKET. THEY ARE A LITTLE MORE EXPENSIVE, BUT WELL WORTH IT.
You get exactly what you pay for when it comes to diapers. Pampers offers quality product at an affordable price!
I have used Pampers on my LO since he was born. I wouldn't use anything else. It keeps him dry and he never fusses. He hasn't had a diaper rash and he is 5 months old. I would recommend Pampers to anyone. They have your LO in mind.
Great quality as usual...love them as usual!!!
i always buy them : )
I have used pampers for both of my children and wouldn't think of using anything else!
I love how the diapers fit my son. I like how they have decorative characters.
Fits great, absorbs great!! No irritation!! Very pleased compared to other products I have tried.
Love the blue strip that indicates baby is wet and absorbency
I used pampers when my daughter was a baby and now she is 4yrs old. Now I have 5 month old son and use pampers
Best diaper for night time sleeping, keeps baby dry. Use less pricier diapers during day time.
offer a comment section for good or bad comments because questions don't cover all aspects especially yes and no questions.
My favorite! Premium softness. Love the inner mesh to keep baby dry.
when my son was in newborn I started him with Huggies. He rapidly grew and the weight of my son would not fit into the proper size of the Huggies diapers. even worse when he started sleeping through the night he would soak his diaper and leaks through on to his bed. I quickly switch him to pampers and haven't had a problem since amazed by the absorbency and the great fit for my baby. Now I'm a Pampers mom
I tried out a lot of diapers when my son was first born, mostly due to gifts from the shower. The hospital gave us preemie diapers and the fit was perfect. It was hard to find them that size in the store, but once I did I stocked up. Compared to other brands they fit the best around the legs. We've continued to use them as my son grows. I was happy to see them started making them in larger sizes. We are about to have our 2nd child and will for sure be using Pamepers Swaddlers again!
My son was a preemie and the hospital used pampers. When I got home I continued to use them. I have tried a couple other brands but the pampers swaddlers are my favorite.
I loved these when my infant was a newborn. They are extra soft and absorb wonderfully!
Perfect product for the most sensitive baby skin. Excellent quality
The diapers are amazing. I have used other brands before but none compare to the quality of pampers
This diaper handles everything you need it to. The coverage is perfect, the fit hugged my baby and never allowed an accident. Its absorbent design always kept my baby nice and dry. Definitely my #1 choice.
My husband l loves the wetness line. They are more absorbent than huggies.
As a mother of four, i have tried my share of different brands of diapers. I've bought cheaper ones to save money, but end up using more diapers. I've tried "organic" diapers, they could barely hold water. I've even tried the competing brand, which came close, but had a funny smell when soiled with urine. No matter how many brands i try, eventually, i always return to Pampers. So far (for 12 years) it's the only brand that gives me peace of mind in function, comfort and reliability to meet my children's needs. Pampers Swaddlers for new babies and Cruisers for babies on the move. They simply work, work well and are worth the price.
I've been using pampers since my son was born and I love them. They fit great, good absorantcy and hardly any blow outs. I've tried other brands of diapers and I was not satisfied with them. So, I went back to pampers. The cruisers are awesome. I would recommend pampers to everybody!
I have 4 children ages 12, 9, 2 and 1. Pampers Swaddlers weren't around when my older 2 were babies so I used Pampers Baby Dry. That was my plan for my younger 2 when I found out I was pregnant but after I saw how great the absorbency was on the samples from the hospital I was hooked. The yellow line turning blue is just an added bonus. I'm a die hard pampers fan and these diapers are by far my favorite!
Pampers Swaddlers diapers are the softest diaper ever and the convenient color changing indicator is awesome!
The Pampers Swaddlers are as good as they come diaper wise. The little line for wetness indicator makes life with a baby easier also. Overall I love Pampers! They might be a little bit more pricey than the competitors but totally worth it.
Tried other products on occasion and always came back to Pampers. You just can't beat the quality and comfort for your baby
Amazing absorbency, great fit, love the indicator.
As a new mom, I wanted the best for my baby. Pampers Swaddlers keep him dry and comfortable
Loved these during the day when my little one was a baby.
I absolutely love Pampers Swaddlers diapers, and I would recommend them to anyone!
I have a 12 day old son and we have tried 3 different brands of diapers to see what would work for us. The Pampers Swaddlers are the softest and keep him most dry. Unlike another brand, the Pampers have yet to leak which is a huge plus. This is by far the best diaper for the money.
We were given swaddlers when our twin girls were born in the hospital. We have had other brands and seemed to have leaking issues but have found the swaddlers to be the best. Love them and highly recommend them to all my friends who are having babies.
Love how dry it keeps my baby! Swaddlers are great!
I have an 11 month old and when she was first born I tried a variety of different brand diapers. But Pampers Swaddlers are by far the best made diapers. From the absorbency to the snug fit my little angel can wiggle and crawl freely and I'm not concerned with the possibility of a leak.
Love this product.. glad they made bigger sizes :)
I have tried many brands of diapers and I always go back to pampers swaddlers! They keep my baby dry all night and love the blue indicator line.
We were introduced to these in the hospital, and stuck with them until our little one began to crawl. Loved them!
We've primarily used Pampers Swaddlers for our little guy since day 1. That is what the hospital had and we found out, from experience with diapers of other brands, that Swaddlers work best for him. He's worn Swaddlers from Newborn through size 3 (to present) and they provide the best fit, coverage and feel for him. We are so glad that they are now available in larger sizes, as well!
Absolutely love swaddlers. My son has a herniated belly button so these were great with the cutout in larger sizes.
I was given both this brand and another brand for the arrival of my son. This brand was just better from the beginning. He had no accidents or leaks versus the other brand where it would leak from the side or back area. I definitely referred Pampers to friends and continue to purchase it for my son.
We love pampers products. We know we can count on them.
We received Pampers Swaddlers diapers at the hospital I delivered at. From the very beginning, I trusted these diapers for our little one. They fit perfectly and there was never an adverse reaction. We continued to purchase these diapers well after the package from the hospital ran out. We've never had an issue with blowouts or leaks!
I was so glad when swaddlers started making bigger sizes. After my daughter turned 1 year old, all of the diapers started leaking. I tried all kinds of brands and types. This is the only diaper that doesn't constantly leak. Other diapers don't fit well across the butt, and pooh would come out the leg. Pampers swaddlers fits great and keeps it all in.
Pampers swaddlers are great! My husband finds them very helpful because he looks at the line and knows if he needs to change the diaper already. The only thing I was unsure about was the mesh looking part of the diaper. I thought it would give my son a rash but I was wrong. It holds everything inside which makes me very happy. Love the diapers!
Pampers Swaddlers were the diapers that the hospital used when our baby was born and stayed in the NICU for a week. After getting her home, we agree wholeheartedly with the choice! We registered for many brands to try, and our favorite are Pampers Swaddlers by far! Our baby will be in Pampers til she's potty trained.
I love the wetness indicator line. It takes the guess work out of when the diaper needs to be changed. Great for middle of the night diaper changes! I also love how soft these diapers feel.
I have been using this product for 6 + years now and I will admit I've tried others, they just dont have the soft and comfort feeling pampers swaddlers have. Their continuous effort to keep my baby comfortable shows year after year!
There's a reason most hospitals use pampers for newborns and it's not because of the name. It's because they really are the best fit for those little bottoms whether it be a boy or girl. I didn't and won't (in the future) use anything else for my newborn/infant.
Love Pampers Diapers....Work Great For Both My kids
Really like the swaddlers, they are great diapers and never had any leaks with them. Only down side is that I wish more came in a box :)
My son is not quite ready for potty training but has started to hold it for hours and hours before he pees, when he finally does its a lot! Thank goodness for Pampers ability to design a diaper that can hold so very much. I have tried other brands but they never hold up and I end up having to change his clothes and/or bedding. Thank you Pampers!!
Excellent on every thing fit absrbancy value dryness and price
these diapers are great but not perfect when your baby is in between sizes. absorbancy and cleanliness are great.
I love pampers swaddlers for my newborn. The diapers are sift and contour to fit the baby. My husband also loves the wetness indicator on the diapers. We have used these diapers with each of our children. We never had any issues with leaking with these diapers either.
I've used pampers swaddlers since my son was born. I tried some other products because they were given to me as a gift but I came back to pampers because of the quality & fit.
Pamper's Swaddlers is an excellent product, it definitely outperforms Huggies. As a new mom, I stocked up on Pampers and Huggies before baby was born. After trying both, Huggies leaked all over the baby three separate times after baby had "poo poo explosions" in her diaper. One time was so bad, I had to cut the outfit off of her to avoid getting her body and hair soiled. I ended up donating the remaining packages of Huggies to a local church because I refused to use them anymore. Pampers are dependable. Not the cheapest, but if you use a coupon, you can get them for close to the price of generic store brands.
This is by far the best diaper n the market right now.
I have used pampers for 2 years now. not only do they fit my daughter perfectly, but they grow with her. i plan on using them for my new child.
i am so glad the swaddlers are now up to size 5. perfect timing!
I love how soft the swaddlers are. I wanted something comfy for my babies and I used these with both of my children. They don't rub or cut and the wetness sensor was a great help to my husband.
Love the swaddlers and swaddler sensitive especially now that they come in bigger sizes. both of my girls had sensitive skin and these worked for us. plus other brands leaked
I love pampers it's great! I would recommend it to anybody.
Really awesome product for my kid.would definitely recommend to others
These worked so well on my baby esp. When he was an infant! Other diapers leak but these held amazing well!
We use Swaddlers and Baby Dry. They fit my son the best of any diapers that we have tried.
I love Pampers Swaddlers for my newborn baby girl. They fit great, especially with the dip to account for her umbilical cord. We have yet to have a leak or anything going on 3 weeks!
I have used Swaddlers since my child was in the NICU. The are so gentle to the skin but still have the great quality I always expect from Pampers! Love these!!
I used pampers swaddlers for both of my kids and they have never had an accident. My kids have sensitive skin so I needed a product that is soft for their bottoms.
These diapers are the best. They really help new mommies by taking the guess work out of changing diapers.
Love pampers diapers a little on the pricey side but they work great especially for overnight
My husband and I have tried other diapers, but Pampers are by far our favorite brand. We've had fewer blow-outs with Pampers. Plus, our baby does NOT like to be wet, but she will stay in Pampers for a longer period of time before complaining. We recommend Pampers to any expectant family.
I have three little ones. All of them are in various stages of diapers, from Swaddlers to Pull Ups. I have tried other brands and they don't protect against leaks or fit quite as nicely as Pampers products. Save your time doing laundry because of leaks, save your money on other brands you won't like and buy Pampers!
I really like the swaddlers diaper! It has like a dry weave inside, the wetness indicator on the outside and a baby fresh smell!! Best Pampers Diaper!
I used Pampers Swaddlers for my son (through size 3) and then for my daughter. I was so happy when Pampers made Swaddlers in size 4! I love the softness of them, and I never had any leakage issues like I did with other brands. These are the best and I recommend them to all my friends who still have young ones in diapers!
I like this diaper puffs out in front to let me know it is wet. It can really hold a lot of fluid, and still feel very dry.
These diapers are great for little ones. The wetness indicator is awesome- especially for a first time mom.
Great product, very reliable, upmost comfort and fit
Swaddlers diapers are the best. From newborn to size 5, they are the most absorbent. We just love how soft they are for baby.
We have used pampers diapers from birth for all of our girls. Our oldest, 14 months, is in Pampers Cruisers and the flexibility and absorbency is amazing!
I received Pampers Swaddlers and Huggies from my baby shower. The Huggies brand leak and I will not use anything else from now on.
Best diapers ever! Keeps my son dry and never had any leaks!
Soft, absorbent with keep baby dry! Pampers Swaddlers will not disappoint you! Pampers Swaddlers are #1!
These diapers were great for my premie! We used the Swaddlers for her first few months and switched when she outgrew them (now the sizes go higher). Highly reccomend them!
My child has been in pampers since the day she was born and we've never had any problems
I would never use any other diaper. I would only use Pampers. Keeps baby dry and fits perfectly.
I used Swaddlers 8 years ago with my first son and would't dare use onything else on my newest son. I love this diaper and the wetness indicator is a plus!
I would recommend Pampers to any new mother, I would not use any other brand, my daughter never has diaper rash, or even an odor.. ever.
I was introduced to these while my twins were in the NICU. We still buy these at size 4. They are soft and great quality.
I have been very impressed with everything that Pampers has produced. I had my first two children 15 and 11 years ago so I was even more excited to see that Pampers has kept up the great quality.
Pampers swadlers are amazing. My 2 month old has had no leaks or blow outs with these diapers. She also sleeps about 8 hours at night and does not wake up because of a full diaper. They keep her dry and clean.
My daughter has just turned 12 months old and I will use nothing but Pampers Swaddlers. I have tried other brands but they do not compare to the fit, absorbency, and dryness that is offered by the Swaddlers. My daughter has never broken out in a rash or had any allergic reaction like she has with other brands. I love the blue line indicator because it takes the guessing away.
I only use Pampers because we have had no problems with them!!
I am a first time mom and I love and recommend Pampers brand items to everybody. Pampers brand was what my daughter left the hospital wearing. The pampers fit her well and the wipes are soothing to her bottom. Pampers make the best products.
I was so happy when I found out that swaddlers come in larger sizes now! They only went up to size 3 with my son and I never found anything else comparable in quality. Now I have been able to use swaddlers up to size 4 and they are great!
As a first time mom I had nothing to go on but opinions when it came to diapering. I received many different brands at my shower, but the hospital provided swaddlers and they have been my favorite after using all the different brands I received. They fit wonderful and are very absorbent without leakage, especially for long overnights. My son typically sleeps 12 hours a night now at 7 months and they are always super full in the morning but he is dry and so are his clothing & crib.
the diapers are very dependable they do what they say my daughter is able to move with them on and they dont leak like the other brand i love em
My son started off in swaddlers at the hospital when he was born. I loved them from the start. I did try other diaper because I got most of them as gifts from my baby shower but nothing compaired. They stay dry and are very soft and my little guy seems very comfortable. Ive never had any issues with them at all. Also they are availble in bigger sizes now! Which is amazing.
I love Pampers Swaddlers. I will definitely continue to use them until my baby is potty trained.
Love the comfortable fit and how my baby stays dry longer.
I used these for all 3. Of my kids when they were born,I love how flexible they are which is great fr newborns because it can be hard to find a diaper that fits a 5lb baby without going halfway up their stomach lol they're also very soft which is great for comfort
The only diapers I have ever used and the only diapers I will ever use!
Pampers are the only diaper that we will buy. They are the only ones that do not give my baby/toddler diaper rash.
We love Pamper in our house! We won't buy anything different!
I've tried a few different brands, but I feel that Pampers is the only one that's color changing indicator works.
Since my daughter was an infant, I have bought nothing but pampers. As a baby, I would find other diapers would not last the whole night or for long periods of time during the day. I just really liked swaddlers, that I stuck with them. As a new parent, you are a little overwhelmed with the many different types of products offered, but pampers makes it easy, somehow, for new parents. We are a pampers family! She's now 2, and we use the cruisers!
Pampers Cruisers! they are the best diapers yet. I wouldn't try any other. My 4 month old Sun love them!
These diapers are great, but they are expensive. I would love to use them all the time, but I am on a budget.
Pampers Swaddlers are awesome for newborns. They fit my skinny-mini babies much better than the other brands we tried (i.e. Huggies, 7th Generation, Kirkland).
An economy-sized package of Pampers Swaddlers (Sensitive) is my go-to gift for expecting parents. After using them for both my children, now ages 18 months and 4 years, and comparing them to competitor's diapers, Pampers Swaddlers have provided the best protection for newborns' side and back blowouts. The time savings in cleanup and laundry is worth the extra money these diapers cost. Instead of splurging on expensive, fancy baby blankets or a tiny newborn-sized outfit that may never be worn, buy your friends a big box of these diapers!
I love Pampers Swaddlers!!!! I keep Pampers Swaddlers at my house for when the babies come to visit and they do often because they both live nearby and I wouldn't use anything else!!!! They definitely help me with the yellow line that turns to blue when wet!!! No guess work at all!!! I love your product!!!
I love the pampers swaddled diapers they're so soft my baby loves them most definitely recommend.
We started using swaddles in the hospital. My husband loved the soft feel of the diaper, I loved that they fit our teeny tiny little ones. We had twins, so they were TINY!

The stripe showing when they were wet was helpful because they are so absorbent that sometimes you couldn't tell by feel.
I cannot say enough good things about pampers, my son is always comfortable, never gets irritation like other diapers! With baby number 2 we will defiantly choose pampers swaddlers!!
When I first tried these pampers swaddlers, I fell in love! I had tried other diapers before and was just not satisfied with the texture. As soon as I put these on my baby, I could tell the difference!! They also held up much longer at night!! Which was something that I really needed!!
I used these with both my little ones. I loved the new wetness strip on them!!!!
I have always love the pampers product..The Swaddlers is the one for the Florence family..4 kids later and still the same brand.. :)
Used swaddlers with our first baby now the second, this time around they are even better. Absorption is better and keep him dry longer! Excellent fit, very soft, and comfortable for new baby skin!
Have used these on my baby since day one. Just love em.
As a first time mom diapers are a new thing for me, I want something that is good, that will be comfortable for my baby and less stress for me. This product was used at the hospital so it must be good but I wanted to make sure. So I have tried few other brands of diapers and was not impressed. I love how it has wetness indicator, the liner that pulls away all the messes, how it fits and softness of the diaper. It is more expensive then some other brands but you get the best quality for your money.
My 5 month old twin girls were born at 35 weeks 5 days...premature. The NICU used nothing but Pampers so we became accustomed to the fit, strength and absorption. I've tried other diapers (we had a diaper raffle at the baby shower) and Pampers are by far my favorite. They're kind of spendy, but I like the way they fasten and hold on little babies' waists. Huggies has this weird "C" shape to theirs and it makes the diaper fold down funny.
Swaddlers were a great choice for my little one! They had much better absorbency than competitor's diapers, but with a great fit as well. I always trust Pampers to keep my babies covered!
Pampers swaddlers are the absolute best diapers money can buy. I refuse to use any other brand. Pampers are the on,y diapers my little one can't leak through. We LOVE Pampers!!
Starting out as a new parent, you aren't sure which product is going to be best for your child. After trying several different brands of diapers I received at my shower, Pampers proved to be the best for my child. Pampers didn't irritate her skin like some of the other brands. They fit well and keep my child dry. We are definitely a Pampers household now!
I love pampers swaddlers. They are the main diaper that I use for my son!
In fairness, I never tried any other brand of diapers on my baby, but that's because I never really needed to. The Pampers Swaddlers work perfectly well, and if it aint broke, don't fix it. Good fit and absorbency, we've changed some pretty loaded wet diapers and leaks haven't been a problem.
My 9-month-old is a very active girl. She has been from day 1. We tried reusable diapers with her - even ones with disposable inserts. They just didn't hold leakage in even within a very small timeframe of changing her. They also didn't keep her bottom dry enough. So we moved on to Huggies brand mainly because I had freebies from them. They didn't seem to be the right fit for her chunky legs and little breastfed filled belly. I also didn't like the tabs on the Huggies brand, but tried to use them with patience. Finally, I decided to put her in Pampers, the original diaper she wore when she was born and spent a single day in the hospital. Not only did they keep her dryer and soaked up any leakage better than the other diaper brands, but they also fit her much more easily around her bottom and her thigh area. Sure, we've had some "blowouts" using Pampers, but she's a growing girl for crying out loud and has been eating solids since she was 4-months-old. She is our first baby, so we have learned some lessons along the way! We started with Swaddlers, but now use Cruisers and they seem to do well for her sensitive skin. Note that I continue to use diaper cream on her bottom regardless of the type of diaper. I would recommend Pampers definitely over Huggies any day. Now if only diapers of any kind could biodegrade in landfills - but especially Pampers brand because we like them so much - that would be amazing.
We have enjoyed Pampers Swaddlers with both of our children. They are soft and durable. A great product!
Being a first time mom over a year ago, I didn't know where to begin with diapers. The hospital gave us pampers and so I just decided to stick with that brand. After trying a few of the cheaper brands, Pampers will be the only ones I ever buy! Swaddlers are the absolute best, and I am so glad they made them in the bigger sizes! Thanks Pampers, you're the best! :)
I would only use Pampers Swaddlers for my babies. Best diapers, especially for newborn. They also smell the best:)
I love the wetness indicator on the swaddlers. We used pampers in the hospital and still do.
Pampers is the only diaper we use, unless we cant afford them. We love them and would (and have) recommend them to any new mom and dad! Choosy moms choose Pampers :-)
We were very happy with this product for our newborn! We love the stripe that changes color when the diaper is wet!
I absolutely love the swaddlers diapers! They are far more comfortable feeling than other brands and don't leak like others either. They also have a moisture indicator so its easier than ever to tell when its time for a change. I will only use Pampers brand for my baby.
Pampers Swaddlers have never leaked for my baby! I've tried many different national and store brands and the Swaddlers are the absolute best! They are also super absorbent! My baby's skin always seems dry even when the diaper is soaked! These diapers are definitely my favorite and I recommend them to all my friends!
Really like how swaddlers are the most absorptive pampers
I love these diapers. Have used with both of my children and they seem to block oder well and i love the color changing line.
Pampaers swaddlers are great, but need to have more tension around the waste to keep from those running loose bowels going up the back of the child
absolutely love these diapers. no leaking even through the whole night, and the stripe that changes color allows me to know when the diaper is full. that way diapers don't go to waste when they could have been kept on a little longer. they also run a little bigger than the other types which allows you to stay using the lower size for a bit longer, it saves you some money since the bigger the diaper size the more expensive per diaper.
Pampers fit my baby the best and even when he is crawling he doesn't have any leaks.
Great product for new moms and new moms again. These diapers have the yellow line down the center of the front. Helps to remind us busy moms baby needs changed.
Especially great fit on my babes with skinny legs.
These diapers have been great for our little boy! He is able to sleep through the night and the diapers absorb so much! He very rarely wets through his diaper to his clothes!
I like to use it the most then other brand. But a little expensive.
I received these diapers from the hospital and I know why they use them. They are super absorbent and literally dumbie proof. I like the line in the front that lets you know when the diaper is wet.
A friend told me about Pampers Swaddlers before I had my baby. Another friend told me I should try different brands to see what suited my baby best. It wasn't very long before I decided that Pampers was the best for my baby and I have been using them ever since.
I have used Pampers brand diapers for both my daughters one who is now 8 and I just had my second daughter 5 months ago. I always come back to Pampers brand diapers. The fit is a little off, but every baby is different. She is too big for a one, but too small for a 2. We have NEVER experienced a leak and they hold so much liquid for overnight. I also love that they have Sesame Street characters on them.
I originally started out using other brands of diapers for my baby. However I had problems with leaks. I tried Pampers Swaddlers and noticed that my baby didn't have any leakage or rash. The swaddlers are soft too! I will ONLY use Pampers Swaddlers from here on out!
I love pampers swaddlers for my little guy. You know its a great product when the hospitals and doctor offices also use this product.
Pampers are the only diapers my son can wear. They are the most absorbent and fit him the best.
love pampers swaddlers - wish they went to size 6!
The Pampers Swaddlers never disappoint! They are the only diaper that my daughter (who is 20 months old) hasn't leaked out of at night. My one wish, is that they would be tighter fitting in the back. The quality is excellent and I would 100% recommend these diapers!
Fits great, no leaking, dry and baby feels comfortable.
pampers have been our diaper of choice. We have never had a problem with them. They fit our daughter well and hold in just about every mess she has made.
Pampers are the ONLY diaper I will use. They fit my baby perfectly at every stage & leaks are NEVER an issue!
This is my first child and I was nervous about diaper rash and irritation. I have used Pampers Swaddlers and have had no rash or redness at all. The wetness indicator is awesome for my husband who isn't a pro at being able to tell if a diaper is wet or not. He really relies on that green line!
Pampers kept my boys dryer than any other brand of diapers.
I absolutely love pampers Swaddlers. I was especially excited when they extended the sizes availble. I have loved them through 2 children & my sister has used them with my nephew. Not a better diaper out there in my opinion!
Love these diapers! Work great for us!!! So soft and cuddly!!!
I've used Pampers products since my child was born and NEVER used any other pampers brand. Love the absorbency of the pampers while she sleeps & the wipes keeps her nice and fresh. I'll continue to use until she gets potty trained! Lol
I used pampers with my first child in 2009. Now using pampers with my second in 2014 and I am beyond amazed with the new and improved pampers. I've never seen a diaper that stays so dry but is indeed very wet. The wetness indicator is a major plus. The softness of the diaper is my favorite part, you'll never have to worry about your little one being uncomfortable as long as their in pampers that's for sure!
I prefer Pamper's swaddler over Huggies diapers. However, I like Huggies diapers fit over the Pamper's swaddler diapers. I noticed the hospital used Pamper's diapers as well so I stayed with Pampers and now my husband LOVES Pamper's Swaddler diapers so I can't change brands.
I have always used Pampers products with all my children. I know that Pampers have been around for a long time and that I can trust Pampers products.
Swaddlers are all I will use on my little one because they are so absorbent and unlike other brands don't give off a terrible odor!
My favorite thing about pamper swaddlers is they absorb so well and last throughout the whole night. I haven't had any leaking problems!! The sizes seem to run a bit bigger than a few other leading name brands, which is a plus in my book. Even though they run a bit bigger they still fit just right in the right places!! Love them!
Pampers has great products. I am always happy and so is my baby when we use pampers.
You can't go wrong with these as long as you got the basics in diaper-changing down. I usually use Pampers. I tried switching over to LUVS but the leaking was immediate. Now I've returned to Pampers and am here to stay.
Great product. Like the blue line indicator. Like that the size availabilities has increased.
I tried multiple different brands of diapers on my baby and I keep coming back to Pampers Swaddlers. They fit great, absorb perfectly, and are a great value. We have had minimal leakage, which I greatly appreciate! My baby and I are very happy with Pampers Swaddlers.
I have tried so many diapers that will best keep my son dry.. And pampers swaddlers are the only ones that don't irritate my sons skin and keeps him dry all night! Thank you pampers!
The wetness indicator takes all the guess work out of changing diapers! The back will turn blue sometimes for poopy diapers as well! Must have for new moms!
Great fit, no crazy smell, keeps baby dry. Rarely leaks. Tried others, will stick with pampers swaddlers. Very few diaper rashes.
I enjoy using all types of pampers but my favorite are the swaddlers. I like the fact that you can tell right away if your child soiled his diaper by looking at the wet strip.
I love pampers. I've tried Huggins and pampers are so much better
I have used pampers and only pampers for both my kids. Great quality and never have any issues. No leaks. Perfect fit. Love Pampers!
Love PAMPERS. It is the only brand I use. For my baby shower I asked to begiven nothing but PAMPERS, not 'regular' gifts.
We just love pampers because they are the best of the best.
I am a new mother of a set of twin boys. You can imagine the amount of diapers used every day. I had not tried you pampers swadllers but now after trying then out let me tell you, I will not be using anything other than these. I love them they are amazing!
These diapers work so well! I tried a few other kinds and they would pool up when wet and make a mess! These also stay dry all night!
Being a mom of twins we use A LOT of diapers!! We were introduced to pampers while at the hospital and were very pleased therefore we continued to use them from that point on. We did try a few others brands which resulted in clothing changes for the boys due to leaks. :-/ pampers swaddlers have been wonderful for us!! This mom especially lives the wetness indicator!! :-) great diapers!
good comfort, keeps clean and dry. good value for the product
These diapers work very well for little ones. They absorb a lot, keeping baby dry and comfy.
I've been using pampers swaddlers in my practice for years and am constantly amazed by their greatness! When beginning jobs with new clients it never takes long to convert them to swaddlers, the difference is remarkable and so easy to see they stand well apart from all the others!
I really enjoyed the fit and absorbency on these diapers when my son was small
I LOVE these diapers! I have used Swaddlers since we brought my munchkin home from the hospital (he's now 6 months). We tried a few other brands in between but have stuck mostly with Swaddlers since they are super absorbent and also have the wetness indicator. Even when someone...drops a stinkie =)...they still hang in there, including through the night. They're available anywhere we shop, and have so far been the most reliable for the price.
I have been a big pampers fan before my daughter was born from doing my own research. Over the past 2 years we have grown and loved Pampers. There is no other product i value using on my daughter that stays together in good quality and never ever gave my daughter's sensitive skin a rash. I am expecting baby number 2 and I am rebuilding my pampers stockpile for my little boy:)
Pampers Swaddlers are the best diapers! They fit great, absorb better than any others, don't irritate baby's skin. The wetness indicator is great. Wouldn't buy any other diapers.
These cost more but you can tell the difference. We loved them for when our lil boys were very small so they wouldn't wake up wet as frequently!
We love Swaddlers! While Pampers is more expensive than other brands of diapers, the quality justifies the price. Swaddlers were very absorbent and we love the wetness indicator! By the time our son started moving himself around, though, we moved on to Cruisers because they had a better fit around his waist.
We like using pampers! Have been using them from the start for my little girl. Would tell everyone to buy them.
The Pampers Swaddlers are great diapers. We were give two other different brands and our baby just leaked out of them every time. I change diapers very regularly and those other diapers could not hold up like Pampers Swaddlers. The stripe indicator is great for those "newbie" parents. You don't want to leave your babies in the same diaper for a long time, but on those days you get real busy and can't change as often, these diapers will hold up. Definitely worth the value, very good quality.
I love using them because not only to know when it was time to change with the indicator. My daughter did not leak through at all even as she got older and in bigger sizes. I hope to use again with my son.
Probably the best ones we've used. Never had any issues with them and they are best for our son's sensitive skin.
Really like the fit of the Pampers Swaddlers. Keeps my baby dry and feels good on her skin.
Used them until my boys grew out of diapers. Loved them!
The diaper seemed to curve to our babies body reducing the chance of wetting through the diaper. The color indicator was great so that it was easier to see when diaper should be changed.
I've tried many products and none of them compare to Pampers. I love Pampers diapers because they don't break apart when they get too wet and they fit my son perfectly.
I love these diapers, especially for my son's sensitive bottom. The netting inside keeps moisture away from the skin. Although they aren't as absorbant as the Pampers Baby Dry, they are gentle, and have a moisture indicator, which is great for my husband.
Love it & pampers I prefer of all... My oldest daughter was on that now with my 5 month old defenitly better then huggies
Swaddlers are the best diapers I've tried and I've tried almost every kind that come in a size1. They fit the best, absorb the best, feel the best and have an indicator to let you know when they're dirty! I think they're Great!
Pamper diapers are great! They are the only brand we will use on our daughter! The fancy line that changes to blue when wet is amazing. The fit of the diaper and it's durability is also fantastic.
I am a new mother and tried all kinds of brands of diapers. I like pampers the best. The value, sizing, and dryness work well for my baby and me
My twins were born a few weeks early so their skin was a little sensitive. I'm happy to say the Pampers are the only diapers that don't break out their skin in a rash. They also provide great protection and fit really well.
I have never had a bad experience with Pampers! I have tried other brands, but nothing compares to them! Great quality and so soft!
We have used Swaddlers Sensitive from the first day our daughter came into the world up to now, 10 months later. When we registered, we weren't sure if the baby would have a reaction to diapers so we opted for Sensitive Swaddlers. Well we have never left! The cotton is so soft and I swear she could swim in them, they hold so much liquid! They have prevented leaks of all "different" kinds as she grew from breastmilk to formula to solids. We recommend these to all new moms!
I have 6 children and the only diapers I use for them are Pampers.
We always buy swaddlers diapers. They have a great fit and we have never had them leak on our son.!
my daughter came home after 3 weeks in the NICU and being 7 weeks early... Having all of the sizes to choose from was a huge help and the softness of these diapers can't be beat!
Very happy with Pampers. Never had any problem with the Swaddles product. For our family, it is worth the price to use Pampers.
Overall the diaper is good, however there is no elasticity in the backside and many blowouts come up and out- ruining outfits.
I love these diapers no leaks they fit great and they seem comfortable on my son
I love pampers swaddlers my baby is 2months and they perfect I like when my baby pees the yellow line turns blue letting me know its time for a change. I will keep on buying these pampers till hes grown out of them!!
I have two girls and love using pampers diapers for them. I don't use any other brand. I always recommend pampers to my friends and family.
I am happy with overall product, my baby boy is happy too.
Pampers keep my LO dry and happy all night long. They're definitely worth the money.
Pampers are the only brand for us. A quality product that never disappoints.
Love the pampers swaddlers. They are expensive though.
I loved this diaper while my son was smaller but since he is in a size 5 and a very heavy wetter we moved on to the babydry which i also love. possibly going to try cruisers now that my son is getting so active.
We tried to use less expensive diapers, but our child kept wetting himself or the bed. We chose to invest in Pampers, because they work well all the time. We have not gone back to other diapers since!!
Pampers are always dependable. They are easy to use and fit my daughter well. We never have to worry about leaks and don't see rashes. It's a great brand that I recommend to everyone.
The best feature for pampers swaddlers is the color changing wetness indicator
Love love love pampers! Only diapers I buy! Perfect fit!
Our baby stayed in the NICU for a few days, and the hospital used Pampers. My husband and I did a diaper raffle at our baby shower, so we got many different brands. In the end we just kept coming back to Pampers. We are offically a Pampers household.
I love how soft they are. We use them overnight and so far no leaks.
I had a baby boy in December and Pampers were the only diapers we would use. All the others leaked. The last thing you want when you're feeding every 2 hours around the clock is to deal with leaky diapers!
I used huggies before and someone bought me these for my shower! Love love these!
I am a mother of 6.75 months baby
She is my first one.... Her hospital had pampers swaddlers
I luved it .... But when i came home my duaghter received many gifts and one was diapers if another company
She had rashes and it leaked too. I even had i problem in putting them on her
I had to shift back to swaddlers
We love pampers especially the Sesame Street characters my daughter loves Elmo which makes her diaper changes fun
Love the baby dry diapers! They are perfect for overnight and are super absorbent!
I love how good they fit and unlike huggies which gives my daughter a rash, it keeps her bottom dry.
I love pampers products. I am a new mom and they are by far the best diapers that I have used!!
These diapers are the best. The abosrbancy is great especially for my little one that pees a lot and moves around constantly.
Been using pampers for 6 years, with 3 kids wouldn't use anything else! They have the right fit for my kids and I have never really had a pampers brand diaper explode on me like others.
We love these diapers till the kids move more and the we switch to cruisers but the new ones are good even for movers
I have you used swaddlers with both my boys and no diaper compares. They have never leaked or left gel balls. They indicate when the baby is wet and have never irritated either of my boys sensitive skin. Worth the extra $$
We love Pampers Swaddlers! We really like the yellow line that changes to blue when wet, and the two layers by the leg openings to catch as much as possible during a blow out.
Great product! I love the fit and it's absorbency.
The swaddlers diaper by pampers is by far the best diaper I've used. I love the wetness indicator even though I change my daughter before each feeding. It's very absorbent and moves with her fairly well. I would recommend this to any one who asks!!!
I use pampers for my new 2 month boy and love them I also used them with my first daughter that now is 2 yr old. Definitely will continue use pampers & recommend them to other parents.
Very soft. Easy to tell if wet. Never leak ever and even my husband says they are great!
I love how soft these diapers are for my little one.
Our angel was born March 25th 2014 && to our suprise she was incredibly small!! Only weighing 5 1/2 lbs upon birth! We had stocked up on diapers and of course millions of newborns, but this was the only brand we found that fit our little bundle of joy!!!
Tried a few other brands and none compared to Pampers brand.
Great diaper! My son is 6 months and it keeps him dry through the night! I like the wet indicator when he was newborn as well!
These are great absorbency and quality a plus they are awesome
I heard great things about this brand of diapers and we easily became dependable of this diaper. Even after using a diaper a friend gave us from a different brand, we just knew we can count on this diaper the best. We used it for this baby and we will certainly use it for the next!
These come in preemie which most stores do not carry much of any preemie products but you can always find pampers swaddles in any store. These have worked well for us and keep everything in truly do swaddle your baby. Super soft too. I am a new first time mom and I will forever be a pampers mom!
Pampers diapers are by far the softest ones available. They provide comfort and breathability. They fit well and hold everything in. I found the wetness indicator to be very useful. Great product.
These are excellent diapers! The only brand I have found that my baby boy doesn't leak through! I love them!
Pampers is a great brand of diapers for children my family has been buying diapers for years with no problems or rashes.

Thanks for providing such a good product!!!!
Pampers swaddlers are the best so far! I have tried several different brands and they all leak or do not fit right... I have recommended swaddlers to all of my friends who have babies or toddlers.
Pampers are the best value for the quality. They are also adorable! I love the Sesame Street characters.
With a better fit around my kids waist and legs we go thru so many less outfits. And since they aren't exploding out of the diapers there are less ruined outfits, which was getting frustrating and expensive with other brands. My husband now requests swaddlers so there's less mess when he's got the kids. And the kids and dad are happier because he recognizes a dirty diaper and changes them quicker with the wetness indicator.
after having many bad events with huggies, pampers have become a true angel to us! no more leakages and holds overnight. will not buy anything else.
My husband and I love pampers swaddlers and have been using them since our baby was a newborn, she is now using a size 3. Pampers swaddlers is extremely soft and never leaks. I love the blue line feature, especially for my husband!
love it, great quality, little more expensive than other brands but worth it
While I was pregnant I was all about Huggies diapers, because those are what we used for my niece. Then when my son was born I used Pampers Swaddlers in the hospital. When we got home I switched to Huggies for the first few weeks and realized that they weren't absorbing nearly as much as pampers and his outfits were getting ruined. So I bought a package of Pampers Swaddlers just to see if they would make a difference, and they sure did!!! I never looked back. I love Pampers products!
I love the pampers swaddlers they are the best diapers !
These diapers are such a great value. The fit is wonderful, so it cuts down on accidents and additional laundry. They keep their skin dry, so it avoids rashes.
Pampers swaddlers are A+! I wont use anything else, in fact Ive given away other brands bc I just dont feel the quality is the same.
These were our first diapers. After, trying another brand, we immediately came back to these for the superior fit and comfort for baby. Absolutely best diaper for newborn to six months!
I've been using Pampers Swaddlers since the beginning, starting with size Newborn. When I got up to size 2 I decided to go ahead and use all of the size 2 diapers that I had laying in the drawer from a huge diaper cake that was made for my baby shower. I couldn't wait til those diapers were finished! They were not Swaddlers and my husband and I both hated the way they fit our little one. Since diapers are not cheap we kept using them anyways, but boy was I glad when they were finished so I could go back to putting the Swaddlers on her!
Soft, comfortable & absorbent. Works great for the sensitive skin baby or toddler. Wetness indicator is a nice perk. I like that these diapers are white on the back & pictures on the front only.
Best fitting diapers for size 1--no leaks what so ever!
These and the Pampers Swaddlers Sensitive are the best diapers ever. No leaks!
I was using Huggies diapers when my child was first born. We switched to pampers when she was less than a week old and will never use anything else. She wears a pampers diaper all night long and the absorbency is SO great it never requires waking her to change her.
I just love the pampers swaddles. My older kids like to help out and it makes it so simple for them with the wetness indicator. I think all diapers should have it. And the keep my baby dry never have a issue of leaks.
Pampers is always my first choice. i always will recommend it to anyone, always is new and improved.
Other diapers I have tried do not fit well, leak, and just not the level of quality of the Pampers Swaddlers. These are the only type of diaper that I use.
We love these diapers best of all of the ones pampers make. I line indicator is the bonus to these diapers.
I have my first child and I decided to use Pampers diapers and I am really happy with it.
Pampers never fail! These diaper keep my baby dry! They are durable and move with my active son!
I have been using pampers for both of my kids.. And I think these are the best. I like the matter that they are thin and high absorbent. I would definitely recommend this to all Moms.
I love pampers swaddler for both of my kids. I but nothing but pampers for them and i'm so happy that the swaddlers are available in bigger sizes now!
Pampers diapers are great I just wish they had had the snug fit in the back for swaddlers.
Swaddlers are my very favorite diapers to use because they are so soft and absorbent! Used them for my son when he was born four years ago, and am loving using them for my newborn baby girl!
We started out using pampers swaddlers, and we absolutely loved them. We never had any issues with wetness or leaking. The yellow line that turns blue as the baby wets, is wonderful. I would recommend this product to any future new mom!
Excellent product. Will only use Pampers on my baby
I have used Huggies, Luvs and Pampers and Pampers are by far the best. The Pampers have never leaked unlike the other two brands. I especially like the Swaddlers because of the blue wetness indicator. The only thing I wish was better that as my son is changing sizes it seems the smaller size is too small and the next size too big but that is nothing major and I'd rather deal with that than constant leaking.
I like pampers swaddlers because of the wetness indicator and because it doesn't "leak" the absorbent material. Basically, I ran out of Pampers diapers and had to use the another brand of diapers that was given as a baby shower gift. On a couple of instances, I found some tiny clear material on my son's skin when I changed him. I don't know how safe it is for that type of material to be leaking but I know I don't want it on my son's skin. With Pampers, in the 6+ months that I was using it, I have not once experienced any "absorbent material leaks."
These diapers are what I use for my patients in the NICU. There was no question in my mind that we would use the same brand in our home with our own children.
Since my son was born, I have used Pampers Swaddles. He will be turning 11 months and I am very happy that I can still use size 4 on him!
fits perfect quality good very good performance very soft very resistant great value overnight absorption good
I loved these diapers for my daughter, especially as a newborn & an infant. My husband got spoiled by having the wetness indicator & would complain if anyone bought us another brand of diapers. They are so soft & definitely a favorite in our home!
I loved the Swaddler diapers on my baby. The wetness indicator was a Godsend for other family members that aren't familiar with diaper changing. I've used the size NB to size 3 and switched to the Little Cruisers after my baby started crawling. They fit perfectly too. I can't say enough good things!
Great diaper, love the fit and the feel of it. Keeps my baby dry.
Great diaper, love the fit and the feel of it. Keeps my baby dry.
My little girl is breast fed so she often has messy diapers that are full from front to back. These (when I put them on correctly) hold it all in!
Her sensitive little bottom doesn't turn red from sleeping in a wet diaper after a hour or so because they whisk the moister away as promised by the packaging!!

Love them!!!!!!!!
With my first child ten years ago all he could wear was Huggies, because he had sensitive skin. I had another son in January, and things have really changed in ten years. We received Pampers in the hospital, and I really liked them. Since then we have tried them all. Huggies absorbs good, but my son always smells like urine. White Cloud diapers turn his urine into some kind of hard gel. I like Luvs, but they do the same thing as White Cloud diapers do with his urine. Pamper brand absorbs his urine, and it doesn't turn into hard gel when you go to take them off. After he pees once he doesn't smell like urine. There is a huge difference. The price compared to Huggies in my area is about the same. I just bought a new box of Pampers Swaddlers yesterday.
My daughter is allergic to any other diaper so pampers is the only one we use. Love them!
I love pampers, and now that the swaddlers come in sizes up through 5, I'm thrilled! They fit my 16-month old well around the waist and have cute sesame street characters to entice her! They also last GREAT throughout the entire night, without making her soaked! For instance, other brands will seep through the outside of the lining and her legs and bedsheets will become wet, however, with Pampers Swaddlers, this never happens! It's as if the diaper has 5 layers, because it soaks up so well without leaking.
I love this product & would recommend it to anyone!
Love the umbilical cord notch and the color changing indicator!
Pampers Swaddlers are the best diapers for newborns.
I love Pampers Swaddlers diapers. Great absorbency and the wetness indicator is great for a new mom that is unsure of how to tell the difference between a wet(not full) and dry diaper.
These diapers are great! We tried a lot of different diapers that we recovered from our baby shower for our newborn. Pampers Swaddlers worked best for us with the blue wet line indicator and the cute designs, and comfy fit.
I have tired a few different diapers brands and My husband and I love pampers!!! They fit my son very well
Absolutely in love with these diapers. So glad I found them since all the other brands I've tried gave my beautiful daughter a diaper rash.
At my baby shower I was given many different types of diapers. Pampers Swaddlers were by far the softest diapers, which is exactly what you want your newborn wearing.
Love the newborn swaddlers for my little one. She was only 6 lbs and the newborn size was great especially because it has the cutout for the umbilical cord. We have had no leaks and the pampers are so soft that they don't irritate her sensitive skin. The best part is the blue indicator when she is wet.
Excellent diapers! We never encountered wet crib linens using these diapers!!!
I have always used pampers. My girls are almost two. I love pampers and I have had no trouble with leaks. The quality is great.
Pampers Baby Dry are the only diapers I buy. I don't use them just at night but during the day as well. I feel secure leaks won't occur when using Baby Dry.
Pampers diapers are my favorite. They're good quality and do the job right. These are kind of fancy because of their color-changing wetness indicator. There is a colored-swatch on the front of the diaper that will change color if your baby has gone potty. That way if you're unsure, you can simply look instead of having to peek in their diaper or take it off.
10 years after using Swaddlers on my first child, I am using them on my new baby. These diapers are soft for my baby's comfort and absorbent enough that I don't have to change diapers or bed linens in the middle of night. The biggest difference between now and 10 years ago is the wetness indicator - which I LOVE. My husband and the big kids don't have to know Mommy's secret ways to tell if a diapers wet - they just say, "I see blue"!
My son enjoys swaddlers so much that he has to laugh when thats the onky thing hes wearing
I love the swaddler they're so soft for my new born love them
Swaddlers are by far the best diaper on the market. And the wetness indicator is just an extra special bonus. I recommend these to everyone!
I used Pampers Swaddlers on my first born and am already stocked up and ready for the arrival of my second child. I loved Pampers from the get go. I tried others but Pampers is the best and works for my family.
Swaddlers work great on my little guy! We have tried other brands but none work as well as swaddlers.
I have a squirmy little guy. He wiggles all night but he never wakes up wet when he wears there diapers.
Love the wetness indicator! Rarely ever leak and seem to be comfortable for little one.
Just love them! I only buy these because they are better then other diapers I've tried
I really like these diapers!! They seem to work well with my son. I feel like the absorbency at night needs a little more.
Diapers are amazing! I love the absorbency they are unlike any competitors diapers.
first time mommy and tried almost every kind of diaper and these were the best. would buy again!
I had many different types of diapers, being a first time mom I didn't know what would work best. Pampers swaddlers fit my little guy better than all the rest. I liked the fit, the absorbency and feel if them. The only issue I had was finding them in newborn size at the stores, it seemed to be hit or miss.
The fit is excellent even when my baby is super fussy and all over the place crawling he seems comfortable and keep him dry even when it surpasses the time I shouldve changed him, the best diapers ever and the only diapers ill ever use on my baby
EXCELLENT overall diaper!! Fit, dryness is fantastic. It does seem to leak overnight when he is wet the most.
These are more wider and softer than the baby dry diapers. My son sleeps best in them and the keep him dry and comfortable during the laughs and giggles of daily play. I personally love the strip line and how i can buy 222 of them for a whole sale price. Thanks Pampers!
When my little guy was new and tiny these were the best! I like them much more than other brands for the newborn stage!
Swaddlers have been great for our little lady. They fit nicely and keep her dry and happy, which is what is most important these days!
I changed my son 5 times (diaper and onesie) when he wore a huggie brand diaper! Pampers he never leaks out of regardless how full the diaper is! Recommend pampers to my pregnant friends and am exchanging all the diapers we got from our showers to pampers!
These products I love to use. My son sleeps through the night with swaddlers.
Love the fact that the line indicates when the diaper is wet that way I do not have to pinch it to see if it is wet.
We love swaddlers in the Michael household! They are absorbent and fit to my baby's chunky thighs! Grandpa likes that the color changing strip shows him when it's time for a change!
The hospital used pampers swaddlers when my son was born! When I got home I tried other diapers but none kept him as dry as pampers swaddlers! The pampers baby dry do not seem to keep my son as dry! But love the pampers swaddlers! They are the best!
I loved using Pampers Swaddlers on my baby girl from birth until 5 months. We had to move to Pampers Cruisers once she reached 5 months because she was becoming more mobile and would leak through the Swaddlers. One feature I love about the Swaddlers is the wet/dry line. Very easy to see when the diaper needed changing.
I love the color changig wetness its amazing it help me alot with my first baby because i wasent always sure if it was time to change it or not jijiji...
These are the best! I like most pampers but these are the best ones. They are so much softer than other diapers.
With my second child I tried a few different types of diapers but most brands either did not fit him right or gave him diaper rash. With his sensitive skin I wanted to use a diaper I trusted. So I knew pampers was the right brand, I just had to figure out which type of diaper fit best. When my first child was an infant they did not have pampers swaddlers so I was excited to try them with my second child. They really were the best choice! They did not give my son a rash and he very rarely had an incident very he leaked out of his diaper. I would definitely recommend pampers to anyone. They are a little more expensive but they are worth it!
The Pampers diapers are the ONLY kind I will use for my 2 month old son. I started using them the day he was born but at about a month old I tried using a cheaper brand to save a little money but quickly realized how uncomfortable he was. He also got red lines around his waist which the pampers have never given him. I will gladly pay more for what the outcome is= healthy, happy baby! I will never change brands ever again. I am a Pampers for life mommy!
I absolutely love these diapers! So absorbant, and I just love the yellow line wet indicators, when a family member wishes to help with a diaper change and they have no experience, and don't know how to tell by just feeling lo diaper they can see, and know!
I'm one happy customer
I use the swaddlers as our all night diaper and they are on 10-12 hours and I very rarely have any leakage problems. LOVE THEM!!!!
they are great and are my number one choice for sure!
Pampers are the best at preventing leaks and have a great fit. I've tried several diaper brands and you get your money's worth with pampers.
After working in a labor and delivery unit, this is what we use. I will continue to use it for my newborn.
The Pampers swaddlers diapers are the diapers we have chose to use for our son since day one. The sizes have always fit well using the weight suggested for each size so there was no guessing needed. We have had very few problems with leaking even after baby seeping through the night. Overall they are a great diaper and we'll be using them for all our babies!
Was given a few other diaper brands and the only one i will use is pampers, they fit my baby right and keep him dry
As a new mom I received lots of brands of diapers at my showers and so far the swaddled a are my favorites. I like how my baby's skin is usually dry to the touch.
This is a great pamper. With a newborn I don't always have time to change her diaper right away and the absorbency of the pamper allows my baby to stay dryer longer.
I love Pampers brand diapers and especially the Swaddlers. I have trusted this product for over 7 years with my children. The quality is superb and well worth the money spent! I also like the blue wetness indicator.
pampers diaper are awesome to my baby he never cry at night even there are times that i cant change his diaper he still dry and comfortable!!
We primarily use nothing but the swaddlers and they do not leak, even through our (new) sleeping nights!
Pampers Swaddlers diapers are by far the best. Both of my children have used them from birth. So excited to see they are now in a size 5!
I love these diapers! My daycare provider commented on how well the mesh keeps the baby dry.
I have tried two other brands before pampers, and I have to say pampers brand is the best! With pamper diapers, my sons has never peed outside his diaper it keeps him dry, not like other brands were he would wake up wet sometimes. Which my son was not a happy camper when it came to having to change his whole outfit. I just love that they feel that he's protected from every angle. We won't have any accidents. I was recommended pampers, which I'm happy to also do the same and recommend pampers to everyone.
My son is 3.5 months old and I have been using Swaddlers from day 1. The fit is great and they are a reliable diaper. We've been through the Newborn size and now are currently in 1's and have been so happy.
I work in the child care field and have seen the various types of diapers and I knew from the moment I found out I was pregnant that I wanted to use Swaddlers for my little one. The others just don't seem to compare!
these diapers are a god send. The wet indicator strip is a great feature as my baby does not fuss when her diaper is wet or dirty.
We have gone through lots of diapers with the birth of our twin boys. We were gifted mostly Pampers per our registry but we did get a few other brands. Boy can I tell the difference!! Pampers are #1 in my book.
They never leak and baby is always dry. Pampers are definitely the best.
I have been using Pampers Swaddlers since my son was born. The hospital gave me unlimited with our stay and a free pack to take home. My son is now 14 months and I've experimented with other diapers.... nothing compares! I make sure I never run out. The prices are great especially with coupons. Really no complaints!! Go Pampers Swaddlers!!
I love these pampers they keep my new blrn comfortable and dry. I love that they do not leak. They are soft and flexible.
Great fit and dependable!! My daughter was early and weighed only 4.1lbs and these diapers were the BEST!! And still are!! She's 7lbs at 7wks now<3
VERY HAPPY I CAN USED THEN IN MY TODDLER SIZE 5, BEEN MY FAVORITES ONE SINCE MY KIDS WERE BORN
I absolutely love pampers swaddlers. The fit is amazing especially on those tiny newborn bodies. The tiny sizes(I think up to size 2) curve to fit under the umbilical stump. The wetness indicator line is also an excellent feature especially appreciated in the first couple of months of baby's life.
Personally I can attest to the quality of these diapers. At two months I switched to a different brand ( hoping to save some money by buying cheaper diapers) and not long after that my son developed a horrible diaper rash. I tried so many creams/natural remedies/ but nothing helped to alleviate the rash. It took a while until I realized it was the diaper itself that was causing the irritation! As soon as we switched back to pampers his rash miraculously cleared up!
Thank you Pampers for your wonderful product!
I use the baby dry diapers for night time. Vary rarely do we have leaks. I like using this diaper over the swaddles because of its absorbancy.
Swaddlers are the best diapers I've tried. We used them for baby girl for the first 6 months of her life then started rotating in Target diapers. But we have since switched back to Swaddlers because they are better for baby's skin. The difference is astounding. The Swaddlers wick away moisture and keep baby clean and dry. Thank you, Pampers!
I am a first time mom and would never use any other brand!
I tried every diaper brand out there for my twins, and by far nothing matches Pampers Swaddlers! The fit and shape are great unlike many weird fitting brands. I had leaks with all the other brands but not with Swaddlers! They are truly the best!
I am a first time mother and I love pampers swaddlers. I received it as a gift and I continued to purchase this product. I haven't tried any other products because pampers swaddlers was the perfect diapers for my baby.
Very good product! Used it for my two kids successfully. Best feature is the indicator line.
I love the swaddlers diapers! They are the softest ones on the market - they seem more like padded underwear. I really think my son is more comfortable in them. The wetness indicator is really useful, especially if he goes just a small amount -- I still want to change him, especially if it's just before bedtime. They are a little more expensive, but I think well worth it.
I was happy to see that they started making them in sizes 4 & 5 -- just in time!
The diapers fit perfectly. It's especially helpful for 1st time mom's since it has a wetness indicator. I used these up until size 3 and we have now moved on to Cruisers which are just as good!
I have used pampers with both of my children and have never had any complaints. It wasn't until my second was born that I became a truly loyal costumer. Pampers are the only diaper that keeps my little guy dry. I will never switch him from pampers.
pampers swaddlers diapers are very reliable and comfortable for your baby
These are high quality and fit really well. They aren't too snug. I love the fact that I don't have to worry about leakage.
Never had a blow out with these diapers. Used them with both my newborns. Love them
I have used pampers products for both of my children. The diapers absorb for a long period of time. We are especially fond of the sensitive wipes for our children's sensitive skin!
When my daughter was first born i used pamper swaddlers because the wetness indicator was a major plus and they never leaked onto her clothes.As she has grown to be 1 1/2 now she uses the cruisers which are also an excellent product from pampers. I would completely recommend these to a new mom!
Rarely do we have a blow out. Keeps the mess in her pants. Now that she moves more we haven't noticed an increased frequency of clothing changes due to ill fit
I wouldn't trust any other brand for my daughter. I have been using it since she was born and I've never used anything besides the swaddlers.
my son is almost 6 months old and i used pampers with my 16 yr old and they have never let me down
We've used pampers on my child from day one. They're good quality, very absorbent, and don't leak -- unless she has super-poopy diarrhea. Then we just put a towel under her to change it. I love pampers!
These pampers swaddlers are wonderful. They are one of my favorite diapers for my 7 week old. We started with them in the hospital and have loved them since!! I highly recommend them to anyone & everyone. I wish that they were more environmentally friendly though! That is very important to me and the future of my child along with the children of the world!
Great diapers these are the only ones I have found to not leak
I love pampers they are soft they fit well, & don't leak.
This is one of the few baby products for which I have brand loyalty. Big fan of the wetness indicator line, which was more of a help when he was a newborn since we're first-time parents. Soft, great fit, and the only diaper that has successfully contained my son's stool blow-outs. That said, one star off for some occasional overnight urine leaks. Another star off for being more expensive than their other diaper lines.
Pampers are my go to diaper I have used them on my daughter since she was born. I love the wetness indicator it stops me from having to change diapers that feel kinda wet but really arnt.
These diapers are the best for dryness and keeping the wet off baby's skin. Our little one can not stand a wet diaper but wears these very well.
Pampers is by far the best brand of diapers out there. They are the ones she came home from the hospital in and two years later they are the ones she is still in. :)
We only use Pampers Swaddlers for our baby girl! They are soft, smell good, and leak free. Love!
This product is excellent being a first time mom these were given to me as a gift. They worked great gave the umbilical cord room so there was no rubbing. Would recommend these diapers to every mom. The color changing indicator is wonderful it takes the guessing and sneak peeks away for good.
Being a busy mom always on the go pampers swaddlers
were great for us. I found the color changing strip useful. The soft material kept her skin comfy and dry. I also want to add that none of my children have ever had diaper rash as long as I have used pampers!!!
I love pampers swaddlers. The blue line makes it so simple to know when to change their diaper
Good fit keeps my baby dry never leaks very recommended
We have been using swaddlers since our little one was born! He is now nearly 1.5 years old and we continue using swaddlers because they are comfortable for him and keeps him dry with no leaks!
My son, like me, has very sensitive skin. So regular diapers were making his skin very red. So while shopping around for the right diapers. I came across the pampers swaddlers and they worked great but he still got the read skin, so I tried the sensitive diapers and that is all he wears now. They are amazing!
Pampers is a good quality diapers my daughter stays dry during the night.thank you
Really like how swaddle diapers fit and absorb well.
Apsolutly love these diapers! It's great how you can see the line change color when the diapers dirty. These fit my baby so perfectly also!
My twins were born prematurely and had to be in the NICU. They used the preemie sized diapers on them even when they were under 4lbs... they weren't too overly baggy and I liked how soft they were for their sensitive skin. Now that they are home we've tried several different types of diapers and this is still our favorite. They fit true to size and are great at preventing leaks. They're still the softest diapers out of all the brands we've tried too :)
We just had our first child. He was 2.5 weeks early and the NB size fits great. We had gotten a bunch of nb diapers of a different brand, and there is no comparison. The absorbancy of the pampers is great. Love these!
Have never had a problem with swaddlersn my daughter is 2 and now have a new born both using swaddlers, closest cloth feel.
We use these as our nighttime diapers. They work great without leaks
Love the fact that you can check your baby's diaper at glance. The new yellow strip will turn blue when the diaper is wet!
I love swaddlers! Have been using them on my 16 month old daughter since birth! They are my favorite!
I have been using pampers swaddlers diapers since my daughter was born, I absolutely love them. They fit her perfect, and love the way they feel, they are just all around wonderful. I would recommend them to all of my friends and family.
I have used pampers for my two older children and will use them again with our baby due very soon! Hands down the best diaper available.
We love that swaddlers have a "blue line" on them to indicate when they are wet. They hold an incredible amount and for the most part keep my baby's bottom dry. Once in a while they will become so full because they can hold so much that her bottom will be left a little damp, but in 3.5 months she has never had a rash and we have used Pampers swaddlers since day one! Just be sure when baby outgrows the weight limit that you move up in size or be prepared for leaks!
Have used this on my 4 month old since birth. Can go all night and no leaks. Would recommend!
I have tried pretty much all diapers products out there but I always end up back in the Pampers. They are just honestly the best out there. My son is active and sometimes the other brands cant withstand the messy moments. The pampers always do though!!
I absolutely LOVE the Pampers swaddlers! I recently tried the Baby Dry Pampers on my 3 month old daughter, and I must say, I definitely will be going back to the swaddlers.
i loved these with my preemies! I have bought these for ALL my kids!
Just love the color changing jndicator and the absorbency is excellent.
I love Pampers swaddlers. My son has wore them since he was born. He is going to be 7 months old in a week, and I would not use any other diaper. Pampers are durable and dependable while being comfortable for my son. Hands down best diapers!
I love this diaper and am so happy it is now available in size 5. These diapers are soft on baby's skin and super absorbent. I also like the wet diaper indicator. This is helpful, especially with newborns. Pampers brand is the only diaper brand I recommend to friends and family.
I have used pampers swaddlers since my daughter was born. She is now 13 months old and in size 4 swaddlers. I love how absorbent swaddlers are I never have to worry about her diapers leaking, even after wearing them all night. I also love how soft swaddlers are and how they fit her so well. I also love how Pampers make swaddlers in the larger sizes (4 and 5). I refuse to anything but Pampers diapers and wipes.
I have bought other diaper products on the market..but none stay dry a swaddlers!
We have been using these diapers on our son since day one! They were recommended to us by all of our friends and family that already have babies. Pampers swaddlers definitely live up to their reputation. Our son stays so dry in his diapers!
I love pampers. I've been using pampers since my daughter was 31 weeks and in the NICU. My only complaint is now that she's 14months. The diaper flares out around her belly. I even went up a size, thinking that was the problem. It didn't help. I've tried other diapers but my daughter breaks into a rash. But, but with pampers she doesn't. I would like to also note. My husband loves the blue line indicator. He likes the fact it takes the question out if she needs changing or not. I like that these diapers have prevented anyone, from asking me if she needs changing. They see the blue line and know that she does.
These diapers are the best! Having the line to tell that the diaper is wet is great.
Best diaper ever! Both of my children had a great expirience with this brand!
I loved using swaddlers for my newborn. I actually used them until she got to be in a size 3. What I liked them most was how soft they were and the wetness indicator.
Pampers Are great diapers. My kids like softness and so do i. I love the color changing indicator..
I was given pampers swaddlers from my baby shower and when my baby used them he did not leak out of them like other diapers I tried. Which was perfect for me.
My baby is 1 month old and has some pretty intense, ahem, movements. So far, we've only had 1 leak. Yay!
I love using papmer's swaddlers on my baby. The line in the front is a great way to see if your baby is wet or dry.
These diapers are the best!!! I started using Huggies on my son at first since that is what they provided at the hospital but ended up just loving pampers - both price and the quality of the product.
Tried these out for my new baby and they work amazing! We had problems with leaking and poor absorbency that caused a rash with other diapers. Decided to give Pampers a try; they don't leak, don't make his bottom raw and they fit just right. Less laundry and a happy baby makes for happy parents.
I've noticed a huge difference when using these diapers compared to Huggies. The swaddle style fit my baby's needs and keeps them dryer longer. I would definitely recommend this product.
i love pampers diapers. we used swaddlers until she became mobile then we switched to cruisers. we will use pampers with any and all children we have!
These is the only brand I buy for my baby, I recommend swaddlers!
Amazing pamper. Love that it shows you when there wet.
As a first time mom, I consulted several friends with children to determine which diapers were best at each stage. Hands down, pampers swaddled a were recommended. My husband and I have been pleased with the fit, absorbency and especially the color changing strip.
Swaddlers are by far the best diapers ever! I love them & wouldn't try any other diaper. YAY for pampers!
I've been buying Pampers for a a little over 2 years now and absolutely love the quality. They are the only diapers I will use on my babies!
These are the only diapers we use! They are fantastic, never had any issues with them and have always been happy!!
My son has been using pampers swaddlers since he was born. He was in premie diapers and the swaddlers were the only brand that truely fit him. The only thing I don't like is how the lining sticks to his butt.
Pampers is great and I would recommend it to all new moms. They fit great and now with the line you can tell if there wet. That was a good idea. It's very soft for your newborn.
I am a first time dad, mainly heard nothing but great things about Pampers. I have not been disappointed. I was given another brand at baby shower and tried them, and that was not a good decision. Keep up the good work.. Thanks..
I used Pampers with my first two kids, and now I'm using them again. I tried another brand, but did not get the reliability I'm used to with Pampers. I will stick with Pampers!
I was given a lot of different brands of diapers as gifts for my baby shower, and pampers are by far my favorite. They hold a lot, and the only time they leak is when they are so full they can't hold anymore--and don't get me wrong, they can hold a lot! I would definitely recommend Pampers Swaddlers to anyone who wants a diaper that fits well and is extremely absorbent
These are the best diapers ever. I love how my baby feels comfortable in them, he stays dry wnd they let me know when hes wet. Very convenient.
Swaddlers are great for all babies and have coverage necessary
I love the swaddlers I really like the wetness indicator so I'm not wasting diapers. Wish they were a little cheaper but I love them!
Super diapers, keeps moisture off of skin!!! Love these! The fit is superior, no leaks, and love the blue indicator strip that lets you know if wet. Awesome diapers & recommend above all others!
When my son was only a month old, he would sleep for surprisingly long intervals. Lucky me, right? Except one problem... his diapers always leaked out! I tried setting an alarm and waking him for a diaper change in the middle of the night, but hated waking him up when he was sleeping so soundly.
I tried generic brand diapers, huggies diapers, the pampers baby dry, everything, the only diaper that could go all night without leaking were the Pampers Swaddlers. One year later and I'm still using them. Bigger size now though, of course :P
We had tried other diapers on our baby, however, the pampers swaddlers were the best fit with less leaks. The diaper absorbs a lot of liquid and keeps my baby's skin dry.
I have found Pampers Swaddlers to be the best diaper we have used. I've tried many other brands and with recommendations from other parents, but none have performed the way swaddlers have. They hold a lot, keep your baby dry, not too expensive, and I have never had a blow out, as many other diapers we tried resulted in that unfortunate mess. Overall, the best thing out there - no wonder they are the #1 diaper in hospitals around the country.
We have a 4 month old baby(our first) so we were given a lot of diapers prior to his arrival. We tried all of them at one point or another to compare leak protection, fit, etc. and NONE of them protected the way Pampers did. Our little guy has had a couple of blowouts that went right to the edge of the Pampers but did not leak! They are a little more expensive than other brands but worth it. What I spend in diapers I save in laundry detergent!
Pampers are the only kind of diapers I buy because I love their flexibility, quality, and absorbency.
I love these diapers as much as someone could love diapers. They fit well keeping all deposits contained, and the wetmess indicator is super helpful for deleriously exhausted parents during late night/early morning diaper changes.
Swaddlers are so soft against baby's delicate skin. They pull moisture away from baby and are super absorbent.
These diapers are great! I have only used pampers since my daughter was born. They fit perfectly and are super absorbant!!!
We only use Pampers in my house, and I consider the cost to be well worth it. My sons rarely if ever leaked when wearing Pampers diapers. When they did, it was usually because they needed to transition to a larger size or because I had gone too long without changing their diapers. The diapers are soft and have fun colorful designs. My son loves telling me which Sesame Street character is on his diaper everyday. Love Pampers!
i was thrilled when pampers added the swaddlers in larger sizes. They have always worked wonderfully when my son was a newborn, and did not disappoint now that he is a toddler. They keep him dry and do not leak. We have never had a leak using these, even through the night.
Swaddlers was all we used on baby girl for the first 5 months. These diapers are without a doubt the BEST.
When I first tried papers swaddlers diapers I loved that they had to indicator strip. That is my favorite thing about them. Especially the newborn size diapers. Being a new mom it was very helpful to have the extra watchful eye.
Keeps my baby dry longer then other brands!!! No leaks or oopsies !!!!
While we are now out of swaddles, these were the only diapers that my now 3 year old could wear as an infant. The fit was superb and they were super absorbent. My son was very sensitive to most diapers, but pampers has always been gentle enough for him.
I bought swaddlers, because I needed newborn diapers and they just seemed right. They are an excellent diaper, they hold in everything even when my husband (whose brand new to diapers in general) changes both kids and doesn't put it on correctly. Excellent product!
You don't have to worry about accident to often with pampers and I lover it
Love Pampers Swaddlers. They have never disappointed me and have always been a great fit for my son. Great quality and absorbency.
I love pampers Swaddlers since the hospital introduce me with it, I love them specially the yellow line that turns blue when the baby is dirty already, now that my girl is bigger I used the Cruicers love them too although sometimes I still switch to Swaddlers now that they have biggers size. Great quality never had a problem.
I have tried other less expensive diapers and they just do not compare. You absolutely get what you pay for. My surviving twin son is well worth the money to get the best diapers that will keep him dry all night and that are soft and gentle on his skin.
We had a baby girl and these diapers where great at keeping her dry and holding a lot. When i tried the store brand or off brand, we had leakage and wetness that caused irritation.
These are great diapers. They are soft and comfortable for the baby to wear.
Being a mother of twins I look for overall value and what is the best fit and option for my babies. By far, the Swaddlers diapers line fit the best and have the best absorbency while keeping my baby & their clothes dry - all the time.
Pampers brand was the best brand we ever used. The diapers absorb well and fit just right in all the right places. We will never use another diaper brand.
When I delivered my daughter earlier this year, one of my main concerns was how her skin would react to things like wipes, lotions, detergents and of course pampers. The hospital first put her in Pampers and I was so pleased to find out that this brand didn't bother her. Not only did it give me a peace of mind in the hospital but ever since we've brought her home, all I use are Pampers. They're made with durable material and have a great absorbency! I know other moms who use different diapers and the material that they are made out of is awful. Plus, they constantly complain about their baby's leaky diapers. Using Pampers I have yet to have this problem. I recommend them to any mom!
We only buy Pampers products, the Swaddlers, wipes, etc. We love them so much, and I doubt we'll ever switch brands!
I have used almost every diaper there is and recently I found my daughter was allergic to a certain store brand that was improved so I bought swaddlers to help calm the rash and to my surprise they lasted all night with no leaks!!! I was shocked. My daughter had been soaked every morning I had been spending so much money on laundry soap and the laundry was taxing on me. Thank you so much pampers for making swaddlers in biggrr sizes :)
We began using Swaddlers when our son was first born and continue to use them through the toddler stage. Swaddlers really help keep our son dry, and without any leaks, during playtime and naptime. The wetness indicator is so helpful in detemining when a change is needed. We will continue to use Swaddlers until he is ready for training pants.
With my first child, I had no idea which brand of diapers to buy. Not to mention there were different types of the same brand...it was overwhelming! We tried most of the brands out there and then quickly settled on Pampers Swaddlers. They were the best fit, softest, most moveable diaper. We welcomed our first child almost 8 years ago and our 3rd child 8 months ago. Pampers swaddlers was our favorite then and now. The only difference I see is now they have the handy little blue line that tells you when the diaper is wet which I LOVE!!!
I have tried other brands and always come back to Pampers. I've never had a problem with leaks and like how soft they are.
I have a nine year old and a two year old, both boys. Used another brand diaper one time, never going back. I love my Pampers!!
Great product and prefer Pampers over most other brands!
we got pampers diapers as a baby shower gift and love the product. our daughter seems to as well. thank you so much.
We love these diapers. These are the best fit for our lil man.
Pampers Swaddlers are great. They are super soft and we love the wetness indicator line which is an easy way to identify whether baby needs an immediate diaper change or not. We have had to size up a couple of times when baby started having blowouts, but that fixed the problem.
Love the way that Pampers fit, and the way that they feel. They are an overall EXCELLENT product and I can't think of anything that would make them better.
Amazing product. Absorbs wetness.My baby sleeps throughout the night in same diaper because it does not leak or make my baby uneasy. You use 1 in comparison to 3 diapers from other brands. Its totally worth it.
I absolutely love the swaddler diapers by Pampers. They were provided by the hospital that I delivered my child at. After that, Pampers is the brand we stuck with. I also love that they have a sensitive brand for swaddlers as well!
I use these during the day as they are soft on my son's bottom and do not break him out. I use baby dry at night
I've tried several diapers, from store-brand to Huggies. My husband and I agree that Pampers Swaddlers are, by far, the best for our baby. We have not experienced ANY leaks...ever with Pampers Swaddlers. All other diapers have leaked at one time or another through out our trial time. Some extreme messes too. Swaddlers are snug around his legs without being "tight" and the absorbent layers keep the moisture off of his skin. He's 7 months old and not one diaper rash so far! Highly recommend.
Pampers is the brand that I can count on for anything. It even lasts all night. No wet beds to change in the middle of the night!
My little guy has super sensitive skin.Pampers is the only company that offers outstanding protection against leaks in a sensitive diaper.
Pampers Swaddlers are the only diapers I have ever used on both my children. I wouldn't trust any other brand on my most precious bundles!
We have tried many different brands of diapers but always come back to these. My baby never shows signs of diaper rash! Very rarely have troublesome leaks out of these diapers. We love them!
We've been using Pampers for our little one for almost 16 months now and they are best and always keep him dry. We've tried the other guys and nothing compares!
I knew these would be great diapers being that these were what my hospital used. Love them!
I love the Pampers Swaddler diapers! As a new mom, the wetness indicator was a great help for me at the beginning when my daughter was a newborn! It really helped me know when the diaper was wet and when she needed to be changed! I also really liked the umbilical cord cut out, the cut-out made things much easier than having to fold down the diaper top!
This diaper is incredibly soft. When I use other brands the plastic strap would scrape my daughters legs and this brand does not.
they hold everything in great for newborns and all their dirty diapers it all stays in
These are great! Fits my daughter well and keeps everything inside which makes me happy!
We have been using the swaddler diapers on my son since day one and we love them! We never had a leak and they are so soft on his sensitive skin! I would recommend them to all new mommies!! They are really a wonderful product!
The Swaddlers diapers made it really easy to see when the diaper need to be changed. My daughter was really fussy in the beginning even if she was a tiny bit wet and the wet line indicator would tell me if she went even a little and needed to be changed.
These diapers rarely leak at night and aren't bulky like other brands.
In our search for the right diaper as new parents, we tried many different brands of diapers. The pampers swaddlers and the pampers cruisers have given us the best leak protection. When our little man was in any other diaper it was almost a guarantee that whenever he pooped it was coming out of somewhere no matter what. In the pampers we pretty much never had any messy problems like that, which as a parent is a very thankful thing!
Pampers diapers was probably the best presents given at my baby shower! They fit my son perfectly and I can always count on them to absorb all of his urine!
We have used nothing but Pampers for our last 2 kids and now we have a newborn. I always love the softness of the Swaddlers diapers.
These diapers are incredible. We have tried many diapers with my son such as Huggies, Luvs, Parents Choice, and Up and Up, and even Pampers Dry. These are the only diapers that do not give my son a diaper rash. He sleeps 12 hrs a night and they absorb everything! They are incredible I highly recommend them. They are the main baby shower gift I give to friends now!!
As a first time mom, pampers was recommended to me by friends. I love pampers! Keeps my son dry and comfortable. Love this product!
Ive used almost every brand out there over the course of having four kids. Pampers Swaddlers are THE best diapers out there. The fit is perfect, they hold ALOT of liquid, they stay on without problems, the never caused a rash on any of my kids.. I could go on and on. The price is reasonable compared to other high quality disposables and I just love them.
These are so much better than other brands! Hardly any blowouts with the swaddlers. I took back all the other brands for more of these.
I love the blue line! I checked and changed my babies diapers frequently but the diapers are so good that without the blue line appearing the diapers don't even look like they need to be changed.
Leg ruffles work great on petite baby thighs- Pampers Swaddlers are the only diapers that keep my twins dry and comfortable!
PAMPERS HAS NEVER LET ME DOWN!! Would highly recommend!!
Best diaper to prevent blow outs!! We love pampers products at our house
Pampers Swaddlers are our first choice but they are hardly ever in stock in stores.. :(
Love these dippers. Holds everything in its place. And I love the smell of new dippers on a baby's bottom.
Pampers Swaddlers diaper are the best ever for those tiny little brand new bottoms! We have used them for each of our three children and they are great the wetness indicator is awesome
Pampers Swaddlers have always been a favorite of mine. I've never considered using any thing other than this particular diaper for my precious babies!
Our baby was in two NICUs for the first 4 months. At both hospitals, Pampers Swaddlers were used. After trying a less expensive brand, we soon switched back to Swaddlers and continue to use them ever since. It is of no wonder why the NICU at both hospitals selected these as their diapers of choice. It's the closest disposable on the market to cotton cloth diapers, but with the ease and sanitary elements of a disposable. Our baby has been extremely comfortable in these for a couple of years now.
i love these diapers for overnights. Wish there were more coupons though
We love the swaddlers and wouldn't use any other brand.
The only product I used on all my kids. I have absolutely no complaints.
I've tried several name brand and non name brand diapers and these are the best. I do not have issues with blowouts and also my daughter hasn't gotten a diaper rash from them. Price or amount of diapers in package could be a little better but they are competitive with other name brand diapers. Wish more high value coupons would become available. Overall I love these diapers and will continue to buy them.
I absolutely love the Pampers Swaddlers and so does my 3 month old! They are soft and absorbent and I haven't had any issues with leaking. Will definitely use these and other Pampers products until she is potty trained.
*Added bonus: I can usually find them on sale and I can always use coupons when I purchase them.
Love the wet indicator strip.....very helpful for 1st time parents!!!
Jackson never has blowouts or wet clothes when wearing these diapers. We don't use anything but pampers diapers.
Love how it fits my baby girl and it doesn't leak at the side like other brands. I would definitely recommend this product.
These are the best diapers I have found! Period! Not one leak in 5 months so far! Even when my other brand leaked constantly (luvs.) I would not buy anything else for my baby girl! Yes they are a little more expensive but I would pay for that great amount of comfort pampers provides!
Great product!! Would buy again! The diapers fit very good and never have leaked
I love Pampers Swaddlers. I use them for all my newborn babies. I love how they detect wetness in the front and back. They fit well and absorb well also. They are the quintessential diaper!
These are the kind the hospital started my baby girl on. I have tried other diapers and weren't as satisfied as I am with these. So I always catch myself running back to these and we will use these until she's potty trained. I recommend these to everyone. Very well satisfied:)
me and my fiancee love pampers they used them at the hospital we came home and had a different brand so we used them and hated the difference they was nothing like pampers. we love the product
this is great diaper.i use more often. i tell my friend too.
These are the best diapers for babies. Never had a problem with leaking. I have used these on two children (2007 and 2013).
I use pampers only because of the great dryness quality and also for that wonderful powder smell. When using other diapers, your baby can get pretty smelly quickly but because of the wonderful scent in these, your baby stays baby fresh!
These are by far the softest diapers for your little one! Super absorbent, smell great, and also love the wetness indicator!
Diaper is so great n perfect fits .highly-rated .comfort n no leak .
These are the best for traveling and around the house. You never know, with a little guy, how much you will depend on a diaper doing a good job of protecting the baby and us too...from potential disasters. We have loved this product and continue to use them until we no longer need diapers.
These diapers are absolutely wonderful. They fit my baby perfectly and are comfortable for her. I never have a blow out with them (which is wonderful). I would definitely recommend these diapers!!
Best pampers i agree I would recomend this product to any mom to be
I love pampers I have used pampers for all 3 of my kids and will continue to use them.
I love the wet line and there softer then any other diaper ive used
These Pampers Swaddlers are amazing. They absorb so much. I have never had any issues with them leaking either! And the fit? That is exceptional. Especially where my little one is tiny, they fit him perfectly!
I love swaddlers and have been using them since day one in the hospital. The wetness indicator is a huge plus!
I love the way the pampers look and feel!!! They don't leave marks of being to tight and they feel like a cloth.
I love these diapers because they don't give baby a rash. They stay off babys bum and keep him smelling fresh. But they aren't good for over night. He leaks through every time unless I change him twice in the middle of the night. But they fit a lot better than other leading brands. So they get a 4 out of 5 from me.
When i gave birth to my son i was so worried about which diaper to use, in the hospital they gave me Pampers Swaddlers and they worked great! I tried other brands but nothing held up as much as the swaddlers! Once my son grows out of the swaddlers i will still continue to use Pampers!
Pampers swaddlers are by far the best diapers. I've tried every diaper on the market and nothing comes close to beating these diapers in absorbency, fit, and sensitivity. I have a baby with extremely sensitive skin and constant eczema and these diapers have never given him a rash. They're so soft on his skin and yet have the ability to hold even the heaviest of soils. The fit is unbeatable, leaving every other diaper in the dust. I would definitely recommend these diapers for all ages. I know when if my husband accidentally grabs another fit than the swaddlers, I take them back because that is how much I trust this brand!
love the color stripe that tells you when they wet
Pamper Swaddlers are great with wet strip indicator.
Baby and I love them! Always dry and never leaks ! Tried other but always went back to these !
I used Pampers products, Swaddlers in all sizes, sensitive wipes, and Easy Ups on both of my kids! I love the softness of these products. They are gentle on the skin and kept my kids dry and without diaper rashes! They are the best around!! Would highly recommend them to anyone!
These are the best fitting diapers. They are also super absorbent.
I love how Pampers diapers work. I have tried many different name brands as well as store brands. I cannot find a diaper to compare. I love the softness of the diaper as well as the amount of absorbancy it allows. I put my baby to bed knowing she'll wake up w/o having a spillage. Other brands I've tried just don't hold up over night as well. The price could be a bit better but I am not complaining. We will continue to use Pampers until our daughter is potty trained. :) Great product!
We've tried other brands and Pampers Swaddlers are still our favorite. Love the wetness indicator. They hold wetness and we haven't had any leaks yet. The only thing I would change is to add an in-between size. Our daughter has moved out of the newborn size but the size 1's are just a bit too long in the crotch for her, although this does not affect their performance. We'll continue to be a loyal Pampers customer!
Pampers Swaddlers are a great product overall. I am using them all the way up to size 4 right now and the absorbency is great, I can put the baby to bed at night and he is still dry the next morning.
Love these diapers. They are soft on the inside and the outside and super absorbent. We never have to worry about leaks. We used these diapers with our first child and are now using them with our second.
I love pamper swaddlers diapers!! They fit so good on my daughter! They stay dry during the night ! I was using huggies and I notice that they just didn't fit my daughter right she always peed or pooped out of them from the leg part because it was to big ! Now since I switched to pamper swaddlers I don't have that problem anymore! These diapers are worth the money !!!
I love Pampers swadlers. They are very absorbing and we have had no leeks lasting our little one all night! We also love the indicator line it is perfect for first time dads.
The swaddlers has the best fit for our babies. I would like to see some elasticity at the top of the diaper to get a snugger fit at the waist in all sizes 1-6.
I loved the Swaddlers for my baby! He never felt wet as the diapers kept moisture off his little body. The fit was great too! I love the Swaddlers and have even bought them into his size 5!
Pampers swaddlers are the best diapers out there. I have never had any issues with leaks since the fit is perfect. Even on my daughter who is crawling around like crazy, we haven't had any accidents.
I would recommend these to any parents who aren't sure of what diapers to purchase.
I love the pampers brand. They are consistently great. I've had problems with other brands where the tag rips off or they give my daughter a rash. The stripe indicator is great for when they are little.
Good product , this is the one the we use all the time. Keep my baby dry and don't leak like other brand
My baby is 8lb 10 oz and the size ones fit perfectly.
Pampers is all we put our son in! We love the Swaddlers and the Baby Dry. They are the best!
I love pampers swaddler diapers. i have never had a leak or problem with them.
No other diaper out of the 8 different brands I've tried, is better. Adjustable fit. Wetness alert that is clear easy to read; warms when activated so you can hold baby by the butt and feel when it's activated. Uber soft texture. Good wetness absorption. And the diapers are just the right thickness.
My husband and I have tried a lot of different name brands and types of diapers for our little girl. Recently we tried a brand that was a little bit cheaper and came with more in the package. We found out why soon after, within an hour to hour and a half our little girl and wet her car seat and her clothes. This has never happened with Pampers. We love pampers so much because they are very reliable and soft.
We love these diapers. They were recommended to us by a friend and its all we use.
When I used this product, I was amazed.The diaper held all night long.I will definitely recommend to my family and friends.
We LOVE Pampers, no other brand compares! We have tried Huggies and quickly switched back to our wonderful Pampers. My daughter is now 6 months old and has never had a diaper rash and never seems uncomfortable. Thank you Pampers!
I would definitely recommend pampers to anyone and everyone. I love them
MY 2 MONTHS DAUGTHER SHE CANT USE OTHER DIAPERS JUST ONLY PAMPERS .
I love the way these fit, and the material is good for my baby girl's sensitive skin.
The fit is great, the diapers always made my baby feel happy.
For baby's skin, and keeping things in, Pamper's is the best!
I used pampers products with my 1st child & was pleased so I decided to use them with my second. Especially when I received a pack of huggies brand as a gift. I used them because I didn't want to waste the persons money. At 1st I thought they were leaking because I had a boy & wasn't used to diapering him & because I was changing him quickly. But when I switched to pampers I had no more leaks no matter how fast I changed him or how much he moved. I love pampers diapers.
My son can wear these diapers throughout the night and not have to be waken to be changed. They are super absorbent and durable.
I definitely like pampers better than other brands...I've never had a problem with leaky diapers while using these.
These are the only diapers that I have used for my two children. Pampers are the best, and I love the yellow notification line!
Love pampers swaddlers. Love how it has the color changing indicator to let me know when my baby is in need of a fresh diaper. No leaking!!! And super soft!
I have nothing but great experiences with the swaddlers. My daughter has been using them since the NB size, back then it was the sensitive one. Now we are extremely happy that are available in size 5!!!!!
we have tried other brands but this is the only diaper that works for us. i exchanged all of my diapers from baby showers for pampers! keep up the great work
We started using swaddlers in the hospital. They are so soft and we had no leaks/rashes/other issues. My daughter is long, so we had to move to bigger sizes rather quickly so we wouldn't have leaks through the top at night while she slept on her stomach. We switched to baby dry (night) and cruisers (day), but then our prayers were answered when pampers came out with swaddlers in the bigger sizes and now we are back in those 24/7!
I love pampers! They are my number one choice and I love love love the wetness indicator!
I love these diapers. You can depend on them when ever. Thanks for making them.
The swaddlers are a lifesaver. We have never had a leak and get a great bargain for the diapers. I don't really like the wipes but I love the diapers.
I really like the wetness indicator. They really seem to keep my kids' skin dry. I don't use any other brand.
this product is great, I really like the umbilical cord notch so I don't have to worry about the diaper rubbing against it and possibly causing it to fall off too soon or become infected!
Love the fit and absorbency. Will use until he's out of diapers!
We always buy Pampers 'cause they are just the best!
We have twins so we go through plenty of diapers. We started using swaddlers and then we got to size 5. At the time swaddlers didn't come in larger sizes so we switched to the cruisers. We really missed the swaddlers cause they are much more absorbent. After long nights or just when the kids have lots of liquid theres nothing that soaks up everything quite like the swaddlers.
love the strip that turns yellow when its wet ; absorbency is great and no problems with leakage
I used Swaddlers on my son from birth to about 6 months old and they worked great! I loved how soft the were and how they were made to stay under his umbilical cord. And they never leaked.
This is the only diaper that has the best adsorbency and comfort for children. The sizing and fit is true to size and comfort for children. My son is always on the move and we have never had a leak or accident. I have always stuck with swaddlers and am so glad they go up to size 5 now!!
When I became a mom for the first time, I wasn't sure which were the best diapers. I had a variety of diapers that I purchased and were given to me as gifts for the little one. After using other brands and having leaks with 4 out of 5 diapers, the other brand sits on the shelf unused and my loyalty lies with Pampers. I especially love the Swaddlers for newborn babies. They are extra soft and when babies are that new, you only want the softest things to touch their precious skin.
I have always used Pampers products since welcoming my son 2 years ago. At first, we tried other name brands as well as store brands, but nothing compares to the overall quality and product of Pampers. We are expecting our second child and I can assure you we will be using Pampers products with out a doubt!!
Product last for hours and absorbant. Fits baby perfectly. I would recommend this product to New Moms.
i have only used pampers since my baby was born. i have tried a couple different brands through samples or friends, but i found i always went back to pampers. i also like the pampers rewards and buy to collect points as well! the fit is great. it keeps my baby clean and protected. i never have to worry about accidents! i dont think i noticed a huge difference (except in price?) with the new and improved. will always be a pampers fan. thanks pampers!
My husband and I started using huggies with our first son. We noticed he kept leaking through especially at night, so we tried other brands. Finally pampers were our last choice and low and behold they were the best!! Only brand we use now!!
We strictly use Pampers diapers in our household as we find they have the best fit and absorption for our child. The swaddlers work excellent for daily use and the wetness indicator has helped us numerous times!
I have 5 kids total and last 2 are twins and I have tried to buy several cheap brands but, I have found the only diapers that don't usually leak and also don't give my kids a rash are Pampers. I will not buy anything but Pampers products and they have never let me or my babies down.
These diapers are definitely our favorite. They are the only brand we buy. A friend had gifted us another brand, and they leaked and didn't fit quite right. We quickly went back to our Pampers Swaddlers!
These diapers are great! My son stays dry all night!! We switched from the other Pampers nighttime diapers and haven't leaked through since! We are huge Pampers fans!
These diapers tell me immediately when my son is wet, awesome product!
Ever since we came home from the hospital, we have been avid pampers swaddlers users. The are the softest diaper I have ever felt and fit my baby so well. They are even so soft that we never have experienced diaper rash! My baby loves them, and I love them, all around amazing product!!
I have tried many brands of diapers and to be honest I will only use pampers swaddlers. They have always held up great and not once has my daughter leaked out of them at night.
I used pamper baby dry with my son in 2005 and now in 2014 with my baby daughter this product is 5 star!!! I recommend 100%.
I loved using these with my infants until they grew out of swaddled and moved to cruisers. I also liked the yellow strip that disappeared when wet - especially with a newborn!
I received several brands of diapers at my baby shower. Pampers are by far my favorite. They stay dry and protect against the inevitable blow outs unlike the other competitors like Luvs.
These are the best diapers for newborns, and also come in larger sizes too so babies of every age can enjoy the comfort and sensitivity and softness of these adorable diapers!
10 years after my first child, I still swear by Pampers Swaddlers. They are a little different with this new baby and it makes is so much easier. My husband now can see when the baby is wet and doesn't have to ask me!
Both my daughter's were born premies best diapers for their small fragile bodies. Super soft love these diapers!!!
I really love the absorbency of the diapers. I do wish the could stay around the waist better and not flop over.
Great product super absorbent . . wouldn't change anything !! I swear by Pampers I tell everyone to use them and only buy Pampers for my Daughter, the color changing line is a great tool
I received a few different brand diapers at my baby shower. I must say after trying each of them the only brand I will continue to buy is Pampers. They are soft, absorbent, and fit well on my son. Even now that he is sleeping 5-6 hours a night we haven't had any overnight leaks or irritation.
Great diapers. My DD has been using them for 18 months.
Absolutely love the swaddlers! Used them for my first child and now my second.
Being a new mom of course everyone has their opinion on the best diaper. So, of course everyone gives you their favorite brand. Every time I came back to pampers. They were soft, they look comfortable, and they didn't leak!!!! My biggest concern with other brands is that they leaked. Pampers never did and my daughter never broke out in a rash like she did from other diapers because I believe these were the most sensitive on her skin.
Pampers has been on my little preemie since he was only 3lbs!! Thankfully they make preemie diapers because they were a life saver!!! He has been in them ever since!!! Love pampers!
They are very absorbent. We have never had trouble with the kids leaking out. They fit great, especially for our preemies.
I have been using Pampers since my first daughter was born...23 years ago! All my children that followed have worn Pampers as well; my second daughter...16 years ago, and my youngest daughter...13 years ago. We recently had a son...8 months ago and I couldn't imagine using anything else. They absorb like no other, the elastic in the leg has been a life saver numerous times and you can't beat the price! Pampers are the number one choice in my family!
I love pampers swaddlers. They are the best diapers never leak unlike other brands.
We love pampers swaddlers! They are very soft and absorbent and we like the wetness indicator
Between Huggies and Pampers, Pampers by far is the better diaper. The swaddlers fit great and contain everything. Love the color-changing wetness indicator. Our baby is only wet in the morning if she drank up to 10+ ounces of milk prior to going to bed; otherwise, the diaper is full, but she is completely dry.
love pampers diapers and wipes. protect very well.
I would have to say all your products are amazing. I get cruisers pampers and I'm confident in knowing that my baby is well protected, comfortable, and happy. The pamper itself has an overall rating of 5 stars. With great thanks
mom & baby :)!

Juli & Leila
We use Pampers for all of our kids. They fit great, less gaps, and no leaks!
Only diapers that didn't break my daughter out. Great fit and minimal leaks!!!! Some blowouts can't be contained haahaa. I recommend Pampers to all my friends!!!!!
Super absorbent, super soft and comfy for baby. Keeps her dry. Definitely recommend!
Before my daughter was on any solids, she filled up her diapers frequently. By far, all of the Pampers diapers absorbed so much more than any other competitors.
If someone were to ask me about recommendations on diapers, I would flat out tell them they are the BEST. I have used numerous brands and I always end up using pampers. I love the color indicator! And I lovehow absorbent they are. I never have a problem with leaks or my daughter smelling like urine (I've had that problem with other brands). Pampers are so soft and haven't caused any irritation. Pampers all the way!!!
i like how these diaper perform. i am a new mother and i like how the diaper works. does a great job on keeping thing off of the babies bottom, while preventing leaks.
Love the way they fit on my LO :) I love tht you can just tell by looking at them that they need to be changed!
The color change wetness indicator has been a great tool for me. It has helped me avoid diaper rash since it allowed me to change my baby's diaper as soon as I saw the color change. Pampers is definitely the brand that fits my baby.
Excellent the best diaper ever!
Will definitely recommend pampers products to every parent.
I am using pampers diapers for my daughter. I just try to use different brands in the middle. But I didn't any of those. I especially like the overnight diapers. They are really amazing. And you know what my baby never got diaper rash.
I am really happy for that. I recommend lot of my friends to use pampers diapers. Even for you I am saying that. If you really care for your kids, just go and buy some pampers diapers. It's worth of buying.
They are really good and great protection on dryness.
I love Pampers! A couple of times I have tried other brands and am always in a hurry to finish the box to get back to pampers.
I used these for both my children (boy and girl). They were the best and were soft for babies. I didn't like other diapers that were hard or stiff. I felt like I was using cloth diapers without the mess and cleanup!
Absorbs great and lasts through the night. Only diaper we have tries that doesnt leak or have blow outs!
I absolutely love pampers. I use pampers sensitive wipes and pampers swaddled diapers, love them! They fit right and keep baby dry.
Very soft diaper
But needs more absorbency.
Nothing softer and comfortable for my baby than swaddlers.
I loved the idea of the blue line when baby is wet. This was a perfect idea especially for new parents.
it works better then any other diapers out there..
For newborns, Swaddlers are the best! There's a reason that so many hospitals use Swaddlers right from he start. I've never had a leak in these like I have with other brands. When they get a little bigger the best fit and absorbency is Pampers Cruisers, but Swaddlers have newborns all wrapped up!
We only use pampers because of babies sensitive skin. The Swaddlers are great for note time because they don't lint out and they keep him nice and dry. I am so glad they expanded the sizes to 5 for these!
love pampers!! always keeps Jackson dry!! don't waste money buying other brands!
My daughter is 17 months and we have used Pampers Swaddlers since she was born. They are great! Each size has fit well and we rarely have issues with leakage as long as she is in the proper size. The indicator line is an added bonus! Wouldn't even consider using anything else!
As a mother of 5 children (2 still in diaper), Pampers Swaddlers are my number one recommendation. They seem more comfortable than other diapers we have tried and leak less. One of my sons was very sensitive to diapers and wipers, but never had any issues with pampers. We always use Swaddlers until the baby outgrows them and moves on to Cruisers.
This product is fantastic and is the only one I'll use for my daughter. I had tried one other brand of diapers, as it was given to me at my baby shower, however, it did not live up to the standards set forth by Pampers. Pampers Swaddlers fit wonderfully, are quite absorbent, and very much reduce the risk of leakage, whereas the competition was a tighter fit, less absorbent, and prone to leakage. I absolutely love Pampers products, especially their Swaddlers Diapers! I would recommend these diapers to everyone with a little one on the way or already here. (:
These diapers fit my daughter great and provide superior protection.
I've tried a couple different brands of Pampers and other leading brands but was never more satisfied then by the Swaddlers. I really think my daughter enjoys the softness and helps keep her dry. The wetness indicator really helps take the guess work out of whether the diaper is wet or not.
I love Pampers Swaddlers and so does my son! I'm a new mom and people are always giving me suggestions. My friend Sarah told me about how she loved Swaddlers so that's what I went with right from the start. As a gift, I received a different brand of diapers and within a few days he developed a diaper rash. We went right back to the swaddlers! They are super soft on my baby's sensitive skin. Plus the color changing stripe makes it easy for my husband and I to detect a needed diaper change!
We used Pampers Swaddlers until my daughter was walking alot. I had very few daytime leaks and she seemed comfortable in them.
Pampers Swaddlers diapers are absolutely amazing! I have used them on my nieces and nephews since they were born and I would never switch to anything else! Their dryness, fit, and absorbency are perfect!
I have bought only pampers from the day my child was born, he is 8-1/2 mo old now. We have never had a leak or blow out in pampers and when we move up a size the diaper expands to fit a smaller waste and moves up well (ie their size to weight charts are spot on). We have now graduated to using the pampers extra dry for night time and as soon as we made the switch, he started sleeping thru the night! Now if that's not a reason to go get 'em I don't know what is!
The pampers brand is a staple in our home, from swaddlers to easy ups. We wouldn't have it any other way!
I like the fit and the comfort, I think it is a bit expensive
I would recommend all pampers products to all I have been using this for 5 years keep up the great work
These are the best diapers for NB - 2. They fit better than any other brand and best of all don't leak!
Not only do Swaddlers keep our little guy's bum dry, they wick away the poo. They are so soft to the touch and the light baby powder scent is great!
Have been using these for my little peanut since she was newborn. we received other brands for shower gifts. nothing works like pampers!
We've been using Pampers Swaddlers since we brought my son home from the hospital (and actually in the hospital too, since that's what they use!) and have yet to find another diaper that compares. When I was pregnant I began to start a little diaper stockpile, purchasing various brands since I didn't have any brand loyalty yet - what a mistake! After trying out a couple of the other brands and experiencing leaks and blowouts, I don't even bother to use them anymore! I'll only use Pampers Swaddlers!
I love the Swaddlers diapers. I love the wetness indicator. I don't have to guess as to whether she went. She has been sick over the winter so I was worried a lot about dehydration. Love them!
Pamper Size 1 diapers are my favorite diapers currently. I feel they fit my son the best and I like the design. It is nice that they are tinted blue and not just white. I would definitely recommend these :)
I love this product, I love that it changes color when the diaper is soiled, its soft, and fits perfectly on my baby.
We tried a couple of brands when the baby was born but pampers consistently did not leak
i have used pampers since my daughter has been born. i have tried a couple different brands and they just weren't working they either leaked or didnt fit to her with out having accidents :) ,
It has been a LONG time since we have bought diapers and we weren't sure what to expect!!
Pleasantly surprised!!
Out newly arrived little one is a small one...less than 6 pounds and very long...and these diapers in Newborn size fit her perfectly!
I love swaddlers, but am disappointed because they are the ones with the smallest quantity in the boxes. If I am paying a lot for diapers, I am going to buy the box with more diapers/box. I would much rather buy swaddlers, but babydry has more per box. Swaddlers is a great diaper!
These diapers are the best they fit great & don't leak & the urine line indicator is great.
Loved using Swaddlers when my daughter was a newborn. The wetness indicator helped me as a first time mom be able to keep up with my daughter's wet diapers to help avoid diaper rashes. They were very absorbent and I went out of my way to buy Pampers more often than not.
I love pampers swaddlers. They fit perfectly on my son and absorb so much. He sleeps through the night and it does not leak.
Pampers fit my daughter better than any one brand and I love the softness.
I like how the notch for the umbilical cord is a folding line instead f an actual cutout. This meant that I could continue to use them after it fell off without having to worry about leakage. I also like that even though they are very absorbent they don't make his legs bow out.
great absorption, never leaks, fits perfectly, very soft and comfortable compared to other diapers. Product is easily accessible everywhere
I have been using pampers swaddlers since the beginning and hands down it is the best diaper. I tried several other brands and nothing compares to the quality of the pampers swaddlers. The multiple layering of the diaper truly prevents leaks even overnight. The absorbency really does keep the baby dry and prevents diaper rash. Also the blue wetness indicator line helps letting any parent know when its time to change. This diaper is a parents dream. Thank you!
Great product. At one point, I had all 3 of my children in Pampers in different sizes. My bathroom closet looked like the diaper aisle in the store. One difference - only Pampers in my house. I have used and recommend all Pampers diapers. Of course my only concern is price. Regardless of brand, all diapers are expensive.
I really like how soft and dry they keep the babies.
I used Pampers Swaddlers with my first child 6 years ago and didn't hesitate to choose them again for my new baby. I love them! They are softer than any other diaper I tried, they are absorbent, and they perfectly fit my daughter all those years ago and now my son. I love the new wetness indicator- very handy! These diapers seem very comfortable for my baby. The leg holes aren't too loose or too tight. Same with the waist. I am very happy with these diapers and will continue to use Pampers throughout my son's infant and toddler stages. I recommend Pampers to my friends.
Pampers swaddles are the only diapers that I buy for my daughter. They are definitely the best diapers out there. The only thing I would change is to make the back of the diaper fit better because it leaks sometimes.
Pampers are the only diaper that I have found that don't leak or give son a rash. Great!
I've been using Pampers Swaddlers since day one, and despite attempting to try Huggies and even the cruisers, I always go back to Swaddlers. They fit my baby really well, she has been wearing size 3 now since about October, and I don't expect to have to buy any other brand now that they go all the way up to size five. They do a great job of keeping her dry even when the diaper is saturated. I also love the wetness indicator and the fact that these diapers are mostly white and don't show through her clothes. I would definitely choose Pampers Swaddlers again.
I absolutely love Pampers! They fit and absorb great!
I will 100% use pampers. Best quality. They are more expensive but you get your money's worth.
These diapers have been great. We will be continuing to use them.
Pampers swaddlers are the first diapers my baby used and they are soft and absorbent, no need to try any other brand! With the wetness indicator they are ideal for first time moms and helps me keep my baby dry and comfy
I would recommend Pampers Swaddlers to anyone trying to find a good diaper that fits well and absorbs great. They seem to be the best diaper to fit my son and the softness of the diaper is something I can feel good about putting on him.
These diapers are our favorites. They are super absorbent and really hold in the messes. I will continue to use exclusively as my baby grows.
These are the best quality diapers I have ever used.
Overall Pampers in the best brand. I have tried almost every brand with my DD and Pampers always the clear winner. The absorbency and wetness indicator is why I only choose Pampers.
Great quality, everything is good as usual, I like it very much!
Currently using this product with my 3 month old. Great quality diaper. No leaks.
My daughter and I really like pampers swaddler they are just perfect
I would recommend Pampers Swaddler's to everyone. They are softer and more absorbent than any other brand. The yellow strip on the front of the diaper lets you know it's wet when it turns blue. These really are the best diapers.
My baby uses pampers swaddlers.
This product has many pros excllent absorbency, good fitting and good scent.
my husband and I had a diaper shower and received many types of diapers. After trying a few different brands we returned anything not pampers and bought pampers swaddles. I was so excited to see that they now go up to a size 5. These are the only diapers my daughter has not leaked out of. These are by far my favorite diaper.
While there are cheaper diapers out there, I haven't found any that my son seems so comfortable in. They're soft and always keep him dry. They do allow aka few more blow-outs than the Babdy Dry, though.
We received a bunch of diapers as gifts for the shower- All moms bought Pamper Swaddlers. I love that the yellow stripe changes to blue when the diaper is wet. Very helpful for 1st time parents. The Huggies we have are sitting in our closet because they leaked.
It is very soft and Baby feel comfortable, and no rash.
I will spend a few extra dollars for these diaper for my newborn. They fit perfect and absorb greatly. I'm hooked and live pampers swaddlers.
The Pampers Swaddler's we use for our grandson provide the best fit and dryness protection we have found. When he was born, we tried other brands, but found Pampers exceeded the others by far.
I just had a newborn and are loving these diapers. They stay dry for awhile so im not always changing her...Love the product keep up the good work :-) :-) :-)
I run an in-home daycare with infants and absolutely LOVE the Swaddlers. They fit the babies the best, keep them the driest they can, and best of all help protect their precious skin even from those nasty newborn blow-outs!!! I really love the easy to read wetness indicator on each diaper too!
I love pampers swaddlers. I've been using it since my baby was born and he's now I'm a size 3!
I've tried other brands of diapers and none can compare to Pampers! They fit perfectly and never leak. And I love the wetness indicator. Pampers are the diaper of choice for my family!
These are a perfect choice for my baby instead of having to go up a size!
I love that when I purchase this product I never have any issues with them. I was giving many different brands for my baby shower and none beats "Pampers"
The swaddlers always seem to fit my grandson without any leaks. Thsi is a problem with another major brand.
Overall greatness is all I can say . Huggies can not even come close to the perfection in all around products .
I love using Pampers! I've never had a issue of diapers leaking!
I love Pampers Swaddlers! I tried other brands, including store brand diapers, but those other diapers gave my baby a really bad case of diaper rash. We switched back to Swaddlers and my baby has been rash free ever since.
Tried all kind of diapers. These as my absolute favorite! Best fit, inside liner to keep pp off baby, holds a lot off pp, "side catchers" keep poo from running, no "beads" pop out throughout the night, the softness is lovely when cuddling!!! And undoubtedly they are comfortable! Baby sleeps longer in these than any other!!!! And, a big plus.... they are affordable
I love using Pampers when my babies are in the newborn and size 1 diapers. They seem to fit best and leak less than other diapers when using those sizes. Love them!
I love these diapers they work awesome! I would recommend everyone to use these!
These are the best diapers you could use. As a mother of two; all I have ever use was pampers. But the new swaddlers are even better. Keps baby very dry and absorbs very well. I highly recommend this to all new and existing moms.
Love that they now have bigger sizes! Started in swaddlers as newborn and can continue on!
Pampers are wonderful diapers. We have had our son i. Them since he was born
I have tried every single brand of diapers out there and Pampers is THE BEST, hands down!!!! The quality is unbeatable!!
I have a newborn son and my first option was to use pampers but at a diaper shower we had we also received huggies brand.. They were horrible! Leaks after leak and these are truly the best when it comes to absorbency and fit.. Never have I ever had a leak with these and sometimes I leave pamper on longer than I am supposed to.
Love love love these diapers. I used them for my first son and with my second son. I was very excited that swaddlers made larger sizes because they were perfect until my boys started crawling. Highly recommend. Thanks for such a great product.

Edwards Mom
I love the diapers. They keep my little girls bottom dry and helps keep her bottom from getting red. The only thing I dislike is the price. I can pay half the amount for a pack of Luvs and they work just as well.
I have used pampers for both my girls....2.5 year old an my newborn. They stay dry and have minimal leaks or blow outs.
I'm a FTM and Pampers swaddlers are hands down the best diaper for our daughter! We love the color line to determine wetness as well as the softness and overall seal. Blowout Free!
We used papmers swaddlers for both of our children and the product never failed us. The color indicator allowed us to see that our children needed to be changed immediately and because of that our children were always happy and dry. I would recommend this product to everyone. Since we had such wonderful success with swaddlers we used other pampers products such as night time diapers and pull ups. Great Product!!!!!
I have only used Pampers with all three of my kids. I love this brand and recommend it to everyone!
I love these diapers. My family bought me some store brand Generic diapers and boy were they bad news. I said never again and went back to my pampers swaddlers. My newborn appreciated it too.
I love swaddlers and swaddlers sensitive. They are the only ones that keep everything in the diaper and haven't caused a rash.
I use to buy the store brands for my children b/c I felt they were all about the same, but I love swaddlers so much that I'll pay the extra money for the pampers. I really love them!
Love pampers! We wouldn't try anything else! I would recommend pampers!
I love the moisture strip to tell you if the diaper is wet without having to open it up - so convenient for middle of the night changes.
I've tried a few other diapers for my son but always go back to pampers, I love how soft and absorbent they are.
Great fit although at times there absorbency is questionable. Despite trying many other brands still feel they are the best.
I have used Pampers for all of my kids and I absolutely love them!
Swaddler is the best diaper product that we have tried so far! My baby loves it, and so does this first time mom! Great absorption and soft touch! Nothing else will beat Swaddlers!
I have tried pampers swaddlers, pampers baby dry, Huggies snugglers, and Luvs, and pampers swaddlers by far leak the least. My son sleeps 9-10 hours at night and his diaper is as heavy as a grapefruit in the morning, but Pampers swaddlers diapers almost always keep all the moisture inside! He doesn't seem to be bothered or get skin breakdown by wet and dirty diapers, either, which leads me to believe that the diapers do a great job of keeping the moisture off of his skin. Umbilical cord notch is nice but wasn't really that helpful because you have to fold down the diaper front anyway, if you really want to ensure it isn't rubbing on the belly button.
My baby is 3 months now and I've tried a variety of diapers. So far my favorite happens to be the diaper swaddles because it prevented anything from dripping out and the leakage indicator helped me to identify how much my baby went to the bathroom and how often.
I absolutely love Pampers Swaddlers even before I had my baby boy when I was around my nieces and nephews that's what we used unfortunately for them it only went up to 2, but now they go up to 5 which I'm absolutely in love with.
The quality is great the price is a bit high. They are absorbent and soft,
Love the swaddlers! They've never let us down and always hold. There's no odor from them and they fit great!
Pampers is the only brand I trust and use for my child
Just wish price was lower is all. Love blue absorbancy line and texture.
We were given pampers swaddlers in the hospital with our daughter, and are still continuing to use them. They are definitely soft, and very absorbent. We will continue to use them!
I have used pampers products for years since 2009 for my daughter and now for my son. I tried others but nothing seemed to work the best for my daughter and now my son. It absorbs so much and doesn't leak which is great for night time. I like the fact that they fit great they are soft and not ruff feeling.
I love these diapers! They are so soft and super absorbent! Having the wetness indicator line is also an added benefit. Great diapers!
Swaddlers wetness indicator was extraordinarily important for my husband and me. Both my husband and i were first time parents and it was a learning process for us, but thanks to pampers swaddlers we had a happy baby because my son never had any issues with rashes or sensitivity. I had peace of mind that even when distracted with daily chores a quick glance could tell me if i had a more pressing matter at hand. needless to say I returned to purchasing swaddlers when we had our second son and i was thrilled when pampers decided to make swaddlers in bigger sizes.
I didn't have any problems with pampers swaddlers. My son is so comfortable that he doesn't fuss or cry whether he needs changing.
Love everything about Pampers they are the only kind Ill use
Only diapers we wanted out daughter in. Were very absorbent. Only had a couple that leaked.
Great Diapers. Starting using them as soon as the baby was born. Love the leakage line in the front, very absorbent and I have never had a leak on her clothes. Would highly recommened.
Pampers Swaddlers are my number 1 choice for pampers. They are absorbent and are a perfect fit for my son.
I love pampers they keep my son clean and dry but they are a bit pricey. Overall I recommend this product all the way!
I used to not like pamper but with my third daughter i felt like they have better quality than what they used to have
Swaddlers were the only diapers that didn't give my little one a rash and had the best absorbance. We tried other brands, but always went back to Swaddlers.
My daughter has get to get a rash or any irritation! Great product!
I really prefer Pampers sensitive for my son. He has eczema and has done great with these diapers!
I am a new mom and love swaddlers..very absorbent and the blue line indicator is awesome!
least blow outs from all brands, less mess and less clean up.
Really good diapers . My baby loves it he is nine months i am using these from his birth no rashes at all . I just change the diaper at night and dont have to change during
night , i change his diaper in the morning after 8 hours . And he sleeps well
I love pampers swaddlers. They fit my daughter.
They do not give her a rash and they do not leak! I always recommend them to people with children.
Ive tried off brands and huggies. Pampers is the only type of diapers my daughter can use that works. I was so happy when swaddlers went to larger sizes they are the best type there is from pampers.
I love pampers swaddlers. I started using them with my daughter and they were the only diaper that didn't make her break out. They are so sensitive and absorbent. I love the fact that they started making them up to size 5 so she could wear them until she was potty trained. I am now using them for my son. Love!!
The umbilical cord notch on the smaller sizes is brilliant!
i love pampers! its the only brand I use because their the only brand I trust!
Pampers is the brand I recommend. Nd the only brand I use.
My LO has sensitive skin and these pampers do not give him a rash. Plus they fit perfectly!
Using for 6 months now. Won't buy any thing other.
My little one seems to have really sensitive skin and is very selective to what will work. From day one pampers swaddlers has been my family's favorite. The newborn packs didn't irritate the umbilical cord and fit great. After going through the various diapers given to us at the baby shower, it is safe to say we are a pampers family!
Pampers is very thin and soft. They are a bit pricey but comfort is everything.
We have been using Pampers since the day our son was born. We were given several packages of Huggies which we tried to use but went right back to Pampers. They keep him dry and they seem to be comfortable to him! We are always going to be Pampers users!!
We received these diapers from the hospital, we wouldn't go to anything else!
We used pampers swaddlers from the start, though we did have some other brands we received as gifts, so we tried them. I don't think huggies compares to swaddlers at all. With pampers, the sizing was pretty accurate, while huggies was horrible. The only slightly negative about pampers swaddlers is that I don't think they are great for overnight sleep. We had to purchase separate nighttime diapers; pampers extra protection.
I've tried other brands with my son and none of them stands up to the quality and absorbency of pampers.
I stick with Swaddlers for my newborns' diapers, especially for bedtime. Swaddlers are a softer diaper, and they stay dry the longest (in my opinion). They tend to be a little more expensive but as with most things-you get what you pay for!
This is what the hospital used and I have used ever since. I received some other brands during a diaper shower, tried them all, and now I will only buy pampers swaddlers! They are amazing!
I think that pampers brand pampers and pull ups are thee absolute best. I've never had any problems with them. I recommend them to all mom's and will never use anything else if I can help it.
Started using these diapers in the hospital and wouldn't switch now. Great product!!
I was raised with the notion that Huggies were the way to go. After having, my son and using Pampers exclusively, I will not go back!
Out of all the diapers I have tried, pampers swaddlers are by far the best! My daughter will wear one of these diapers all night long 10 hours and still be dry in the morning!
I am so glad we started with Pampers products from my babies birth. We have had very few incidents with them and they are made very well. We will definitely be using them for the next baby that is on the way!!!
My oldest son is 4 and we have used Pampers Swaddlers for him, our 2 year old daughter and our 1 month old. I cannot imagine ever using any other diaper for our kids.
The best diapers for crawlers out there! We love them!
Pampers swaddlers have been the perfect diaper for our babies! It's all we use for our 2 under 2!!
I have used these with my 3 children and never had an issue. No leaks, fit has always been good, and my kids have liked the designs.
I love pampers diapers and so does my baby! I esp like the indicator letting you know for sure when baby needs to be changed.
Thanks for keeping my baby dry all night long! Pampers fit just right and let my baby explore while still being comfortable!
Pampers swaddlers is the only diapers I use for my little girl.
Keeps her dry and no leaks. I've already told a friend who just had a son to use this product for best results of accidents. Wish you had a size 5 though :(.
My daughter wears pampers and they never leak. They feel soft to the touch and no marks when she's moving around. Love them.
My favorite thing about pampers is the dryness. The diaper can be completely full in the morning, but her bottom is always dry.
Pampers are super soft! I love the wetness indicator! The fit is great too!
I love swaddlers! They are the best fit diaper I have found yet! Love the fact there a line to tell you when it's time to change the diaper. They fit around my daughters legs perfectly. We have had a few leaks but it was after she slept for about 8 hours straight so I can understand that. All diapers are I my designed to hold so much. I would highly reccomend swaddlers to anyone!
I've been using Pampers diapers and wipes since my son was born I love them and I would never use something different!
It's been 13 years since I had a baby, but as of 3 months ago I became a mother once again and wouldn't change pampers! The best diaper for your baby!
Our daughter has been able to fit into every size (she's up to size 3 now) very comfortably. The hospital provided Swaddlers and that is the only diaper we use now. We love it and will stick with Swaddlers and Pampers products until she is potty trained.
As a parent I want the best for my children, and with Pampers my goal is accomplished! Since the first day my baby wore Pampers in the Hospital I knew we had to continue buying them! I love the indicator that lets us know if the baby has a wet diaper! Not only that, the absorbancy is great my baby sleeps through the whole night and wakes up with a smile on his face! Definitely recommended!! :)
Love the Pampers swaddlers! I returned all other brands of diapers and exchanges for pampers swaddlers.
I received a few different diaper brands from my baby shower, so I had the chance to try out some other than pampers, but pampers diapers topped the charts for me!
I absolutely recommend pampers. We tried every diaper available and pampers worked for us. He didn't explode or leak out and it's good quality. Our favorite part is the indicator line. :)
I have always preferred Pampers. There is no comparison really!
I have found these to be the best fit and absorbency for my daughter's needs as a newborn. We had less accidents with these than any other brand and because they absorb so well, less skin irritation. Highly recommend for newborns!
I LOVED these swaddlers for my newborn, they fit perfectly around her legs and waist so all the random wetness never leaked through!
We started using these when my son was in he NICU, because that was what the hospital used. We loved them so much that we continued to use them when he came home.
I have tried other products just to compare and always come back to pampers. My daughter never has leaks or other problems like she experienced with other brands.
These are the only diapers that dont leak on my baby boy. Tried cheaper brands to save money but ended up changing them twice as often and spending more in the end.
I love using pampers swaddler diapers. My babies doctor and my very best friend recommended them and I love them. I tried a different brand once for my little girl and it really broke her out. Pampers are great.
I used pampers swaddlers for my newborn. They were perfect for his sensitive skin and never leaked.
Pampers swaddlers are the only diapers I buy. They keep my baby dry and never leak!
I've tried other brands and even other Pampers products and Swaddlers are my favorite. They fit my little girl well and are really soft and absorbent. I also like the wetness indicator... as a first time mom, they helped give me the confidence I needed to know when to change her. Pampers cost a little more than other brands, but they are worth the money.
compared to huggies, pampers fits my LO much better. it's a longer fit which is great for leak protection and there's less material around the legs compared to huggies which provides less irritation. I've found that huggies diapers will tend to leave red markings around her legs. for some babies, I guess this is necessary for leak protection, but the pampers swaddlers diaper seems to have figured this out using less material around the legs. we love the pampers brand in my family.
Used these until my baby didn't fit anymore. I never really used the notched cut out as it was too high, but folding down worked great.
I only use pampers diapers on my kids. Great product!
Great fit & dryness. Tend to be an equal price with other brands, with great protection
My FAVORITE of the Pampers diapers! This style fits well on my little guy and absorbs GREAT! The wetness indicator is awesome, especially when they are NB. Highly recommend.
We have tried other diapers with our first child and kept coming back to pampers. Now with our third child I don't bother even trying other diapers, these are superior in every way to other brands.
I enjoy the diapers they great and I love that they line on the diaper tell me when it wet or dirty.
My baby is 4 1/2 months now and we have went through plenty of diapers. The Papmers Swaddlers are the best I have used. They have NEVER leaked, which is very important. I will only use the Swaddlers!
I Absoutely Love Pampers Products. I Have A Six Month Old Daughter And Am A FirstTime Parent. Value And Quality Are Awesome. And Price Wise Is Great As Well. So Glad They Started Making Bigger Sizes In Swaddlers. Love The Wipes. Tried Lots Of Different Kinds But Pampers Is The Best!
The best diapers on the market in my opinion
No leaks, and a great notch for umbilical cord
As a new mom I needed the best diapers and after asking my other mommy friends we found that pampers swaddlers work best for us and pampers baby dry for nighttime.
The hospital used Pampers pampers Swaddlers and now I know why! I tried other brands only to find that the absorbency wasn't as good and both my kids leaked almost every night. I immediately switched back to Pampers Swaddlers and couldn't be happier. I don't recall either of my kids leaking while wearing one of the Swaddlers...not even once!!
We love using pampers diapers for our little man!!
I am one of five and all my siblings and I use pampers for our children. I recommend pampers to all my friends and when one tries another brand they always go to pampers and say I should of listened to you. It's never been a question for me for my little guy!
These are especially easy to take off and put on. They absorb better than any other diaper I have tried. This is definitely the #1 brand to use. There is a reason why the hospitals use them.
These diapers are the only ones to use! they are so soft! Love this product!
I have tried every diaper on the market and none compare to Swaddlers. I wouldn't and don't use anything different (except at night). They are the only diaper that keeps my baby girl feeling dry and comfortable throughout the day without major incidences of blow-out.
After doing my fair share of personal experiments with diapers and their quality v. value with my first child 16 years ago, I knew when I had my second child that Pampers would be my #1 choice. My husband however was not so convinced that paying more for premium diapers was the best choice.

Despite the fact that the hospital used Pampers Swaddlers for the newborns and that I purchased and used Swaddlers for our very first box of diapers, my husband quickly and excitedly purchased an alternate brand of diapers as soon as the first box was getting close to running out.

After the first handful of diaper changes, my husband quickly learned what I had already known: you can't beat the softness and security of Pampers Swaddlers. My husband learned first hand how the alternate brand easily soaked through and the diaper tabs often tore when attaching during a diaper change. My husband soon learned that we were using many more diapers over the course of the day compared to the absorbency of Pampers. He also valued the wetness indicator on the Swaddlers -- something I didn't even realize he noticed!

We also LOVED the Pampers Rewards program. How easy can it be to earn rewards for purchasing items we would need anyway? We feel the very minor up-charge for premium Pampers diapers was well worth the softness, security and rewards for our money.

Ever since that first off-brand box of diapers, my husband has stood right beside me as a true, brand loyal believer in Pampers! We encourage everyone we know to perform their own experiments with diapers and rewards. We are confident the value in Pampers speaks for itself!
I love pamper swadlers and have used them ever since my baby has been born! They do a great job keeping her dry and happy.
Excellent product. Would use nothing else. Thank you for keeping my little girl happy!
They fit great giving room to grow. Soaks up well.
We got a number of different diaper brands during my pregnancy, but, now that she's here, we LOVE Pampers! We've actually exchanged a couple boxes of the other brands for Pampers! The blue stripe (wetness indicator) is super helpful!
I didn't hesitate when my girl needed to upgrade her size for diaper. Pamper again.
These are the best diapers ever! They have a soft for so it is easy to fit perfectly around baby (and no leaks)! I love the color mark that allows me to know if my daughter is wet or dry without having to open the diaper itself!
They kept our daughters dry during the day without any redness or discomfort. Highlight recommended!
I love the swaddlers because they have the wetness indicator, but overall I love Pampers. By far, for both of my boys Pampers have been my favorite diaper.
My newborn started with this brand of pampers... and I'm loving them. Baby can sleep throughout the night without leaking or discomfort. High quality pampers!
I loved these while my daughter was little. She used them until she was in size 3. They don't hold as much as the child gets older which is why we switched to baby dry. But she has sensitive skin and not once has every broken out from these or any other pampers product. I did try these again when they came out in bigger sizes but now that she's more active they don't fit her needs. I would definitely recommend these to anyone with babies in sizes 1-3!
I have tried others and I came right back to Pampers Swaddlers. They are the best I have found.
these diapers are by far the best diaper i have ever used. i have never had to clean up bowel out side the diaper and they are ver absorbant. I love the line telling me when my son has peed. I highly recremnd these diapers to all new parents,
These diapers are a must have for moms! Great quality. Sooo soft! Great fit especially the notch for the cord..perfect!
The Pampers Swaddlers are my all time favorite diapers ! I have tried many other brands and styles including cloth diapers over the years and I always end up going back to the Pampers Swaddlers .
Does everything it should do! Best Diaper for dryness!
Pamper Swaddlers are my new favorite diaper. I love how they fit my baby so that there are less leaks. i think the wetness indicator is very helpful, especially for a new mom who wants a quick look in the middle of the night to see if a diaper change is needed!
I have been using the pampers swaddlers diapers since day one. I love the fit and they are super absorbent. My favorite thing about them is the color change wetness indicates on them, it makes everything so much easier. I recommend them to everyone I know. Great product.
iv tried soooo many other diapers and there is none like these!!! i love them!!!
Those are the best and my daughter wears nothing but them!!!!
This is a Great product to get happy to get it....
Our local bulk retail store was out of the cruisers in size five so I grabbed the new size five swaddlers instead. No disappointment here! Pampers never lets me down.
Great quality as expected. Excellent leak protection! Wetness indicator and umbilical cord notch is super convenient!!
We ONLY buy pampers it has been our favorite diapers since our child was born!!!
I love this diaper.it is very strong do not leak very fast unless diapers is overflow.indicator is great.its affordavke but too little diapers in there.the more the numbers increase the less diapers you get
We have used these diapers from newborn up to one year and still are using this product. We are very happy with the product. No leaks, no explosions, and good quality. I especially liked the dry strip for when the baby was younger to know if the diaper was wet.
I love pampers!!! I would recommend any of the products!
Pamper swaddlers are my favorite! They're especially good at night time when I know he will be in his diaper for a while.
Have never had a leak that was not related to putting diaper on a little loose. Love the wetness indicator and these diapers hold a lot of wetness, unlike some others. Just wish they were cheaper.
Love this diapers they work great could be a little less in price
Swaddlers are the perfect diaper for a newborn and I'm grateful the comfort is now available through size 5!
USED PAMPERS BRAND FOR MY FIRST BABY...USING PAMPERS BRAND FOR MY SECOND BABY! LOVE THESE DIAPERS ...OTHER BRANDS DO NOT COMPARE.
I would not pick any other diapers to use on my baby. Pampers Swaddlers are the best. They have great quality and many different sizes as baby grows.
Pampers swaddlers are by far the best diaper i have ever used on my twins! I wouldn't recommend any other brand!
I love the Swaddlers diapers. I have never had problems of these diapers giving rashes, they always fit right and contain messes. Now that they've expanded to size 5, I know my baby will always be comfortable.
I use Pampers Swaddlers regularly, but on occasion, I have tried other brands. However, I always come back to Pampers! No comparison. They are soft and comfortable for my baby and very absorbent. She really never seems to leak through!
This is the only diapers I use for my daughter. She is 5 months and I will continue to use these til they don't for or she is potty trained.
Soft, super absorbent, quiet, and are not bulky. Love the pampers swaddlers.
Thank you for keeping my baby boy dry! The absorbency strip is perfect to know if his diaper is wet. I never smell urine like with other diapers. He's a very happy baby and now we only use pampers!!
We have 2 girls, and I've never been happy with any other brand of diapers!! We received a box of Huggies as a gift when my oldest was born and we used them, but she leaked through them constantly-very disappointing!! Swaddlers are so soft and absorbant-I would recommend them to everyone!
always fit our little guy well and rarely had leaks
I love these diapers! This is what they used in the hospital. I tried huggies, luvs, and The Honest Company; but I kept returning to Pampers.
I love these diapers and I'm glad they are now up to size 5 !
Keeps the baby dry for extended periods of time. Good quality
I have been using pampers products as a mother for the last eight years and in my profession for the last 10 years. I have always been impressed with pampers quality products and always prefer them to other brands. Great products and I definitely plan on using them with our new baby.
Pampers swaddlers are amazing. My son is 3 months old and I've tried a few different brands but prefer Pampers the best!
I'm a first time mom and have nothing bad to say about Pampers Swaddlers. These are definitely the ones to get.
These are the only diapers my 1 month can wear without them leaking(huggies) and causing skin irritation(luvs).
Pampers swaddlers fit great and dont leak one bit..perfect for any age babies.
I absolutely love these diapers! They used these in the hospital and sent us home with some. I had already purchased several different kinds to try but nothing compares to the quality of these.
I've tried several brands of diapers on my daughter early on. After every new brand, I always end up coming back to Pampers Swaddlers. They fit my daughter the best and seem to hug her body, even better is the fact that they usually keep everything in and I don't have to worry about anything leaking down her legs or going up her back. Most importantly I find their value exceptional considering all they provide.
I love swaddler diapers. I am glad they are now available in a size 5.
Love pamper. The swaddlers work great for my child.
My daughter is 19.5 months and has been using pampers swaddler diapers since the day she was born. They fit great, dont give her diaper rash and grows along with her. I love how they go up to size 6! Although my daughter still wears a size 3 its reassuring to know she will be able to use pampers swaddlers until she's ready for potty training!
I love the line that shows if it wet or not. It saves time and also helps so that I don't waste diapers.
No other diaper compares. Best coverage and the blue stripe is great!
My daughter was born weighing 6 pounds 10 oz. these pampers never leaked! Highly recommend them :)
I have a friend that has baby that gets rashes with any other diaper.
As a new mom who is on a strict budget and has tried the competition the swaddlers are by far my favorite. We all have had more than one of those who an I going to do-how am I going to clean up this mess with a baby. With the Pampers swaddlers it's far and few between. They fit my daughter so well I don't have to worry at night about them leaking. She is comfortable in them and I an not going to be using any other brand. My husband came home with Huggies the other day. I made him go back to get Pampers.
I love Pampers' Swaddlers. They've been the best diapers we've used with our son who is now almost 7 months old. We've never had any problems with this product. They're affordable and a better value than other diapers we've tried. My son loves them too!
I'm a first time mom and had pampers swaddlers recommended to me by a friend. I love them and we've had zero accidents or mess using this product. I love them and would definitely recommend them to my friends.
I was given recommendations for Pampers and Huggies before Little was born and got both at my shower. Both are good quality, but 9 months in and Pampers fit the best. I haven't had too many leaks at the waist and never any at the legs. We also only buy Pampers sensitive wipes
One of my three babies has a exclusive love affair with Swaddlers. The Absorb Away Liner keeps his bottom dry so his skin isn't irritated. It still holds quite a bit of volume, which I've come to expect from Pampers.

The wetness indicator is nice, especially when they are newborn. By far the nicest part of this diaper is the way it feels. There's no "diaper sound" (you know that crunching sound some diapers make when you try to cuddle!). It's just a cottony (did I just use that word?) feeling for sweet little tushies.
We love using the Pampers Swaddlers. At first I made fun of the wetness indicator, but now I, and my husband, love it! It makes it so easy to see if our little one is wet!
I have been using Pampers since my baby was born and never have problems with it. It has great absorbency and I just need to change his diaper once at night.
I love Pampers Swaddlers. It's the wetness indicator stripe that I like the most; Very convenient when you don't know if baby is wet.
The fit is always perfect. Even with nighttime squirming the straps don't slip loose which means no leaks, yah!
They are pricey, but you get what you pay for. Trust, these diapers are worth every penny!
The wetness indicator is such a great feature. It's really handy for the first time parent who is still learning their baby's cues. The diapers absorb a lot too, which makes sleeping through the night easier for our little one. The last, but not least, thing we love about Pampers Swaddlers is the texture! Other brands feel like really stiff paper, while Swaddlers feel super soft. We can definitely see a difference when our baby goes from wearing any other brand besides Swaddlers- our little one is just more comfortable in these diapers.
I absolutely love these diapers! They're hands down the best compared to the huggies we received from the hospital! Can't wait to try more pampers products!!
So wonderful, the only diaper that doesn't irritate my little ones bottom
Best diaper around, no leakage and fits perfect! My baby girl seems to be comfortable in the pampers! Amazing!
Pampers Swaddlers are the best diapers for parents who want a quality product for their infants. They keep wetness away and are great at preventing leaks. They smell nice and are pleasantly soft to the touch too.
I love this diaper! The mesh on the inside provides a nice barrier and keeps my baby dry. I have used other brands and this is by far the best diaper out there!
I wish pampers provides cheaper plant based diapers that are safe on babies skin and still retain the indicator.
Love this diaper - so glad to hear it is in larger sizes now too!!
Great quality and amazing fit all at a wonderful price.. Always prefer pampers over anything else
My daughter has been on Pampers since she was born in the hospital. We are using size 4 swaddlers and we cannot imagine using anything else. Swaddlers keep my daughter dry and very mobile. Till this day she hasn't had an accident over night. We are really happy with Pampers Swaddlers and we recommend them to any parents!
I love pampers swaddled diapers. They fit perfectly and they don't leak.
Perfect diapers for my baby and her sensitive skin! Cost a little more than other brands but you get what you pay for!
These are great diapers. They always stay dry. These are the best diapers I have ever bought. I would definitely recommend to everyone.
Pampers diapers are made with love and smell so good.
Pampers diapers fit my daughter perfect, they don't sag and have wonderful absorbency. I have tried about 6 different brands of diapers and will only use Pampers!!
Diapers are something that I am really picky on. It is important that they are comfortable but also offer protection. We have found that Pampers Swaddlers Diapers offer both great protection and comfort with their soft design. This product has been used in our home for years and is highly recommended.
absolutely love pampers swaddlers...they are the softest and most absorbent diapers we have found
Tried every kind these are unmatched! There are a perfect fit, with few blowouts.
I just love these diapers. I have tried all different brands of diapers and I keep coming back to Pampers. I like the swaddlers the best because I feel like they are more comfortable for the child. They just seem to fit their tummy and legs and butt better.
Love these diapers would highly recommend to anyone.
These are very good diapers. Very absorbent and keep baby dry. They do not leak also
GREAT PRODUCT LOVE THIS.ALREADY USING FOR BOTH OF MY CHILDREN
I love the pampers diapers because they don't leak and can last while we are traveling or the baby is sleeping
I use these with all three of my children and they were a great fit. Never leaked through. Of course when nursing the bowls are runny and it happens. This is a great product.
Super absorbent, love the wetness indicator I don't use any other diaper!
Pampers Swaddlers are my go-to diaper. Love the wetness indicator line!
We have a son, we stocked up on Pampers swaddlers before he was born. They are what our hospital used and they are great. We have no leaking issues or skin sensitivity issues. I highly recommend them.
I have used Pampers for all 3 of my children. They are the best
Super soft diaper! A little bit expensive but great!
I have been purchasing papmpers diapers and they are of great value, absorbancy, and don't rip easily. I love the swaddlers and the yellow line that turns to blue when wet is a great added on bonus. It helps so even if slightly wet, child can be changed quicker helping to relieve rashes from forming. It would be great if the swaddlers diapers went up to a size 6 and 1t on as my child will be in size 6 soon.
Great product; no complaints; used it for my son since birth.
This is our go to diaper! We know what we are getting with Pampers!
Pampers Swaddlers are diapers I can trust. They fit my girls, who are on the skinny side, and I know they won't leak. Swaddlers are gentle, soft, and strong. We love Swaddlers!
While the sensitive version of these are nice, they weren't needed for our daughter's skin. The "tape" on these is much easier to use than the sensitive version as well.
I love these diapers there great the absorb everything no leaks overnight leaks don't happen and they're very comfortable on the baby
My son loves his Swaddlers. They fit him snugly, but comfortably, and they can hold up any mess. Even his late night ones. He's learned to start helping me with his diaper changes, and always smiles whenever I pull out a new diaper for him. I get a great price, as always, and my son never has to worry about running out. He just keeps rolling and scooting along. :)
These work well! Love them! My baby has never leaked out of them, and they absorb a lot!
We were first started on Pampers Swaddlers while in the hospital after having our baby girl and loved them right away. So soft, and the fit was perfect! Our baby is still wearing Swaddlers to this day, now in size three!
I had chosen pampers since the day I found out I was pregnant and have been so satisfied with them and will continue buying them until my son is out of diapers the quality and price is great.
We received a generous supply of diapers prior to our baby's arrival. Through trial & error we quickly discovered pampers swaddlers fit our little man the best. Now we just need to figure out how to exchange the other brands for the Pampers we love!
I put off trying the Cruisers because of the price. Then one day I ran out of diapers on a trip, and all the store we stopped at had was cruisers(only pampers diapers fit my son's shape, and don't leak). They where the best diapers we've ever tried, and we haven't used anything else since. We even stopped buying overnight diapers, because the cruisers are more absorbant. Also, they don't irritate his skin overnight like other diapers. We love pampers.
My daughter has been here for 7 weeks and I have tried other brands but pampers is by far the best. It has an AMAZING leak guard protection and instead sticking my fingers in her diaper or shoving my face in her diaper too see if she peed all I have to do is look for the blue line. I rate pampers a 10!
These diapers are the only ones my little one doesn't leak through. They fit very well.
I have used Pampers Swaddlers with all three of my children! I love how soft they are. My babies were happy, very rarely had diaper rash, didn't leak out of the diapers which equals one happy mommy! Highly recommend!
Great fit, wetness indicator, and amazingly absorbent. Our son is totally dry when the diaper feels full of water. Really impressive product.
We love pampers swaddlers. They fit amazingly and we never have any leakage! I've tried other brands and have never had any luck with them so now we are a dedicated pampers family!!!
After becoming a mom we went through a few brands of diapers to determine the one we liked best. I kept coming back to Pampers Swaddlers after trying a few others. The wet strip was nice when my daughter was a newborn, and I didn't necessarily know how often to change her diaper. The diapers did not cause any irritation to my daughter, fit nicely, and did not leave any flakes like some diapers did. My daughter sleeps through the night in these diapers and we do not have any leakage issues. I love that I can collect pampers rewards too! It's nice to receive something to show a companies appreciation for loyalty.
We have used Pampers Swaddlers from day 1 and will continue to use until she is potty trained.

I had the opportunity to try other brands but they in NO WAY at all fit her as well and certainly wasn't as absorbent. These diapers are worth the cost!!
My son is 2 and pampers are the only diapers I will buy
I love Swaddlers. They are an awesome fit. The baby hasn't had any leaks with these.
I have used Pampers for all 3 of my kids & have never been disappointed.
The swaddlers line from Pampers is a great introduction to the world of diapers. They are soft, easy to use and absorbent. I have never had an issue with leaking and my kids always appear to be comfortable in them.
I don't need over night diapers for my LO, just a regular pamper does her just fine all night long!
Pampers always provide great protection against leaks. The children love the Nick Jr. chracters.
My son likes his diapers better than his new lightning mcqueen undies! I think he knows how comfy they are!
Swaddlers are fantastic! They absorb moisture very we'll and are very stable!
I use pampers since my first child, and we love it, try differnt brand if diapers before but still love pampers,it never leaks.
These diapers are wonderful, but with a circumsized boy the diaper worked so well his little boy part that had the medicine on it would stick to the diaper. My son is 6 months old and I still use the diapers.
The soft and absorbent diaper was perfect for my newborn. I loved that swaddlers became available in bigger sizes!
My daughter has been in Pampers Swaddlers since the moment she was born. They are amazing. They are soft, absorbent, and we have had no problem with leakage. We especially love the wetness indicator for late night diaper checks. I would recommend them to anyone with a new baby!
Love these diapers especially the color changing strip to let you know they are wet. They fit great also.
I've had 4 children over a period of 15 yrs & 8 of those years I always had 1 kid in diapers then I had a nice long break & then started all over. There was never a ? for me what brand to use, it was always Pampers & one of the main reasons why was my children had the least amount of blow outs when using Pampers. All the other brands we tried I was changing twice as much if not more which wasted the diapers & made laundry increase greatly. A lot of times there was more on the clothing then in the diaper. With Pampers things stayed where they should be & used the diaper up which helped out $ wise, stress wise & laundry wise as well.
Swaddlers is our favorite because of the softness & the wetness detector line but also how everything passes through the liner & continues to leave a dryness feeling on our baby. Also much less diaper rash problem, however $ wise the better deal is the Baby Dry, you get lots more diapers for the same price but sometimes it's harder to tell how wet your baby really is but again a better value. Regardless you can't go wrong with Pampers! Thanks Pampers!!
These are my favorite diapers for my newborn. They not only prevent leaks, but they are very soft. I tried other brands of diapers in search for something slightly cheaper but they didn't feel soft and comfortable for my baby.
The pampers swaddlers are by far my favorite diapers. I have used other brands before and the quality, dryness, and absorbancy just doesnt compare to pampers.
Yes this is the Best product for my little one's, I'm a First time mom and with TWINS AT THAT!! I Don't use no other Diapers than PAMPERS!!
Ever since my son started going longer then 4 hours for naps and night time sleeps I moved from swaddlers to baby dry. We LOVE them - he sleeps 10-12 hours throughout the night.
Highly recommend pampers swaddlers.. It is all I have bought for my 4 month old since birth .. They fit great.. priced great .. all around perfect !
I have tried different diapers including huggies and they ALL leak. Except pampers. I'm a pampers for life kind of mom!!
This is all I bought when my baby was newbrn. They were soft and fit well. They kept him very dry.
Love the new look and the quality fabulous!!! I super love it keeps my baby dry and not very bulky just amazing over night keeps my baby dry !!
Love Pampers. My toddler and my newborn use them. I like the way they absorb and how dry my babies bottoms stay.
My daughter was hospitalized the first two months of her life due to her being premature. The hospital used your brand and u continued to stick with it. I tried a different brand and did not like it too much! I love swaddlers!
Pampers Swaddlers are the only diapers I will put on my son. They're the only diapers that don't make him break out and don't leak.
I love the wetness indicator! It is a sure sign when my son needs his diaper changed and why he might be a little fussy.A quick look and you know if it needs changed!
Pampers swaddlers are awesome! They fit great never had a leak for either of my girls. We have used them 4 years now & never had 1 issue with them.
Pampers is the only diaper you should buy for your child. Their absorbency is amazing and I've used nothing else ever since my son was born 17 months ago. They are so reliable and keep the wetness locked away from his delicate skin.
This is perfect for my heavy wetter. Never have to worry about leakage or messes, which is perfect for busy moms!
Overall I am very happy with Pampers products. Of course there is always room for improvement the Pampers diapers are one of the most expensive diapers, compared to competitor brands. Even with using coupons on pampers products I still find my price per unit is higher.
I just love how they fit, the indicate wetness and absorb
I love Pampers, I have tried other products and always come back to Pampers. These are the only diapers both my kids have been able to use because other diapers cause them to get irritated.

I love them.
I have used only pampers products for my son since the day he way born. We briefly tried Huggies but they immediately broke my son out in a rash and we discount ones use. We received a pack of luvs diapers and the fit was terrible and they were not very absorbent. I am a pampers momma through and through and recommend them to all my new mommy friends!
It really help to a mom. The pampers do the job it really absorb the witness n the baby sleep good when his using panpers
I loved Pampers Swaddlers for my twin boys for the first year. After trying Huggies and Luvs, I decided Pampers Swaddlers were the best. At the point the boys reached a year old, the Swaddlers didn't hold their urine as well so I switched to another brand that did.

My twin girls are 6 weeks old and i am using Pampers Swaddlers for them as well. We will see if i have the same issue at 1 year.
I LOVE these especially with the wet color changer. This was a pleasant surprise for my third baby boy. They are so soft almost like cotton and fit very well.
Pampers Swaddlers have the best absorbancy of all diapers I have ever tried. I am glad they now are offered in larger sizes especially!
Pampers give you all the quality you need great fit for your baby and holds so much I've tried many brands but definitely this one has out won all of them !!
Have used pampers since the day she was born and never have been disappointed!
We use/used these diapers for both my boys. Very little diaper rash in any.
Pampers pampers pampers! I love pampers! This is by far the best product out there for babies. It is the only product I will use with my son. Nothing else compares to this product. I love the fit and the wetness indicator!
Really enjoy pampers swaddlers the fact that it has the line on it to tell u when its time for a changing
The swaddlers pampers are by far the best ones that i have seen. My 18 month old has been using them since he was born. They fit him perfectly, and most of all, no leaks.
I got so many different brands of diapers at my baby shower with my first son and I had no clue which to use or which were best...Our hospital used pampers and that's all he has used since day one! I love the way they fit him. I also loved having the wetness indicator! all in all I love pampers and I am going to be using them with baby number two! No way will I ever go to a different brand.
This was my baby's first diaper and I love them especially the wetness indicator
Our friend had a diaper shower for us & we received a ton of brands. We used Pampers Swaddlers in the hospital & then used up what we had at home. Time & again we had issues with other brands & we kept returning to the Pampers. Now we have exchanged all the others so we are a Pampers only household!
The wetness indicator is the best part of this diaper, especially when they are newborn and it's hard to tell if baby is wet or dry! Soft, good quality.
To be honest, huggies used to be the way to go.Even before I was pregnant with my first child, who truly is a miracle baby, I Always had my mind set on using huggies trusted name brand (only the best for my baby)
When my baby was born I stocked up on the little red bags, b
I realized real soon, I was wrong.
On the very first bag and by the second diaper change, somehow I got soaked in a puddle of urine while holding him. I mean a Puddle! It was as if he wasn't wearing a diaper at all!
When I felt his bottom for a change the diaper was barely wet I couldn't understand. So I checked to see if maybe the diaper was too loose around the legs or waist but it was literally so tight it left red marks. This mishap happened more than once with this brand. I am still baffled at how that could've happened. I ended up calling customer service to complain & receive compensation for the money I waisted. They did end up refunding my money, in fact they doubled it for my troubles. Still.. NEVER WILL I EVER USE NOR RECOMMEND huggies brand at all.
I was so pleased, in fact amazed at how full (my new favorite diaper) Pampers had gotten without losing a single drop!
Pampers will now be the absolute ONLY brand I will ever use.
Way to go Pampers! Thank you for caring enough about your product to make sure it does what its supposed to & keep my precious miracle child dry & comfortable. He's not even uncomfortable in a full diaper! He never cries for a diaper change now!
Your Amazing Pampers! Thank You!
I love this product so much! I don't use anything but the brand Pampers
I have three boys and I've tried other diaper brands and seriously this is the best brand. Other brands seems to leak more or feel stiff and scratchy. I love Pampers!
I love these diapers! They are super absorbent and my son seems to be very comfortable in them.
Pampers keeps my baby dry and happy, even over night. we wouldn't use any other brand. The fit is always right even as she grows.
I have 2 kids and by the time I had my first baby, I really didn't know what diaper will be ok for him.
So when I was in the hospital, the hospital had pampers..I love the way my baby felt comfortable in it. I really loved it and I got stuck with it. It was one time and it was really an emergency reason I used other brand causing rash to my daughter (my second baby) since that day I just confirm myself I don't change pampers for any other brand. I have everything from Pampers since the diapers all of sizes to the wipes.
I won't ever change nothing for it.
I just love pampers!!!! =)
We only use Pampers Swaddlers on our 7 mo old. She's very lean (born at 29w, spent 3 months in NICU, still only 12.5 pounds), and most other diapers won't fit her snugly around the thigh.

Swaddlers are the softest, most absorbent, and (for us) by far the best fitting diapers.

I love the wetness indicator, although on my most recent box the indicator was very faint and almost never turned blue even when the diaper was very heavy with urine. We've gone through about 6 large boxes since she came home, and this is the only batch with which we've had this issue.

They used Swaddlers at the NICU, so when she came home I was already familiar and comfortable with them. And I knew she wouldn't have any allergic reactions to them.

I made a diaper cake out of Swaddlers for my SIL's shower. She's having a large boy, but hopefully they will work for her too!
Swaddlers are my favorite! Soft and a great fit for my little one. I also love the wetness indicator - it's a nice feature.
We love the wet indicator on these diapers! They are super absorbent so we don't worry about waking him once he's fallen asleep just to change a slightly wet diaper. These are our favorite!
I used swaddlers with my newborn. They were great. He slept through the night at a young age and they never leaked from an 11 hour night sleep. I would recommend these diapers to my friends and family and I will use swaddlers with my next baby.
I love pampers swaddlers diapers. They fit my son really well and we have never had a problem with leaks while wearing them! We also love the sensitive wipes, they are so soft and gentle on his sensitive skin.
I have been using pampers diapers since my baby., Who is now 4 1/2 months, was born. It was the brand they used in the hospital, so I trusted it at home and it has definitely exceeded my expectations,
Swaddles are by far my favorite pampers product, and My daughter seems happy in them! We have yet to experience a "blow out" in the 7 months using swaddlers, excellent at night, and very happy they now go through size 5! Awesome product!
Great absorbancy and soft clothlike material for your little ones delicate skin.
I love all Pampers products! It's all that I ever use!
I have tried a few types of diapers, so far Pampers Swaddlers meet my baby needs the most. Thanks Pampers for such a great product! I am from Europe and in my country (Romania) this brand is very popular, no wonder why.It is the best!
I used pampers swaddlers for my twin boys when they were newborns. It was the hospital recommended brand and I can see why. They kept my boys dry. I also appreciated the notch for the umbilical cord in the diaper waist. It made it more comfortable for them while they healed.
I love the swaddlers for my babies when their small, they are soft have the cord cut out, the blue wet line indicator and can hold through all night!
These fit the best of any of the diapers we've tried. They also keep wetness pulled away from my daughter's skin.
I used these with my son and my daughter. The only diapers that don't leak or cause skin irritation....Love them!!
We have tried other brands, but we always prefer swaddled. We are very happy that they now come in bigger sizes. They are so soft for my little one, and they keep him dry.
All I use is papers mu son is 4 months and I have never had to change his clothes because of a diper leak
I just love Pampers diapers! They are always soo absorbent and never leave my son with rash or marks on his skin. I have tried every other diaper out there and nothing will ever compare to Pampers!
Pampers swaddlers are our go to diaper. They stay dry and fit our twins beautifully. They are a great value and so soft!
We were given a variety of diapers at our baby shower and Pamper Swaddlers are by far our FAVORITE!
Love them !! I didn't have any problems with them.
I have three kids they all started out in pampers swaddlers. My first was born in 2010 and they only went up to size 3 I was disappointed. I wanted to use them for his first year. I would recommend them they have great fit.
i love theses diapers. i always use this brand because it fits my daughter so well .
Comfortable fit for the lil one, especially a very active child.
Pampers are my favorite diaper brand, compared to all other diapers. They hold up 12+ hours at night while my son is sleeping, rarely does he leak through. I would highly recommend pampers to friends and family.
We loved the yellow line when our baby was a newborn and as we've grown the fit and absorbency is fabulous!
I've been using since my baby was born
And I won't stop. Pampers is by far the best brand out there.
We got a lot of different brands at the baby shower and my wife did not like any of them but Pampers.. So that is what we use all the time now... we love them
Pampers makes such great diapers that I have not had to deal with buying overnight diapers- I just use Pampers the whole day!
Love pampers wetness indicators & pampers sensitive wipes.
Great diaper for the newborn. Fits well on even the smallest babies. Keeps babies dryer longer and are more absorbent than Huggies.
Since my twins were born they have been Pampers babies. Hospital recommended them, so it seemed like a no brainer to me. The Cruisers are yet another great product of the Pampers Line.
After trying a few different diapers (Huggies, Luvs, a few store brands) we tried Pampers Swaddlers and were hooked. They were the only diapers that didn't bother her sensitive skin. She has since grown out of Swaddlers but we haven't left Pampers.
Pampers have always been my first and last choice for my babies.
Swaddlers are the only diapers that we will buy! They are the only diaper that my son does not leak through, even through his 10 hour nights!
Absolutely love these diapers! Have tried other brands but these are my favorite! Worth every penny
Love pampers only kind my kids can wear!! Fit good and absorb great!! I would deff recommend!!
They are a really good product!! I would definitely buy this product
I highly recommend this brand to any new mother, and I mean any!
I like it,every night I just change two times for my baby, and it still keeps baby's skin dry. I think it's the most comfortable product for my baby. I am the first time mom, the yellow line in the diaper also makes me know when and how often to change, I like this.
We used Swaddlers exclusively (after some trial and error) for our daughter in her first four months. She was born tall and lean and has remained lean. Swaddlers was a great diaper for messy breastmilk poops, because it caught the mess at the leg elastic bands much more frequently than other diapers. The wetness indicator was a great help for DH to learn how frequently she needed changed. And a pleasant scent too.
The swaddler diapers let your babies precious bottom move to its own groove. My grandkids love their grandpa and when he is watching them he doesnt like to open the side of their diaper to see if they have something in side, all he has to do is look at the indicator and see when the are wet, especially with my grandson, so he dont get a surprise in his eye. They are great for watching your kids grow.
Love, love, love pampers!! Been using these since newborn and love the quality I get out of these diapers!
I love pampers they are amazing! They fit wonderfully for my children.
I love pampers brand. The best part is the wetness indicator. My baby stays dry and sleep through the nigjt i love them!!
I have tried other brand diapers on my little girl and we always go back to pampers. They fit my daughter the best and I haven't had any blow out diapers. I love pampers and so does my little girl. I am so glad that pampers made another size diaper too. :-D thank you pampers for being one of the best products for my baby. And I recommend other mommy's use pampers on their babies :-D
I have tried every brand of diaper on the market for both my kids - a girl and a boy. The Osmpers Swaddkers are by far and away my favorite for fit & absorbency. Blow outs in these are quite rare, which got a Mom of 2 under 2 is GREATLY appreciated!!
These diapers are super absorbent and have a comfortable fit. They are very soft too.
I absolutely love pampers swaddlers! They are the best diapers ever! My son rarely ever has problems with leaks and he pees a LOT. The only thing that I have been having a problem with is lately one or two diapers won't be useable because the sticky part to keep secure onto the diaper isn't attached.
Pampers are very dependable. You can guarantee there won't be any leaks!!!
These are the best diapers ever! They are soft and absorb a lot. I will never use anything else. My baby stays dry and comfortable even throughout the night. The blue line indicator is a great tool to have as well. Way to go pampers!
I absoutly lovvvvve these diapers for my little one!
Love these diapers! I've used these since my daughter was born and she is now 7 1/2 months old. Best feature is the wetness indicator on the front of the diaper which turns green once the baby wets the diaper.
my baby remains dry for atleast 10 hours at night it has very good absorbency keep it up Pampers (Y)
Awesome diapers and products ! Pampers is all I will ever buy!
I am in love with pampers swaddlers..
They are definitely worth every penny!
Great diaper for the first few months! Color change wetness is perfect for new moms!
Our little family loves these diapers. They're soft, never irritate baby's bottom, and we LOVE the "Absorb Away" liner - keeps the little one from getting soaked during the night. Tried other brands and nothing compares!
My 10-week-old son has never leaked through a pampers diaper, yet leaked through every Huggies diaper he ever wore!
These are by far my favorite. Papers diapers. My daughter woke up dry and clean. They move with her body and are soft on her pushy.highly recommended
I love my Pampers swaddlers and I was so excited when the extended to size 5!
I have triplets and we love pampers! We tried some of the other brands, but with changing three diapers several times a day they didn't make the cut. The Swaddlers had a better fit and absorbency than anything else we tried. Now that the girls are up and moving, and sleeping through the night, we have switched to baby dry and are just as happy as before!
I have tried other brands of diapers but pampers are the best. They are a perfect fit for my baby i have used them for both my children and i would never buy anything else.
A great diaper, my baby has been using baby Swaddlers since she was born, she is almost ten months and we have never had a problem with leakage and diaper rash. I would recommend it to all moms that are concerned with their infants sensitive skin!
My son is 1 now and from the day he was born i have only put him in pampers. The fit is perfect and he never has a leak. I really like the strip as i know immediately when he has peeped and i can change him and avoid rashes. I would not buy another brand.
I have tried many brands and none have amounted to Pampers.
I stock up on swaddled because they are gentle on my babies skin and I love the wetness indicator to let me know when to change her diaper. The swaddlers can hold a good amount because my daughter can go almost through the night with swaddlers.
My son has only work Swaddlers since birth because of how soft they are. The line on the diaper that indicates when the diaper is wet is also very helpful.
We love diapers. We tried other brands but we agreed to go back to diapers swaddlers. We love the blue line that appears when she is wet.
My baby has been in the NICU since birth (almost 11 weeks now) and they are using the Pampers Swaddlers on her. They are fantastic! They fit really well, keep everything in and keep her nice and dry.
Swaddlers fit snug around my son and prevent leaks! They also have the wetness indicator which enables my husband to know when the diaper needs to be changed without having to stick his hand in there! We LOVE them and recommend them to everyone we know!
Great diapers! Wouldn't use anything but Pampers!!
ITS ABSOLUTY GREAT FOR NEWBORN! I HAVE TWINS AND I USED A LOTTTT
The Color-changing wetness indicator is great! My husband and I enjoy how soft they are - no diaper rash with this baby!
Pampers are a awesome brand of diapers and wipes, their totally soft and comfortable for a babies bottom their also more absorbent than huggies or the leading brand. I buy them all the time for my daughter and she absolute loves them. I totally tell my friends to buy them too. Keep up the good work pampers, your doing great !!! ;)
I believe swaddled is by far the best. Especially compared to their Dry brand
I would recommend Pampers Swaddlers. These are very soft on baby
This is my first child and i wasnt sure what diapers i wanted to use but te hispital i delivered at helped me decide they ise pampers there and i got introduced to them! I love them everything about them the umbilical cord notch the indicator on it lets u no makes it so much easier to see they need changing!! Overall i am a very satisfied customer and honestly wouldnt recomend anything else!! Ive seen family and friends try other brands came out with bad results from rashes to not holding what it should!! But pampers does it all and does it well this brand is simply amazing!!
I used Pampers since my baby was a newborn, most definitely recommend it it works great. The wetness indicator is what I like the most
I love how well pampers swaddlers for newborns have the netting to help hold everything in my daughter is now in size 2 and i wish these diapers had the netting as well. And she rarely ever leaks through with these. I also loved the wettness indicator and i wish all the diapers had that!
Great for new parents that need that extra reminder.
All in all great product! My favorite ..softness and absorbency
I've used Pampers for both my children. I've tried Huggies and other brands but have stuck with Pampers.
This is the only diaper I buy for my 4 month old son and I absolutely love how dry he stays at night because he sleeps 11hours at night
I like using pampers products for my 2 great nieces and great nephew. They keep them dryer, which helps to prevent diaper rashes. They fit well so there are no leaks, which is important since 2 of them are running all around the house now. They appear to be a good value for the cost although their parents are supplying the diapers since I am sitting for them for free.
These have been the best diapers I have used. Coming from a new mom believe me, I've tried every brand, and Pampers has been best so far. =)
We had a few nights of our son waking up soggy. Finding Pampers Goodnite Diapers immediately solved that problem.
Love these diapers so much! They are really soft and keep my baby dry. The wetness indicator is great, you save time because you can tell right away if the baby needs to be changed.
Pampers Swaddlers kept both of my boys dry and comfortable! These diapers are super soft, so they are not irritating to sensitive skin, and leaks were simply not an issue. I would highly recommend these diapers to all new parents, and any parents who are not satisified with their current diaper!
I love the wetness indicator, I wish all the pamoers size n and up had these! I love love love the netting inside too!!
My little boy is five months now, and we started off using pamper swaddlers from the get go! I absolutely love them, they fit him perfect, he's never leaked out, and let me tell you he has had some pretty hefty "loads" and not once was it ever an issue! I will cont. to use pamper swaddlers with him and with my next baby! :)
Never had a leak. My daughter is so comfortable in pampers swaddlers.
I personally love these diapers, they are my absolute favorite. My son is so comfortable in them, they don't irritate hi. And they absorb a lot more than I thought.
I love pampers swaddlers diapers. Their soft and easy for first time mothers because they have the color changing indicator which tells you when the diaper is full and needs to be changed. I used to use swaddlers diapers for my son and it was really helpful since im a first time mother. I would definitely recommend this product to any first time mothers.
Pampers worked perfect for both my boys. Love Swaddlers, they were always an excellent fit.
Great diaper! Keeps baby and bedding dry all night.
Ive tried many other brands of diapers and non compare to Pampers. I love the baby powder smell on the diapers and the absorbency is great too. The yellow line that indicated the diaper is wet is soo useful!
We use swaddlers during the day. The cling to her and keep everything in that should in but, don't restrict her movement. She can roll and bounce and play with no worries of the dreaded diaper explosion. We have tried just about every brand of diapers and once we used Pampers we were hooked!
As a mother three, buying diapers is nothing new for me. I I have been doing it for years. I believe pampers has the best overall protection compared to store brands. The wipes are also great.
Our baby has experienced the worst of tummy problems, from constipation to blow-outs and these diapers are by far the most protective!
I am very pleased with this product. My daughter rashes out very easily but since these diapers keep her dry, it has helped her to heal.
My daughter is a premie and even at 22 months old I love the way swaddlers fit her tiny shape.
we have been gifted several different brands of diapers and our little girl messes through each of those! we are devoted fans!
The fit of Pampers Swaddlers diapers is perfect for my little one. A lot of others we have tried don't fit around her legs as well as Swaddlers; they are either too loose or too tight. These are the best diapers for us!
I love the swaddle fit. my little girl has legs that dont stop! its hard to find a good diaper that works with that.
I have used other products and they have leaked around the edges. I have used Pampers and so far haven't had a leak! They are also not as rough as other brands I have used! Love them!
My husband and I are very pleased with the Pampers Swaddlers. . We like how it fits our little guy. We would highly recommend this product to all our friends who are starting to have kids.
My family has always used pampers swaddlers & pamper wipes for our babies/kids.......Never had any issues with pampers :)
I have found the Pampers diapers to be the best fit for our lil peanut. We have the least amount of blowouts and we love the wetness indicator!
Really like the fit of these on my newborn. The absorb away liner does a great job of keeping wetness away from his skin. First got them at the hospital when we delivered and while we tried another brand when later admitted to Children's Hospital, quickly went back to Pampers.
The fit is great and I love the wetness indicator.
Great quality diapers! I've been using these for my 6 week old daughter and loving them! It's easy to tell if she's wet and we've yet to have a single blowout diaper. I would definitely recommend these to new moms!
Great quality as usual! :) These diapers are super absorbent and flexible.
I love Pampers Swaddlers. They are a perfect fit for my lil one. I love the wetness indicator...it keeps the guess work out of changing diapers!
Pampers Swaddlers are great diapers for babies of all ages. They are soft and very absorbent. I really love the leak indicator. It helped me when I had to keep track of my baby's wet diapers.
I love these diapers for infants. Their dryness factor does not hold up to Pampers Cruisers or Baby Dry. However, when a baby is not sleeping through the night these are great diapers due to the wonderful indicator!!
Swaddlers do not leak like the other brands and they fit perfectly with room to wiggle.
Awesomeness I really love these diapers all the other ones I use leak!
love the pampers swaddlers! sooooo glad they make them in bigger sizes now!!
Great product. Super fit and very absorbent. Never any leaks when my daughter wears them. Highly recommend!!
Although the price is a little high, Pampers does absorb water pretty well and fit my infant well.
I love Pampers Swaddlers. Swaddlers are really soft and they have a wetness indicator where a blue line appears so you know when it's time for change..works GREAT when daddy is on duty :)
I really like using these diapers because it's always a good, tight fit on our baby without worrying of any leakage. Huggies has the same weight chart for the diaper sizes, but always seem to leak out which creates extra laundry. Pampers is always the perfect fit. I love the color indicator line because it's very convenient to look at the line if a diaper needs to be changed. I will always use and recommend these diapers!
I love how swaddlers are soft like fabric. The fit is great and looks comfy, unlike other diapers. The color changing stripe is useful too, especially for newborns.
I knew I wanted something soft and gentle for my newborn baby girl, I searched all the brands before she was born and asked every Mom I knew what they thought, and everyone agreed I couldn't go wrong with the swaddlers diapers. They are extremely soft, a perfect touch on a newborns sensitive skin. I love these diapers everything from it's softness to their wetness indicator.
I have a daycare business, two daughters, and all my kids wear pampers! I've been buying pampers for 7 years now.
I love this product. We used to use luvs and my 2 year old would soak his clothes. But not pampers. I would never change diapers again. Love love love these diapers.
Love pampers. They are always soft and are the most snuggly brand I have found.
We used swaddlers for our now 6 year old and loved them even then. when we had our now 2 month old there was no other diaper for us. We have had no issue with the diaper and it has never leaked.
These fit my baby so well. And pampers are the only diaper that he has ever worn. They haven't given us any problems or issues.
My baby loves these diapers, as much as I do. They are so soft. She can move around freely. She sleeps through the night and the swaddlers sure get the job done! Happy baby, Happy Mommy! I definitely recommend swaddlers and pamper products.
We have used every brand diaper on our 3 month old son and pampers are the only ones that fit him properly and hold him together! He can sleep for 8 hours and the diaper is still seemingly dry. We love pampers! Best for baby boys!
I love pampers products. We only use pampers wipes and we use pampers swaddlers and baby dry :) They are a great fit and keep him dry without leaving rashes.
Pampers Swaddlers are soft, absorbent, and have such cute designs. I love the wetness stripe too!
The absorption in these diapers are amazing. My baby rarely cries over having a wet diaper.
Using Pampers for my 2 Kids from past 4 years.Amazing products for kids of all ages
Before we had our son, my husband and I did some research and found most of our friends used swaddlers, at first I was wary because I have sensitive skin and was afraid my son would too. But after trying them, I don't think I will use any other brand.
Everybody told me that Pampers Swaddlers were the way to go when I found out I was pregnant. I'm so glad I took their advice!
Have used these for all three of my kids. We have tried other brands, but Pampers have just worked out the best. We love that they expanded to bigger sizes. The color indicator was very helpful when the kids were infants too.
These diapers are awesome. Soft on the outside with an ultra absorbent inside. They are thin and flexible, not bulky like other brands.
My daughter sleeps so long at night that she was peeing out her diaper. When we switched to the baby dry diapers she stopped peeing throught. Keep in mind she sleeps about 12 hours a night.
I have tried both regular and sensitive! And my baby is always satisfied with pampers diapers!
I love pampers they smell so fresh and keep my baby boys bum dry and the blue indicator is great for my husband lol he says he can't tell if the diaper is wet unless there is a blue live lol
Excellent!! I love the Swaddlers by Pampers. My little girl never gets a rash like with other brands.
My daughter used baby dry pampers from the Beginning of her birth, never got diaper rash, the quality is good as always and we are satisfied.
Pampers swaddlers are the best diapers out there hands down. We have tried other brands on our daughter and pampers fit her the best, absorbed the best, and were the best value for what you are getting. Hands down would recommend pampers to anyone having a baby or toddler in their home!!!
The Swaddlers are ingenious! They take the guessing game out of diaper changing.
Absolutely love them! They fit my daughter so well, aren't sure loose or super tight, they're just right!
Each of my kids were put in swaddlers. I found them the better fit and absorbency than other brands. I also likes the notch cutout for the umbilical cord.
I've been using pampers for my son since day one. This hospital recommended them. I love them, they fit snug & my son has not gotten a rash from them like most of the competitors.
These are the best diapers by far. They minimize the amount of blowouts I get with my newborn. In every other brand, my daughter has had 3X the amount of blowouts. I love the wetness indicator as well. The higher price is completely worth it.
Pamper swaddlers fit my son so good! And the wipes are so gentle & just perfect.I tried huggies but they just didn't do it for me. I'd definitely would recommend pampers products!:)
Pampers is the best! They fit the best and never leak. I have purchased other brands but always regret it! Quality is so important and they are definitely the best.
I use these diapers on my 3 month old son. They keep him very dry and do not leak! I prefer these to the baby dry, because i like the wetness indicator.
Pampers are wonderful! I have a 6 week old and it seems all she does is make dirty diapers!! No worries tho she is always more than happy because she wears pampers. Pampers diapers help keep her drier and the wipes help keep her bottom clean! I recommend the pampers products, they're great!
I love these diapers! I'm a first time mom and having the blue indicator line was very helpful. I can depend on these diapers to keep my son dry and comfortable.
We have tried various brands of diapers, but always come back to pampers! They've been great at every size (we've used nb-4). I'm expecting again and only buying pampers for the new baby!
I have been using pampers swaddlers for my newborn recently and love them. Oddly enough, I love the way they smell and their softness.
I really enjoyed pampers swaddlers when my baby girl was first born because it was easier to tell when her diaper was wet, now tht she is older I really don't need the line because it's pretty obvious when she is wet but I love the fit.
Pampers diapers are wonderful from the quality to the smell to the non-leaking. I couldn't ask for a better diaper!
Pampers diapers are the best the hospital where I am from uses it and we continued to use it for our children at our home. Every child I have was put in Pampers.
These diapers are the softest for a newborn!! Love them
This is my favorite type of diaper. I love the fit and think they absorb the right amount for the size. I wish I could have a swaddled overnight. They are also what my daughter seemed the most comfortable in when she got older and I loved when they became available in bigger sizes!
I use this diaper for my son since he was born. I had no problem since then. Especially wetness indicator is very helpful.
These are our favorites! Love the wetness indicator!
These diapers are the only ones to use!! They adsorb so well! Swaddlers all the way
I would never use any other diapers for my little peanut! They are soft, comfortable and never leak! Pampers Swaddlers are the way to go!
I have bought pampers swaddlers since new born, specially the sensitive skin ones, as my baby was growing, we have tried other brands, but now, she is transitioning to training diapers and at night she wears size 5 pampers swaddlers.
I love pampers! They never let me down, and leak. Worth the cost!
We LOVE swaddlers! Wish they made them in size six!
We love these diapers! They certainly help cut down on diaper rash by keeping wetness away from our baby's skin.
Great product for my son who has very sensitive skin.
Pampers Swaddlers, and just Pampers in general, are an amazing product. They are the only diapers that ever truly absorbed what it said it would. I had less leaks and less messes to deal with than with other diapers. And Pampers always fit my children the best! Love these diapers!
Great product for a babyon the go. I only trust pampers
I love pampers diapers! From experience with other brand diapers they have too much extra material and bad absorbancy. I would for sure recommend pampers diapers to any parents !(:
This is a great product. We have never had a leak, they are so absorbent and the sizes fit great! We highly recommend this product.
I will continue to purchasing the product because it works the best
We started baby K in Swaddlers and discovered at about 4 months old she was ready for Baby Dry diapers. The Baby Dry diapers seemed to do a better job keeping mosture away from her skin. Started in Pampers and we're sold!
Hospital provided me these diapers and I really liked them. As a new parent it takes the guess work out of when to change the baby. The strip turns blue and makes you aware the diaper is wet and a change is needed.
I purchased these up to size 2 and loved them.
We buy swaddlers every time , they're my favorite.
Pamper Swaddler diapers are the very best diaper I'm my opinion. I used them for my first child but they only had a couple of sizes and I really wished them had them in bigger sizes. I now have a 3 month old and I'm really happy they come in bigger sizes now. They fit good, look comfortable for the babies, they don't leak, and have amazing protection against wetness. I'll always buy pampers swaddlers are long as they are available in his size.
We have tried other brands and they do not compare. I like the sensitive swaddlers too but they don't have enough for the price. Still nothing compares to pampers swaddlers.
I havr 3 children from 12 yrs to newborn and i love pampers.
We were introduced to Swaddlers in the hospital and we have tried about 5 other brands since people bought us diapers. We keep going back to Swaddlers!
I love the absorbent and the wetness line that turns blue
They fit my baby like a glove. I especially liked the space at top for the umbilical cord.
I love Pampers! My newborm will keep using Pampers unitl she has no need for them. I couldn't be more satisfied.
Pampers Swaddlers are my #1 pick for diapers. I have tried other diapers, but always come back to my Pampers Swaddlers. The inside is super absorbent and rarely leaks and they hug my baby for a perfect fit. Not to mention I love the cute Sesame Street design =).
I have used other diapers and I always go back to Pampers. My 10 month old has used them his whole life. He sleeps through the night in them, and he wakes up with a heavy diaper.. but he is dry. :)
I how soft pampers diapers and wipes are i love the way they fit every one should buy this product
Keeps my little guy dry all night! I can't believe how well they absorb and don't leak!
I love Pampers. They're better than any other diaper we've used.
I have been usse it since my first boy born on 2011. I will keep use it.
I love using pampers for my two boys. I've tried other products, the cheaper and more expensive brands, but I always go back to pampers. They're my favorite brand to use.
They are the only one that keeps my LO dry. All the other diapers I have use bust open during the night but not the cruisers!! I love them
I have been using Pampers Swaddlers since the day our son was born (he is now 3 months old) and we love them. The color changing wetness indicator makes it easy to peek and see if he needs a diaper change or not. He has not had any diaper rashes and has not made a mess of any of his clothes, as they provide great protection.
I love how Pampers Swaddlers diapers provide that special newborn baby softness throughout my daughters use of diapers. So often, the cotton softness of diapers leaves as soon as children enter size 3 diapers. Just because your child is larger, doesn't mean that they deserve to be placed into a stiff, non flexible diaper covering. Thanks to Pampers offering Swaddlers up through size 5, my daughter can stay comfortable as she grows.
My daughter has been using Swaddlers since birth. They fit perfectly and I love the fact that you can know when the pamper is full. Great quality. Will definitely recommend this product..wait I already did lol
I love pampers and especially swaddlers they seem to fit my baby perfectly and they let me know when she needs a diaper change. I have used other brands before and they did not work they would mostly just leak, pampers are super absorbent. It is the only brand I use.
Great diapers! I love how well they keep my baby dry.
I love the blue line indicator on Pampers Swaddlers that let you know that the diaper is wet and needs to be changed. It is an easy way to check when you are in a hurry!
great product of course! great absorbency i recommend it to anyone!
Pampers are soft, absorbent, and the best diapers!
Pampers have been the best diaper I've used so far!
Great absorbancy when there are explosions. Always helps to have a reliable diaper.
Pampers swaddlers are a great diaper. I have tried many brands and swaddlers are the best. They leave the baby dry and I have not had trouble with diaper rash.
It has unbelievable absorbency. He's only ever had a few days when he's woken up wet.
I have used a few different brands of diapers and I have found that Pampers Swaddlers cannot be beat!!
I love swaddles. Have used them since my daughter was a preemie. They are more absorbant than buggies.
Pampers Swaddler have excellent absorbancy compared to Baby Dry, however Baby Dry fits my son better I believe. I love Baby Dry but they seem to give my son a rash so I use the Swaddlers instead. I just don't like how they seem too tight around my sons thighs. I wish Swaddlers had more of a Baby Dry diaper fit.
Pampers swaddlers diapers are the best diapers for fit and keeping baby dry.
Since my daughter was born, i always used pampers products. It is really good diaper.
The swaddlers are the only diaper I buy for my son. We have tried other brands but they all leak and blowout. Pampers swaddlers is the only kind that holds up.
Pampers are the best diapers. they have great absorbency, fit, keeps our son dry. As our son got to about 2 months old we purchased baby dry by pampers. These diapers keep them drier and night and helps him sleep through the night. We have tried many other diapers he leaked out or was able to blow through. Pampers are built great I would recommend them to anyone!!

Sincerely,

Pampers mom
I received several different brands of diapers at my baby shower. Pampers is the brand with the fewest leaks and my son wakes up dry in the morning were with other brands his clothes would be soaked in urine.
Pampers swaddlers have been the diaper of choice in our family since our baby was born. They are absorbent enough to last all night while continuing to fit great.
I've used with both my children and I trust pampers the most!
We love Pampers products! Other brands do
not compare to the quality you get from Pampers.
I used Pampers Swaddlers for both of my boys. They are absorbent and keep your baby dry. I love the color strip indicator to let you know when you need to change the diaper. They fit very well also much better than the Huggies diapers.
We loved Pampers Swaddlers for our twin boys! They worked great!
Great fit, great protection. I love the soft, cloth like feel of the diapers and the wet strip really helps during the early months when still learning to detect wet diapers. Changing a diaper as soon as it is wet helps keep baby's bottom dry and prevent diaper rash.
We started using Swaddlers cause it's what the hospital used. I had plans of changing once we were home since I got all different brands from my baby shower! However, after trying a different brand our son broke out in a rash. We decided to return the other brands and buy more pampers! Our son is now almost 9 months and I won't use anything but pampers swaddlers!
After trying Huggies and luvs and they both leaked I decided to try pampers swaddlers. They are by far the softest and never leak! I would recommend to everyone :)
I love pampers swaddlers! They fit my daughter perfect and the yellow to blue stripe helps remind me when she needs a change
We were gifted many different types of diapers by family members in preparation for our firstborn's arrival. After testing out several different brands we were given, our preferred choice was Pampers Swaddlers! We returned all the unopened packages we had of other brands just so we could buy more Pampers! They keep everything in and can hold a lot before a diaper change is necessary, which makes us feel like we are getting our money's worth! Thanks Pampers!
Love swaddlers, not a single complaint. I buy these every time I buy diapers.
These are the best diapers. We have tried several different diapers but these are our favorite!
Pampers are the only diapers I will buy after sampling other brands!! I only wish pampers would come out with a more environmentally friendly option. The money is well spent for the quality overall, thank you for keeping my precious Willoe clean & dry!
Pampers are consistently good diapers. I would love to see some elastic put in the back just for a snugger fit.
We have used pampers swaddlers for our preemies who have grown into size 1s and we like them better than other brands. We find Huggies to be more plastic-y smaller? Pampers wins!
Love swaddlers for my son. Super absorbent and much better than any other brand diapers I've tried.
Pampers Swaddlers are my all time favorite diaper! I love the way they fit, the absorbancy, and the value. The best part is that they fit large sizes now too! My son is in a 4, going on 5 and I'm thrilled that he can wear Swaddlers!
My wife held a diaper raffle at her baby shower and we only use the pampers!
Kept baby dry all night. Great product overall. Would recommend.
We used them on Z as a newborn and now as she is growing. She is in Size 4 and we still love them.
I love pampers swaddlers! They keep my son dry and happy!
the diapers are great they dont make you guess if the baby is wet with the color changing line on the diaper
I love the softness of the Swaddlers. They also have a slight fresh smell to me and I love that smell when you open them out of the package. I also like the notification strip. Even if the diaper doesn't feel full and wet, the indicator lets you know there is some soil in the diaper.
The only con I have is it doesn't keep baby completely dry throughout the night, if they sleep though the night. As a NB-3ish mos it wasn't an issues bc my kids would wake up to be fed but after they started sleeping through the night they would wake up with the waistband of their PJ's wet or around the bottom of the leg holes.
These diapers are great. I have used them for both my daughters, now ages 6 months and 2 years. I have had minimal leaks and think they are a great diaper.
Always used pampers with first girl and keeping the same with second. They are the best
The swaddlers provided a snug fit, which conformed to my baby's shape. Plus, the diapers gave added absorbency against wetness.
I love pampers swaddlers! I tried using other brands for my ds, but they would rub his little legs raw. We switched to swaddlers and no more raw legs, yay! So I will only be using pampers for all my future children. :)
great quality. Worth the extra money over generic brands that I end up going through quickly bc they dont hold up.
We tried a couple different brands after our little one was born, but we quickly realized that Pampers worked best for her needs.
These diapers have a softness that I don't feel in other brands. I've found other brands to feel more like plastic. I think the color change strip is great! No question if it is time for a change.
I am a mom on a budget so I buy cheap diapers during the day and pampers for at night. No leaks!
Love pampers diapers. They fit great and never leak.
Since the day I brought my daughter home, as a new parent, I was determined to make sure she had the best of everything - including diapers! Pampers swaddlers were the only diapers I needed to try. We have NEVER had a leak or blowout. She can sleep soundly through the night comfortably dry. These diapers will be the ONLY brand I put on my baby girl. Comfortable for her and practical for me!
Pampers swaddler diapers are great! They definitely keep baby dry by pulling the wetness away from them. I love the wetness indicator that also reminds you when your baby needs changed. Pampers definitely makes good diapers that I highly recommend.
I love swaddlers especially for a new baby with such sensitive skin. They are super soft so we never have to worry about skin irritation. We have never had a problem with absorbency or leaking through. The fit is great. They can be a little spendy though.
They fit great, work great, and have the line to indicate when the diaper is wet. We won't use any other brand.
Pampers products are the best ... There are no other products like them
My daughter is a single parent of two and we wouldn't purchase anything other than pampers brand!
Definitely recommend both swaddlers and baby dry. A+
I love these diapers. I am extremely happy that they are up to a size five now. My son has used these diapers since birth!
These fit great! They are snug and are comfortable.
Great quality as usual!! My baby & I love pampers very much.
They fit great and always work well for my little ones
We tried a few different brands but love how pampers fit and their are really absorbent too!
These were the only diapers that worked for our daughter who was born prematurely. Everything else leaked.
When my son was born, I was a pretty typical first-time mom and everything either grossed me out or had me worried. Luckily, a friend had sent us a whole bunch of these diapers and life was made a little easier: the umbilical cord notch is a great thought, and the wetness indicator was super helpful.
We tried another brand for two diapers worth and quickly went back to Pampers swaddlers. Even when our 6mo old sleeps through the night they are absorbent enough- love it!
These diapers are a great fit and soft for my son!
Many other diaper brands would leak during the night, but we could always count on pampers. Other diapers also may our son break out and have a rash.
Loved the way these fit my daughter and used them from size newborn on. Would absolutely recommend these to new moms!!
We have tried multiple different brands of diapers and by far pampers is the best.
WE love pampers. The wipes are soft, and the diapers fit perfect.
This is the diaper of choice in our house. With two children under two, we buy diapers often and would always pick Pampers over other leading brands.
Best diapers we've used. The sticky tabs don't fold into the middle of the diaper when you are taking off the dirty one. Which leaves them clean when you have to close it up to dispose of it.
I love how the pamper is made to fir around the umbilical cord
Best diapers! My baby has never had a diaper rash!
No tips right now... in a meeting and doing this :)
Absolutely love pampers. The wet indicator is a wonderful idea and the overall fit is great for my son.
I have tried several brands of diapers for my children and Pampers swaddlers surpass them all. While the cost is high comparatively, you certainly get what you pay for. I have rarely, if ever, experienced leaks with swaddlers. They are extremely absorbent and keep my babies dry.
I absolutely LOVE these diapers! I use these and NO other brand for my 4 month old son! He started using these in the hospital when he was born and when we came home and I tried to use other brands, but they do NOT hold up like pampers swaddlers do! I would recommend these to anyone!
Great absorbency throughout the night, now that he's sleeping longer. Also maintains fit during the new rolling stage.
Love them. They last and are comfortable. Glad to buy them.
I have two little ones and all I use are pampers products! They have never failed me and have always kept us free of diaper rashes! Love pampers products!
Great Product compared to other brands that are available
These are by far our favorite diapers! They fit well, don't leak, and are an overall great value!
We've used these from Newborn through size 3. We tried other brands, but our little guy ended up with a diaper rash within a few days of using them. Switched back to the Swaddlers and the rash cleared up. Great product!
We loved using swaddlers especially when my daughter was a baby! One great thing we liked was the color changing line to let you know when they were wet! Pampers fit better than any other diaper for our baby!
Pampers swaddlers are well worth the money that you pay for them and I would recommend them to anyone. They don't leak they fit well and the don't rip when trying to put them on a wiggling baby
Nothing fits my baby as well as the Pampers do! They stay dry and absorb a lot, too!
Pampers swaddlers are the best pampers for your little one I have been using swaddlers since my 4 month old baby girl was a newborn. I have not been disappointed yet. I can tell that my baby is comfortable when she's wearing them. I love the fact that it has the blue line indicator to let you know when your bundle of joy has used the diaper. I have tried other brands and they don't compare. I have even tried baby dry diapers by pampers and I'm not impressed with the quality and they don't have the blue line indicator which can be helpful.
We loved having these diapers for our son when he was a newborn and we continue to use them now that he's 2!
I love Pampers products and use them exclusively on my son. Other brands tend to leak overnight when I've tried them. He stays dry and comfortable all night with Pampers. I also love the way they smell. :) Thanks for making a reliable product!
From day 1 my daughter has worn Pampers Swaddlers. Over the past 5 months I have tried every other brand and I always come back to Pampers. Other brands just don't compare. I do wish the price was more reasonable though.
I started out with another name brand, but switched to Pampers after a couple uses because nothing absorbed as well as the Pampers Swaddlers. I highly recommend Pampers to any parent looking for good quality diapers and wipes. Added bonus, the yellow & blue line helps when checking for wet diapers!
I have been through so many diapers trying to find the perfect one and boy did I find it. I started using them with my firstborn and have used them through two more children and won't try anything else. One word to describe them would be perfect!
We love Pampers diapers and wipes! The only disappointing part is that they can be expensive. They are definitely worth the extra money!
Swaddlers are awesome! It's the only diaper that doesn't cause diaper rash on our baby. We love the wetness indicator on the front for easy changing. Only diaper we trust!
We used these diapers on our newborn and loved them.
Pamper has been my #1 choice for my baby. It has proven to me how good the brand is by making sure my child is comfortable. The brand doesn't and hasn't been a problem like some other brands and that to me is important.
When I first brought my baby boy home, he was wearing Swaddlers. I loved how soft they felt against his chubby little thighs. As he grew, I worried about having to choose a new diaper to use. Then, I saw a commercial announcing Swaddlers would now be available up to size 5. Now, Matty is comfortable and dry through the night and I'm confident that my baby is getting the best diaper he can get!
My husband loves Swaddlers since they tell us when baby's diaper needs changing and Baby Dry night time Diapers really do allow our new born to sleep more comfortably. We both definitely recommend Pampers!
We only buy swaddlers. Our little guy leaked out of every single brand except swaddlers. They're very soft, absorbent, and we have had very few leaks. Hands down the best!
I used these with my son and now with my daughter and they are the best!!! I even tried the baby dry once just bc they were a gift and thought my daughter needed a bigger size but got the same size in swaddlers and that was not the case. The baby dry are smaller fitted and not as soft as swaddlers. My kids are sensitive too but these are the only diapers I'll ever use. I even tried the cheap generic ones, lives, huggies( they were baby shower gifts) And they are all cheap, leak and not soft. I didn't even use them I gave them away. Pampers swaddlers and cruisers are the best and totally with it. My friend uses generic ones and she goes thru more diapers than i do!!!
Swaddler diapers are great and a good value. I would highly recommend to others.
I've been using Swaddlers since my oldest was born, over 3 years ago. I can attest that they work really well for my boys. Great absorbency for the daytime. I also appreciated the color change strip on the front of the diapers during their first few weeks of life.
Produce keeps in wetness for a long time! Soft on baby's button and smells good too! We love this brand specially the wetness indicator
The actual outer material of the diaper is very soft and not rough. The diaper has a nice and soft smell to it.
I love how soft these are compared to other brands.mi don't want my babies to feel like they are sitting on cardboard. They are very absorbent too!
Love this brand!!!!! I don't buy anything else!!!!
Sometimes our baby gets upset with her diaper only slightly wet and it's hard to tell if that's the problem. These diapers make it so much easier.
I love pampers swaddlers and will not buy anything else for my daughter!
Great diaper for hard to fit babies! Would recommend to anyone for their baby
Pampers swaddlers work out great for our 20 month old! We've used them since day one! They're soft, absorbent, and fit great!
No diaper compares to the pamper swaddlers. Def my favorite! Also, I love the little line indictor that let's you know if they did something!
Excellent diapers I will not use anything else!!!!
Love love love these! Wouldn't use any other diaper for my children!!!
I loved the wetness line. You could tell in 2 seconds if baby was wet.
The pampers swaddlers were the only diaper my son didn't leak out of, we highly recommend them
No worries with the Pampers Baby Dry Diapers, not to expensive for a great quality diaper. Seems to work well with my son's extra sensitive skin.
I've been using Pampers for years and wouldn't go with anything else.
We have used Pampers since day one. They were recommended to us by my older sister. We tried Luvs just because we got them as a "shower" gift, but hated them. We will use Pampers Swaddlers for all our children.
Same great quality that I have always and only used.
I have tried other brands, but Pampers is the best in all categories!
These diapers are very dependable and therefore leaks do not happen.
These are the only diapers I'll put on my newborn! They are so soft and fit so well. We never have any leaks!
Great I love them better than other brands! I stick with these from now on!
Pampers provide good products and don't leak like other brands do.
Been wonderful for our baby boy since he was born!! Love the baby dry diapers at night as well... He sleeps 10-11 hours so we need the good protection!!!
These are great diapers, especially for newborns! Very absorbent and keeps baby really dry!
Only diapers my daughter can use without causing diaper rash
Works so much better than other brands. Only brand I trust!
Pampers are one of the only diaper I don't have problems with leaking! Awesome diapers and pull ups!
We prefer the swaddlers because it provides better coverage and less leakage. It is also very soft and comfy for our little one. Compared to the non-swaddler diapers, our family feels like the way the swaddler forms to our little one is snug and comfy and yet enough room for them to move around and absorb everything. It is very noticeable that the swaddler has more surface area rather than the dry which always seemed a bit too snug when out little one is wearing it. The indicator is a bonus to have!
My son was using huggies when he was a new born a few week later irradiation appeared and a bit of a rash, changed to pampers swaddlers awesome!!!
I love that swaddlers now come in larger sizes. They are the softest & my favorite.
We only use pampers and swaddlers are the best for both our kids! Infants and toddlers alike- swaddlers is the way to go!
My baby Just feels Comfortable and happy in pampers. I love the way My little girl gives me smile. Thanks a Lot Pampers
I love the absorbency, the fit, and just everything about it. I was so happy to hear that swaddlers is now available until size 5! I plan to continue buying swaddlers up until my child doesn't wear diapers anymore and I plan to use Pampers Swaddlers for my future kids as well.
We have two month old twins and have tried several brands of diapers before deciding that pampers is what we're sticking with. Other brands leak, don't fit well, and are less absorbent so we will be continuing to use pampers brand until they no longer need diapers. They are a bit pricier than store brands but the difference in quality is worth the extra money.
We have tried other diapers and time and time come back to these. I have twins, so when we buy diapers, we are always spending double, but Pampers Swaddlers are worth it!
These are the best diapers. I have used them since my 2 1/2 year old was born. They are so soft and absorbent.
I use to use another brand, but I will never go back. I love that my child's clothes and bedding stay dry during the night. I never have to worry about waking up to a wet baby. I love the strip in the front of the diapers to indicate when they have wet their diapers.
When we had our daughter, people had bought us ALL kinds of diapers so we tried them all. The Swaddlers are by far our FAVORITE diaper. They're soft, they fit her well, and they KEEP HER DRY which is what is important to us. She's been using them the majority of her 18 weeks and no diaper rash yet! We're sold and will be using these until she outgrows them!
When my baby was born, he was in the NICU for one week. These are the diapers that the hospital used. Trusted by the hospital! We continued using Pampers Swaddlers at home. We loved them!! They're super soft for a baby. They have a cut out for the umbilical cord so that it doesn't get irritated being touched by a diaper. They have a blue line indicaor showing if the diaper is wet or not. Convient for a very sleepy baby! Will definitely use these for our next baby!
These stay dry the entire day. They are amazing! I never worry about leaks every with them.. I always thought diapers are diapers, but no others hold like these do
My son is 10 and I always preferred pampers with him. Now that I have another baby I am back to buying diapers and pampers is still my number one choice.
Love the wetness indicator on these diapers. So much easier to tell if they are wet rather than removing diaper all the way.
We use these at night in replacement of cloth diapers- absorb really well and keep our little one dry until morning. Also great for traveling and road trips!
Pampers Baby Dry diapers are the best ones I have tried. They are more absorbent than the other brands, and don't give my boys rashes or rub against their legs making them sore.
These diapers are as soft as cloth, yet they hold wetness like no other diaper, so that your little bundle of joy can sleep peacefully and comfortable.
Swaddlers are soft to the touch (I found the materials used in some competitors products to be stiff). They were usually absorbent enough to handle anything my daughter threw at them. I would recommend these to those who value quality and performance out their diapers. They might not be the cheapest diaper on the market, but they are definitely worth the price.
This has been our favorite diaper with both of our girls. The fit is perfect and never any leaks. Makes for happy babies and parents :)
I have two kids, a 2 year old and a 3 month old. And when my two year old was a baby I had both Huggies and Pampers diapers as gift diapers. I tried the huggies and they leaked, and I mean bad. Especially overnight, he'd wake up with a wet-through outfit. It was disgusting! But when I used the Pampers I was so relieved after a few nights his outfits were still dry!! Ever since then I've NEVER used any other brand diaper! I use cruisers still for my two year old and swaddlers for my 3 month old and I will only recommend Pampers!!
My 11 month old goes to sleep around 730 and wakes up at 5.... she is never wet, her diaper keeps everything in. Im glad
As a first time mom I received pampers as a gift at my baby shower, but honestly had no clue about the differences between diapers. To me, they were all the same. Now I know the bargain diapers just don't cut it. I tried to take short cuts even when money was tight but it always came back to bite me in the end. With pampers there are never leaks, and they are super absorbent.
With out a doubt the best diapers! Happy that they come in bigger sizes now.
I started off with Pampers bc I got several from baby showers and also got Huggies. I stayed with Pampers bc they fit well and he is always dry!! The Huggies were not leak free in a 12 hr period and they also fit too tightt! I change him before bed, when he wakes the next morning they are dry!!!! The cruisers are great when they start crawling and walking bc it fits so well! I also use their wipes and do the pampers rewards! I highly recommend these to all mothers!
Swaddlers are the softest diaper I've had any experience with. The wetness indicator is great. They're overall a great diaper for our little guy.
Tried different brands and they all leaked through pampers is the only brand that doesn't leak and the fit is perfect
Got these diapers as a baby shower gift and love them
I use Pampers Swaddlers when both of my kids were babies and wouldn't use another brand! The hold absorbency so well and I love the yellow/ blue line!
I love this product for my baby, it is amazing.... no leaks and rashes.
I always chose pampers for my sons it is the best choice I ever made
I've used pampers swaddlers and cruisers for my two sons and daughter other brands can't compare to the protection and great price of pampers.
I recieved many different brands of Diapers at my baby shower, pampers are by far my favorite. We ended up staying in the NICU and all the nurses recommended and used pampers as well!
Love pampers swaddlers.. my daughter is never irritated and has never had a diaper rash.
Swaddlers were the only diapers i used when my girls were infants. I loved the softness of the diapers and the strength and absorbency are next to none.
These diapers are definitely more absorbent than the Baby Dry so they're perfect for our baby's 10-11 hours of sleep at night.
I really enjoyed these diapers...they kept baby dry & really absorbed well. I Also liked the " blue line" soiled diaper indicator, made checking it easier!
Love that these diapers don't have lots of dies in them and are white in color. My baby was allergic to other brands but not pampers swaddlers. Great product and worth the money.
I had my 4th child in August of last year and he was born 17 weeks early. When he was 2 lbs he got his first bag of pampers. Preemie size were big on him but the hospital trusted them. He had very sensitive, frail skin and never had an issue. He is now in size 2 and they fit him well and are very absorbant. He still has sensitive skin and still has no issues. I will not even try a different brand. If the hospital trusts them why wouldn't I.
Excellent diapers for the money. Great fit. Absorbency is great as well. Overnight my child stays dry and has never had wet clothing in the morning due to his diaper. He can move perfect in them and definitely gives them a good run every time he's in one. Love that you get rewards codes for each pack as well
I've tried virtually every diaper available since my son was born 9 months ago and Pampers Swaddlers are by far the best!
My daughter is 8 months old and we use Swaddlers exclusively. When she was born we were given other products but nothing fit her as well or held in the moisture. Since using Swaddlers exclusively, we have had zero leaks! I recommend Pampers Swaddlers to all new moms. Thanks Pampers for such an amazing product!
I'm really not sure how they keep in the bad stuff. My guess is that it's due to the Fit more than anything, which is why we go with Swaddlers.
Pampers have never disappointed me! Used them with my older son and now with my new one.
When our son was born, the hospital used Pampers Swaddlers. We continued to use them until he grew out of them. We did try different brands if the store was out of his size, or if a particular store didn't carry the Swaddlers, but NOTHING else compared to how soft and absorbent they are. He would leak through other brands. The Swaddlers are without a doubt the softest diaper you can get for your little one. Two thumbs up!
These are the only diapers I now but for my son! They keep him nice and dry all night
Great product!!! Would definitely use again and refer to others!!
Best diaper I have ever used both of my kids have used pampers and I have never had a problem with leaks or rash!!!!
I'm a Pampers Mom For Life! I'm a Pampers Mom for all my 2 babies, maybe 3!!!
Our 10 week old has been using pampers swaddlers since day 1. We were given a couple of cases if Huggies that we sent to daycare and they don't seem to compare at all. With all of a newborns needs and all of their cries sounding the same, the color changing stripe helps identify if a diaper change is needed.
Wish they came in size 6. Son has outgrown the size 5 so we purchase the cruisers instead. We hope to be satisfied with that product as well.
I am very happy with pampers...that is the only brand that didn't leak and fit well... But they are also very absorbent ... I used them with all four of my children and I have tried other brands but was not satisfied at all they leaked from the back at night and leaked out the sides.. So I have always loved pampers.
We use Swaddlers for both of our kids, 18 months & 2 months. We tried a few different brands, but always went back to Swaddlers. They fit great, super absorbent and after 100's of diaper changes, we've only had a handful of leaks...mostly our fault too. Love these & give them as gifts all the time.
Ive been using these pampers since my daughter was a new born. I will never go with another brand. These are great.
Love pampers. I wont buy any other brand. These keep my kids dry and I love the way they fit.
I have always been impressed how hospitals choose this brand. Swaddlers are so soft like real fabric, almost forget they are disposable.
So far we've used Preemie, Size 1 and now size 2 in the Swaddlers. We love them! We ran out for a brief time so we used Huggies and that was a big mistake! Pampers seem to hold much more and prevent leaks much better than Huggies. I also love the blue wetness indication line. I would highly recommend these diapers!
I would recommend it to everyone. Very absorbent and fits perfectly
Loved them for the softness. They also didn't get hard when they were soaked.
I tried a few different diapers and pampers is the best. Huggies stayed to wet. I like the umbilical cord notch.
Super quality,I would recommend this product to others.
Love these diapers! My son would leak out of every other brand. Love the line that shows he's wet and also it's so absorbent it will hold his massive poos!
Been using these since our baby was a new born. Every diaper has performed very well.
We loved these when our little guy was small. The yellow lines was ideal!
Used these diapers from the time we brought our baby home until she was about 11 months old. Loved the wetness indicator line which changes from yellow to blue when its time to change. Felt like it saved us alot of unnecessary diaper changes. We stopped using them when she was older because they didnt hold as much volume when she started peeing less frequently. We now use pampers cruisers and love them too!
I used sevrel diaper before I used pemers swaldders. It's just fit my baby, and I like it keep dry
Have been use this for three years and will keeping use of it
I think this product is a great diaper, especially in the newborn size. It is a little more difficult to tell when a new baby needs a new diaper and the indicator line is a big help! Less diapers come in the package than other varieties of Pampers diapers, but worth it in the beginning!
Absolutely love this product! The diapers are super soft!!!
I really like pampers. I would recommend them to anybody. I love the blue line for when they are small and you are stressed and it feels like just one less thing to worry about knowing for sure if they need to be changed or not. It sounds silly but when you are a new mom anything that makes like easier is helpful! And I never worry about leaks. Literally my child has never leaked through a pampers diaper. You can reply on these!
These are the best newborn diapers...love...love the umbilical cord cutout and the wetness indicator! Definitely a must have in those first few months.
I love pampers. The are the only thing I wanted to ise on my baby. I recently tried a bag of huggies but did not like. I will definitely only be sticking to pampers brand.
swaddlers were the diapers they gave me to use on my son at the hospital and out of all the diapers i've tested & tried on my son, these diapers are by far my top choice diapers to put him in. whether it's during the day when he's awake and active, or when he's down for a nap or asleep for the night. i've never had problems and have little (if anything) to complain about with this product. i always recommend this product to my friends FIRST before i suggest anything else!!
We decided even before going into the hospital that we wanted to try pampers swaddlers on our son first. Just so happens that Pampers Swaddlers were what the hospital used as well. Our son did not get a rash from the diapers, they fit him perfectly and are very absorbant. Now that he is 14 weeks old the diapers can hold easily his overnight wet diapers. We will most likely stick with Pampers all the way til potty training is over. :)
As a new mommy of a 10 month old, I have tried every single brand out there. From store brands to Pampers' biggest competition to organic. Swaddlers are the way to go. They're the softest, most absorbant that I've found and the wetness indicator is awesome. My son loves them.
I love these! They're the only kind i use for my son. I've never had a problem with him peeing or pooping out of them, they're comfy, soft, and fit him perfectly!
Love swadlers. They are very soft and felt breathable for my child. They also fit very well unlike other diapers that kept leaking.
I love these diapers! Even at their maximum capacity it's not even the slightest bit wet on the outside. They hold everything in really well too. They are pricey but definitely money well spent.
I had a lot of trouble with leaks at night with my 18 month old son. Tried all types of Pampers even Huggies and Luvs. When I saw swaddlers went to size 5 I was thrilled! They are the best diaper. They really hold. No leaks means a happy baby and a happy mommy! Plus my son has eczema and swaddlers are so gentle and cloth like. So happy we found swaddlers :-) I tell all my mom friends about them.
I wasn't sure what brand to start with let alone stay with and I'm glad pampers has worked for us from new born and now to size 3. Thank you pampers for great quality.
I have tried multiple diapers, Pampers is the best by far. I love the swaddlers, they are soft, fit great, have the wetness indicator, and a notch for the umbilical cord! I love them. I'm forever a fan and loyal customer.
This is by far my favorite diaper. I love the way they fit and the yellow to blue stripe!
I have been buying pampers swaddlers for the past 3 months and I must say I love these diapers! The price are good and the quality is excellent! I never had a blow out diaper and baby has no problem with them! I would recommend to anyone!
Pampers has offered my daughter the best protection. I trust Pampers over any other brand that I have tried.
Holding baby's number 1 works well but both not so much comes out of sides very easily
My 16 month is on the smaller side but now that swaddlers go up to size 5 we'll be good for a while :))
Pamper's swaddlers are the only diaper I will use on my son. They are the best quality for the money.
We love the fit, and the wetness indicator takes the guesswork out of diaper changing!
I've tried every brand of diaper known on my newborn. There is no other diaper that has the fit, softness, quality, and capability to hold in the mess like Pampers does! I've recorded other brands as gifts and took them back to exchange for Pampers!
it's been amazing diapers for baby ...it's really works great for long time..i would strongly recommended to friends
Trusted this product always and will never use another type of wipe besides Pampers brand.
Swaddlers are perfect. They fit very well, absorbe well and whats most important to me, They are very gentle on my baby skin.
These are the ONLY diapers that worked for both my girls!! Huggies, Luvs, etc. - don't even bother.
Great product. Everything that I could imagine wanting in a diaper. Only complaint is the crotch area is a bit long sometimes, depending on where in the weight range they are at.
I love using Pampers Swaddlers. I've tried other brands and Pampers is the only brand for me and my son. Just wish the price was better.
Pampers diapers really save you so much time and money!!! Your really get your monies worth when buying pampers products ;-)
The pamper swaddlers diapers are by far my favorite diapers! I would recommend them to my friends, except we all use them already! I have tried plenty of other diapers. Nothing fits quite like these, and they hold up well between changes!
I have used Pampers from day one. I tried others (gifts) but always came back. The wetness indicator makes things a whole lot easier. No more leaking from the top or legs!
Pampers always the best. I will never use anther one.
These were great as a first time mom, as I could see when my baby peed with the wetness indicator. Also, I feel like pampers hold liquid better than other brands
These are the best diapers for newborns. I'm a mother of 3 so I've tried them all over the years, and pampers diapers are the best. My husband and I love the wetness indicator! They are incredibly soft, and they still feel dry after they're wet. I love the fact that you can buy them in bigger sizes now, too. These are my favorite diapers.
I have used pampers for three months. They are excellent and don't compare to other brands.
This diaper is perfect. My little monster is 4 months now and I refuse to go any other way. I have never had this diaper leak or blow out. The wetness indication is clear and vivid so I know the best time to change him. The diapers are also soft and appear to be comfortable for him: his skin is sensitive and the Swaddlers never have given any sort of irritation. But my favorite thing is that you can adjust the diaper as many times as you want and it will always close securely. My monster constantly kicks while I try to close it up so I am always trying to adjust. But no matter how many times I undo and redo, the flaps never lose their hold and always stay secure. If you also pull a little to much, they never thin or wear, they just retract as if never stretched keeping it secure on him.
Pampers is the ONLY brand I will use for my son! I tried LUVS and Huggies and neither one was as great as Pampers! LUVS even has a money back guarantee! I got my money back real fast! I love Pampers!
Pampers Swaddlers are the only diapers I use. My son is in size 4 now at a year old. They fit him as he grows and moves and they are absorbent. He stays dry all night. I had some issues with blow-outs earlier on, but just moved up a size and it seemed to solve that problem. Overall, these are great diapers.
We have used the swaddlers for our son for 2 years and these are the best for fit and absorbency. Keeping him dry is most important! We've sampled other brands but none compare.
This diaper fits great and keeps my baby dry. And I love being able to see that my baby needs a new diaper just by looking at the wetness indicator.
I had my both of my kids in swaddlers since they left the hospital. They used them until they started crawling. I loved them. We tried other diapers and my kids didn't like them and got rashes. They preferred the feel of the swaddlers and I loved it because it protected their skin.
Swaddlers are by far the best diapers. The cheaper brands don't absorb as well as swaddlers. My son wakes up dry every morning
Worth your money! A lot better than other brands. I like swaddlers over baby dry.
I am a first time mom and I really like pampers swaddlers. All the other brands my daughter peed right through. The swaddlers hold well and do not fall apart easily. I received a lot of huggies for my baby shower and exchanged them for pampers.
Swaddlers have done an excellent job keeping my babies feeling dry and containing messes and odors. The wetness indicator is very convenient. We've tried other brands, but they never work as well as Pampers. They may cost a little more, but they're well worth it!
My baby skin is super sensitive an would not be able to tolerate anything cheaply made. These diapers are soft to the touch and doesn't leave any red marks on his skin :)
Loved the wetness indicator, especially in those early days when wet diapers are so important. Swaddlers are so soft, absorbent, fit my skinny legged little one.
I have tried several brands of diapers and nothing beats pampers swaddlers for daytime use. Only downside is that they don't work well for nighttime use. 5 stars in my book!
As a new mom I wasn't sure where to begin when it came to diapers. I asked around and everyone had their own personal favorites. After doing a lot of research and reading tons of reviews such as this I decided to go with the Pampers Swaddlers. I couldn't be happier! My son is now about 15 lbs and has worn swaddlers since birth. We love them! They are so soft and very absorbent! The only time we ever had a problem with leaks was right after his circumcision when we were covering his incision with vaseline and gauze. Since then we haven't had a single leak! The wetness indicator was also nice when he was a newborn and didn't always let us know when he was wet. These diapers are definitely worth the price. I wouldn't buy anything else!
number seems so comfy I wish I have them and all 5
These diapers are my go to diapers for both of my children when they were born. They fit well, helped against leaks and were extra gentle around the umbilical cord.
I'm very picky and I like this product. I haven't had issues with leakage as long as my lo is wearing the right size.
I loved these diapers with my first daughter and four years later still the same great quality! Won't use any other diapers!
We love pampers for our little girl! We used Huggies and hated them many blow outs and a horrible fit! Pampers have a great fit and has great products!
I find that pampers swaddlers fit my son the best. I even like them better than cruisers or baby dry. My son wears his diaper around 12 hours at night and when I change him there is no leakage or dampness on his clothing.
Pampers fit my son better than any diaper! They keep him dry both day and night. We love pampers!
I love swaddlers. I have used other diapers for my son and he leaked through them. I have never had this problem with Pampers Swaddlers.
When my son was born over a year ago I had received all kinds of brands of diapers at my baby shower. At the hospital is when I first seen pampers swaddlers in use. They were so so soft and kept him dry. Once home I tried one of the other brands we had received. The first night in those diapers he soaked his bed. The next attempt later that morning the tabs ripped off. Needless to say we returned all of the other brands and exchanged them for pampers. We are a pampers family forever.
I love Pampers swaddlers for my son. I'll never buy a diff brand diaper. Fits great with minimal leakage
The diapers are great. These are the only ones i trust when it comes to my newborn. He seems to like them too they fit nice and are soft and comfy :)
I have twins and sometimes loose track of diaper changing time. They are super absorbent and have a line that changes colors when it's full. I've had no problems with them. I love all my pampers products. Also the fit it amazing compared to huggies.
I feel like they ARE good quality diapers and they absorb well
Before I became a parent, I didn't know the difference in diapers, but when I started using Pampers Swaddlers, I will not use any other brand! They are a great fit, they do not leak. Very soft, my baby's bottom is never irritated. I would suggest everyone at least try them !
I love pampers brand! The wips are so soft and cloth like! The diapers fit my twins perfectly and always leaves their bottom dry. They are some what pricey but they work.
Have used pampers products since the first day my daughter was born. Started with swaddlers because they are so soft on a newborns bottom. Have used other brands but nothing is better than Pampers. Even the hospital uses Pampers swaddlers.
With my first child I tried other brands and found pampers was the best ! Now with my second I will only use pampers brand!
We only buy pampers. Love everything from the fit to the smell of new pampers!! :)
These diapers are awesome. We have tried other brands and they either leak or give her a rash. All of my children have worn pampers. They remind me of the old pampers premium diapers.
I love the pampers swaddlers! They are so soft and absorbent.
This is our first child so our first time diapering, etc. We have been nothing but impressed with Pampers products (all of them!) for our son's needs.
Good diaper for the money. I wont buy any other diaper brand!
Swaddlers are my all-time favorite diapers!! Love the feel and the fit AND love that they go up to size 5 now!!!
I have been a loyal pampers fan since we brought our daughter home 2 years ago. Would not switch whatsoever!
I knew I only wanted to use pampers when I had my son... I tried one diaper of another brand and said no way went straight back to pampers diapers and wipes! They over met my expectation for diapers. My son never goes through outfits and he pees a lot and it never leaks through! Thanks pampers!
I've used pampers for all 3 of my children. I have tried other diapers in the past, but I will never use a different brand again. We have never had a diaper rash while using them, and they are mainly white, so they don't show through our daughters clothing.
I have two children that one is almost three years old, and the other one is nine months. Both of my kids have sensitive skins. The Pampers baby dry fit them well. They do not any have skin problems all day wear. We all love Pampers baby dry!
I love the papers swindlers. Sometimes the mesh in the diaper will stick to the baby's bottom, but they have a great feel and look. They fit nicely and hold in the mess. They do not cause my baby any sort of rash (other diapers have).
Love Pampers Swaddlers! We have tried many brands of diapers and the Swaddlers are the diaper I go back and buy again & again.
When my daughter was born, the hospital used Pampers Swaddlers Preemie size. Now that they have size 4 available, she's back to wearing Pampers! They are the only ones that withhold at night. My newborn also wears Swaddlers.
There the best pampers ever! I've used it for all my three kid's.
I really like these diapers. Your brand is the best out there. The swaddlers have a great fit and are very soft. I was very excited when I heard that you made them up to size 5!
I have two kids and these are the only kind I use. My first child I tried huggies but after two weeks of constant leakage I switched to these. I did use swaddlers from what the hospital gave me but stopped. I wish that didnt so I knew with my second child pampers was the way to go. I love the indicator on the diapers to let me know they had went to the bathroom. Pampers is used in the hospital and definitely should be used at home. Love you pampers!
I LOVE the yellow to blue wettness indicator line on the swaddlers. No question for Dad whether the diaper needs changed. My baby loves the softness, and I like the quality.
I kept my first child in swaddlers until she reach their biggest size. Now i have my second child in swaddlers. Th diaper is very soft and the allows my comfortable movement.
With twin girls I wanted to find a diaper that was super soft and absorbent. I love the wetness indicator too.
I've used these diapers for all 3 of my little ones. I love how they show you when the baby needs to be changed. They are the only ones I would only consider buying for an infant.
I love Pampers Swaddlers! Its the only thing my new babies wear! They hold up over night and work really well for long trips! And the value is well worth it!
Thia product ia wonderful. Absolutly love the product they are great but the only thing I would change is the umbilical notch need to be a little more defined or a deeper cut. They still rubbed on my twins.
Pampers swaddlers are the only diaper that I will use on my Little One. They are by far the better brand out there!
Love pampers and won't change products. It is a little pricey, but overall great!!
I like how they are plain white on their bottoms for light summer clothes. They are so soft and perfect for new baby bottoms.
These diapers are soft and absorbent to help protect your newborns skin,
Best diapers out there! Love the smell!;)
Huggins smell so bad even with a little urin.
I've tried other brands and always come back to the Pampers Swaddlers. We never have leaks with these - even overnight. They feel the softest and seem to be the most comfortable. Other diapers are just too bulky-looking; you think they have to be soaking wet only to change them and find a dry diaper. Was very excited when Sz 5s came on the market.
Great product! Keeps baby dry and happy and I love the blue wetness indicator on the swaddlers.
My child tends to have some pretty wet diapers and i've never had a leak. Never had a blow out. I've tried less expensive diapers, don't waste your $$ Also, if your child has skinny legs this is a great product.
Best big kid product out there, daughter loves the new prints!
These diapers fit my babies so well. They absorb well and keep my babies butts pretty dry and rash free. I feel good knowing that my babies most sensitive area is comfortable.
These are my favorite diapers to use as you can always count on them for wetness protection and use overnight. they have a wetness indicator which makes it easy to spot if you need a diaper change. I've never had a leak with these and that's the main reason I use pampers.
We recived a lot of different brands at my shower but none stood up to the overall fit, dryness, and omg the indicator stripe is the best!
Swaddlers are our #1 choice of diapers. Dad likes the color changing stripe on the diaper. We fell in love with the pampers brand in the hospital and continue to use them. We are pregnant with baby #2 now and this will be a pampers baby too!
I put my twins in Swaddlers and I was always happy with how dry they kept my babies. We tried some other brands but I didn't think they fit as well or absorbed as much. Big fan of Pampers!
Love the Pampers Swaddlers but they have a chemical smell.
Best Diaper Ever!! My son is comfortable in them even when he is wet!
These are the best baby diapers on the market today! The are a great fit and keep my baby nice and dry - no leaks!
the swaddler diapers are the best! I absolutely love them, two children and that's what I use...
Love Pampers!!! that is all I have used for my 2nd child
I used these for my newborn and loved them! They fit well and are great for baby!
great relief from leakage
super comfort for the babies
We recommend Pampers Swaddlers! I love having the wetness indicator and the lining that separates the diaper keeps her very dry.
With pampers I do to experience leaks like with other brands
I use Pampers swaddlers for my newborn son and I love them! They fit him very well and never leak. I would recommend them for everyone.
Love pampers swaddlers!!! I use pampers sensitive swaddlers because it's the only diaper my son would not break out with, if only they made the sensitive in a size 5 I don't know what I am going to do if we don't get potty trained by then.
We used to but Huggies diapers but decided to give Pampers a try. Best choice we ever made. Very absorbent & fit perfectly! Also very cute Seseme Street theme!
I Loved these diapers! My baby grew out of them so fast though. We had already settled in to the baby dry diapers when Pampers started carrying these through size 5!
Love the soft feel of these diapers and the tabs are great.
Excellent product for the sensitive skin of newborn!!
We have a 4 month old baby boy & a 3.5 year old daughter. Pampers Swaddlers were my #1 go-to diaper with baby #1 and continue to be with baby #2. Of all the responsibilities and worries introduced by becoming a new parent, I have been thankful that these diapers have never failed me thru all stages. The fit is fabulous, baby's skin stays super dry even when the diaper is completely water-logged and leaks are an extremely rare occurance (only when there are major blowouts and even then, leaking is very minimal). For nighttime, rather than introduce a night-specific diaper I found it just as effective to simply use Swaddlers in 1 size bigger than normal. I highly recommend Pampers Swaddlers... you won't be disappointed!
These are super soft diapers. I also like that you can tell when and how wet the baby is by the indicator line on the front.
Over the years I have tried other diapers, but have never been satisfied with their performance or fit. Pampers diapers are the only ones I've found with the extra material at the sides where the Velcro tabs are. Thanks to them the diapers actually fit my babies and don't leak out the sides! I also love the wetness indicator especially when changing newborns. Sometimes it's hard to tell if the diaper is wet as we'll as dirty because they diaper absorbs so well, but thanks to the indicator I know exactly how many wet diapers my baby has a day. Thanks pampers for the continued quality I've come to expect from your products!
I love how soft the diapers are on my newborn's bottom. They are also a nice snug fit. Another thing I love is the yellow line that turns green when they are wet. It is nice to see rather than feel it:)
I love pampers they truely are the best diaper out there and I love how the wipes don't rip when you pull them out like other brands nice and thick. Pampers is the only brand I will use for my son.
I love pampers! I have tried many different brands, including Huggies. Non fit properly, we're cut as well, and held everything in as good as pampers. Ever since I changed we have not had a single blow out.
My son is 15 months old and we've been using Pampers since he was born. I did try a few other brands, but because of leaking, we always went back to Pampers! We will continue to use these until he is potty trained.
Great product for baby boys! :) recommend for ever new mom!
It has a great fit and stays on my moving baby. Baby stays happy and dry
At my baby shower I was given bags of every kind of diaper on the market. Each friend swore by a different brand and the only way I could find the right one for us was trail-and-error. I noticed the difference immediately. My little lady would get diaper rash or irritation with any other diaper. I could see an improvement in fewer than 24 hours when I would switch back to Pampers Swaddlers. She's young enough that I have opted for Swaddlers Sensitive, and I won't use anything else.
I have tried other brands and found that they do not stack up to the quality that I get with Pampers
love them, they fit the best and have the best absorbency
I use pampers swaddlers sensitive and wipes also. I like them the best compared to other brands
Very soft diaper. Great for newborn babies. I love the umbilical cord notch.
I used these diapers everyday on my daughter. She has very sensitive skin so I am very careful on the products I use. She rarely gets diaper rash and the wetness indicator is a great tool. I wish all diapers had this, including your baby dry. I feel the price is well worth the quality that you are getting. I wouldn't by anything else!
Best diapers ever!!!! I love pampers swaddlers!!! Love it!!!!
Swaddlers are probably my favorite of the Pampers Diapers. I love the wetness indicator on them.
Pamper swaddlers are great but the only issue is with sensitive wipes. The sensitive wipes leave fuzzy things and my baby gets it all on him. The best wipes are the natural clean one. They don't leave fuzz behind and they are really soft
My son does so great in pampers we have tried other brands but always go back to pampers! We use everything with pampers on it!
These are the best diapers. No leaks and love the wetness indicator.
Used swaddlers (usually the sensitive) for both of my children. I really liked the soft, cottony texture for their sensitive newborn skin. The wetness indicator lines were great as a new parent as well. They also kept the babies dry at night, so it helped us get that little extra sleep all parents need!
This is my third child and I have always used pampers brand and if I was to have any more children they will be my choice.
Pampers quality is excellent and has never let me down... Keep up the good work
We love pampers swaddlers! Easy to know when he needs to be changed and overall great diapers.
Pampers swaddlers are all I buy for my 3 month old. Pampers are soft and fit him nicely. There is no comparison with other diapers. Pampers swaddlers are the best!
My husband and I first used these diapers while our son was in the hospital and we loved the "yellow line" that turns blue when the diaper needs changing. We tried other brands once we got home but stuck with the swaddlers because of the lack of leaks as well as the handy indicator.
I love these diapers! They don't leak at all and fit perfect!
I received all different brands of diapers with this being my first child and wasn't sure which brand to use. After trying them all, the ONLY one I will use from this point forward is Pampers. It's the best value for my dollar, doesn't break out my daughter's skin and absorbs wonderfully!!
I absolutely adore Pamper Swaddlers!!!! Since the day my baby Liberty was birth this is the choice the hospital made and it was the best decision ever!!! I love the fit,their perfect for her chunky legs. I've never had a blow out. Last ,but not least,I love the indicator line!!!
Fits better than other newborn sizes by competitors.
Pamper products are awesome. I prefer them than any other brand!
Never have any issues. We love pampers. Would never even think of using a different kind.
Great quality quick dry and best product used so far
These diapers are great! Great quality. Keeps my daughter dry.
Pampers swaddlers is a great diaper. They fit really well. They are a bit pricey, but work great.
I have a 18 month old, and now a almost 3 month old baby. Used Pampers since day 1 on both my babies. I'm in love with my favorite Pampers Swaddlers. Love the fact that they now make them in size 5 for my toddler. Kudos to the person that incorporated the idea of the color change indicator, easier for my husband to detect a diaper that needed changing. I would highly recommend any Pampers product for the quality, fit, especially absorbancy.
I have used these for both my babies and have never been disappointed . I recommend pampers to everyone I know.
I have a baby whose hefty; that said, Pampers give her legs plenty of room while providing protection and dryness.
As a first time mom choosing a diaper brand can be scary. Luckily I had some great friends steer me toward pampers swaddlers and I couldn't be happier. They are great diapers and keep growing right along with my little man. Every first time mom should save herself the trouble and just start with the best, pampers swaddlers.
I love Pampers Swaddlers. They don't irritate my baby and they don't leak.
I love the yellow-green line wetness indicator. They hold in messes with the elastic band. They are the softest diaper and mask the smell.
Great quality, still haven't had a leak, love the color change strip!
Swaddlers are my favorite diaper ever! I love that they now make them in a size 5. They are soft and absorbent. I will use these with my next child as well :)
I have used pampers swaddlers for both my girls. I will not use anything else. I have used huggies, target brand and Luvs and nothing compares to pampers!
In used these on all four of my boys and loved them!
I love everything about these diapers from the feel of them to their absorbancy.
When our baby girl was born the only diapers that actually fit her were Pampers Swaddlers because she was so tiny. Definitely recommend them for smaller babies.
They have great, they don't have a bad smell like other diapers and do not leak. I love them for my newborn we are now using size 1 and still doing a great job.
I love these. They were especially nice when my daughter was a newborn. I know I appreciate having a soft feel against my skin, who wouldn't want the same for their child? Also the wetness indicator is a great bonus. You just take a peak and know if your baby is due for a change by the colored line. newborns have such a small amount of urine output it really helps for new moms!
Prefer pampers to other diapers we've tried. They seem to be easier to put on quickly. They fit appropriately around the legs to prevent overflow.
Best diaper out of all brands! We have tried them all and this one is the best all around!
Tried huggies, luvs and pampers. Pampe swaddlers best by far. Dont buy anything else!!
I have been using pampers baby dry since my first child was born. I have recommended it to friends who are having their first children as well. I have tried numerous other brands and nothing else works as well.
This brand of diapers is the best I have come across. I never have to worry about my son leaking through. They are super absorbent and fit him great. Other brand the fits were too small and he seem to leak through now and then. I would recommend these diapers to anyone with a little one.
Pampers Swaddlers Sensitive have always fit our smaller baby with great absorbency. There are times when he explodes out the back but I think that would happen with any diaper. He has never had a reaction to them and is never bothered by the fit.
It fits perfectly and it doesnt leak like any other brands :)
I love pampers products!! I have tried many different products but I always revert back to pampers!!! Can't beat price or quality!!!
These are my favorite diapers! They are always dry to the touch and don't seem to cause my newborn any discomfort. I recommend these to anyone with a child still in diapers.
I love them there are the best ones yet only ones I will use
By far my favorite diapers from the Pampers brand. I love that it has the wetness indicator. They are amazing diapers.
It's simple when my son has pampers on he's Happy!
When we had our first child I heard great things about pampers. We received a lot of different brands through out her first year and right when we put her in pampers I immediately fell in love with how soft and absorbent they are. All other brands where too stif and leaked like crazy. Some even gave her severe diaper rash. When we got pregnant with our secon child I knew without a doubt we would and always use pampers. No other diapers like them.
I used Pampers for al my tree children. I had a great experience.
The best wipes that exist in the world love it!
It's soft and i love it for my baby.
We like this product. I would recommend it to other parents.
Pampers swaddlers are by far my favorite diapers and my wife fully agrees with me. These are the only diapers we'll buy for our little one after trying all the different brands.
I definitely recommend this products from new born to toddlers, it works perfectly to my son, and I'm not worry about changing him every time he gets wet because it's absorbency.
This is my first baby and I received a couple different brands of diapers at my baby shower (a few boxes being pampers Swaddlers). I knew I wanted a "pampers baby" as they're a trusted name & the brand really makes me feel confident in the product. I ended up using some of the other brands at one point or another, as backup when I ran out of pampers- and I'll tell you that pampers were far superior to the competitor. After the first use of the other brand, it leaked and I hadn't had that happen once with Pampers. I'm sticking to them all the way through.
Thanks Pampers!
very reliable brand. i would definitely recommend it to other moms
They are very soft and fit nicely. Keep my son dry all night.
I have been using Pampers product since my son was born and I have never had any issues. I love the product and I would recommend it to all moms.
I loved using pamper swaddlers on my baby girl, and now that she is 6 months old I continue to use pampers size 2 on her and its great! they fit good there not tight and its a good wetness indicator, which is also great!
love these diapers for newborns, they are on the pricey side but my baby never got a rash while using the swaddlers.
These diapers are great in keeping in the waste from my baby. I never have to worry about the diaper not holding and getting onto the clothes. I also really love the color changing stripe.
It's a little more expensive, I wish they would price match with other brands but love the wetness indicator because never have to guess if it's wet or dirty diaper.
I've used these diapers on two kids now, and have recommended them to others. I know that they're not going to leak, even after a full night sleep. When my baby gets up in the morning, he has a super full diaper, but not a drop is ever in his crib. I don't have to worry about accidents, which is the best ever. Paying for peace of mind is so worth it!
I love the swaddlers and am so excited they go up to fives now. All three of kids have only used pampers even when I got other brands for my baby shower I took them to exchange them for pampers I like the wet indactor on the outside so u know when baby has wet the diaper I have never had a leak through the night it anytime they are really great pampers and wouldn't recommend any other brand except pampers :)
Loved the softness and absorbance. Also the stretchy of the tabs
My baby has sensitive skin and swaddlers are the only ones we found that she didn't react to, also happens to be the same diapers the hospital used.
The diapers are super absorbent. My little one hasn't had any diaper explosions in the pampers swaddlers unlike other brands.
Great quality as usual, soft for baby's skin and smell good.
Our daughter is in a size 4 and I was so excited to see the Swaddlers in bigger sizes! Awesome quality! Love the feel! Keep up the wonderful work!
So soft! Would not try any other brand! They are great!
So I want to start out saying that my son was born 2 months early and was extremely sensitive. The NICU that he was in used Pampers Swaddlers Sensitive diapers on him and it made a world of difference from the brand of diapers they used on newborns. We have stuck with those diapers since he was 3lbs and now he is 3 years old and still wears Pampers Swaddler Sensitive diapers. They mold to his body and we don't every have to worry about leakage or accidents. We love them and he stays dry and NEVER get's diapers rashes. I buy the Pampers Swaddlers Sensitive diapers for baby showers and always refer them to everyone I know that has children.

So if you haven't tried them yet, take the time to head to the store and try the Pampers Swaddlers Sensitive diapers on your little joy!

Sincerely,
Rae - A very satisfied mommy!
Our little girl is 3 months old and we've not had any leaks or blow out's. They hold so much it's amazing she's already sleeping through the night and I've heard nightmares about waking up all wet and having to change bedding in the middle of the night and we haven't had to do any of that! It's worth paying a little more for brand name to me to not have to worry about the mess!
Papers are the only diapers we use. We've tried tons of others that we received from our baby shower, however these are the only ones that we trust to keep whatever our ill guy has in store for us in his diaper and not all over him or his clothes.
My son is long and skinny. Other diapers never seemed to fit right and his diaper would constantly leak. Once I tried pampers swaddlers his diaper fit better and he only leaked when it was time to increase his diaper size! I love this diapers!
I love the wetness indicator. This diaper is great for absorbency!
I love pampers! They are so soft and absorbent! I wouldn't buy any other diaper!
We love pampers swaddlers, our son is 10 months and we have never had a leaky diaper. We can depend on pampers!
I bump down to the cheaper ones around size 2, but these just can't be beat for little littles.
I use pampers swaddlers and pampers dry diapers and will not use any other diapers. They work great!! They keep my baby boy dry and have had no leaks!! I only use sensitive wipes and they have caused no issues to his sensitive skin.. Would definitely recommend to a friend!!
This diaper works really well for my 3 month old daughter. I've tried other brands and this is the only one that hasn't leaked really bad when she sleeps for more than 7 hours straight. They fit great and they hold well. I also love the wetness indicator, it helps to not have to guess when she has a wet diaper.
Pampers swaddlers are amazing. We have used them from day 1! We tried another brand when we came home from the hospital but a day later we were back to the swaddlers. It is the only brand I sill buy!! Amazing product!
We tried others products when our daughter was born along with pampers swaddlers. But our daughter liked the pampers brand better. She would wiggle and squirm a lot in other brands. On top of that swaddlers absorbed so much better ,fit her more snug without leaving marks and the different sizes in swaddlers allows her to continue with the diapers we both love even at six months old. Thanks for making such a great brand of diapers that is family friendly for everyone.
Thanks for making such an awesome product that moms can rely on!
We've tried a lot of brands and Pampers is the only one for our baby!
The only diaper my little peanut wakes up in that he hasn't soaked through.
We tried all kinds of diapers when our daughter was first born. Some felt like cardboard and Huggies just didn't fit right. We actually ended up getting rid of bags of diapers and going out and buying Pampers because they fit the best and felt the best. We also love the wetness indicator strip.
I love pampers I use them with my first and now my second. There soft and keep my baby dry.
The pampers swaddlers newborn have been great!! I had to use a few Huggies and they leaked. My pampers don't leak!!
I never have any problems with pampers. They fit justed right on my Lil girl. I recommend pampers to my friend. And she loves them as well. My aunt is the one that told me about pampers being really good. Thank god she did
I absolutely love pamper swaddlers. The indicator line has saved me from waking my newborn up and disrupting her sleep.
I love pampers swaddlers. They are so soft for my baby's skin.
In size 4 the materials for Sensitive Swaddlers have changed, so there was no point in spending extra for those if regular Swaddlers worked just as well and the material was comparable to size 4 Sensitive Swaddlers. These work perfectly!
Love these diapers. I would recommend this brand over any brand.
I absoulutely love these diapers. They aren't bulky, they are thin, absorb a ton. They are soft too! Used them with the 1st, and will again for the 2nd. I demand pampers for shower gifts!
I absolutely love these diapers for my son! Never had a leak or a problem with. I refuse to buy any other brand!
The best diapers I've ever used . They fit perfectly to my little one and the wet indicator always let's me know if and how wet he is . No diaper rash. Never any issues . Swaddlers are my favorite . Deff would recommend !
Pampers are our favorite. They keep my sweet baby girl nice and dry! They fit very well so there are no leaks!
I HAVE USED PAMPERS ON ALL MY KIDDOS AND I WOULD GO WITH ANY OTHER BRAND
I was a little concerned about the price of diapers when I had my daughter, and especially moreso when the diapers she was using in the hospital were Pampers Swaddlers. Others had told me this was the most expensive brand. I got many different brands during my baby shower so we tried all of them, and by far my favorite were the Pampers Swaddlers. My daughter is 8 months old now and they are still my go-to choice of diaper. I don't mind paying a little more extra to minimize blowouts (yes we still get them, who doesn't?) but we get them less often than with other brands. She always seems comfortable, even when her diaper is wet, and I love that the wetness indicator is there to tell me if she needs a new one! It takes the guesswork out, and I love that.
I love how the pampers swaddled fit I have tried all the other diapers and this is the best 1 yet. I would highly recommend and pampers product especially the pamper swaddler diapers!!
I have been using Pampers Swaddlers diapers since the hospital but recently tried the other major brand because the store was out of Pampers. I learned my lesson. Pampers are always dependable, don't leak if you are in the right size, and are better quality. #pampersforlife
We have tried all sorts of brands of diapers with our baby and Pampers by far are the best fit for her. Huggies and Luvs leaked and the off brands didn't have the wetness indicator (which we love!). We don't have to worry about leaks with these because they fit so well and are really absorbent.
I have used the Swaddlers on all three of my children and they are by far my favorite diapers because of the moisture indication line (all diapers should have this, I mean, who wants to wake a newborn to change a diaper that ends up being dry), and the softness for sensitive skin. I recommend Pampers over any other diaper brand and I swear by the Swaddlers!
I am a mommy of 3 boys and I have tried Every brand of diapers and wipes out there, nothing even comes close to to the quality and design of both the diapers and wipes!! They are the most expensive however, coupons and/or samples would be so amazing so that those of us on fixed incomes can remain loyal, bragging customers for LIFE :-)
Great absorb, good value, well fit, no licking, soft..I love it. We have been using Pampers Swaddlers ever since our baby girl was born.
I wouldn't buy any other brand diaper because this diaper has been the best I have used.
My baby girl stared to use this diaper in size 1 since she became 2 and half months. I like the carton pattern on each diaper, giving me and my baby surprise every time when I changed a diaper for her. Besides, different from the newborn size, size 1 has mash designed which speeds up absorbing PP and poops faster than before and lasting the using time of the diaper. My baby feels more comfortable, and it also helps me save more money to buy other Pampers products! I recommend all mother try this product.
THE SWADDLERS PAMPERS IS A GREAT FIT FOR MY BABY THE QUALITY OF THE PAMPER DEFINITELY TOPS ALL OTHER PAMPERS ON THE MARKET, WE LOVE IT THE COMFORTABLE FIT AND FEEL TO IT AWESOME
These diapers are the best! We tried other kinds when we first brought home our daughter home but none of the other brands gave us the confidence that she would stay clean and dry. Definitely recommend!
These diapers are great. They are soft, the wet indicator is helpful and the diapers stay snug so no leakage.
Fits my baby girl very well and gets her dryer than other brands.
Let me start by saying, I've tried store brand, I've tried Luvs and huggies and the fancy brands. None of them fit as well or absorb as well as pampers! Even my pediatrician and the hospital that my baby was born at recommended pampers as they don't leak! I love the swaddlers because they have the wetness line so my baby is never dirty! Also using other brands we had allergic reactions or we had really awful diaper rash and swaddlers didn't give him either!
After trying others, the Pampers line of diapers are the best! The Swaddlers never fail overnight, we love the wetness indicator and they are lightly scented, too. They're well worth the price!
We have used Pampers Swaddlers since my son was born. They are very soft, absorbent and gentle on his sensitive skin. I also love the blue line so it is easy to know when he has as wet diaper to change!
I rely heavily of Pampers Swaddlers for my little one. In addition to be a good value, the wetness indicator means no guessing, helping cut down on the risk of diaper rash. However they are composed, I have never had to worry about a reaction or a rash and rarely does the little lady wake up wet (and when she does, it is usually on the heels of sleeping for 10-12 hours, so how can I complain?!).
With my oldest son buy for first time Pampers Swaddlers and I always diapering every 2 hours or less and never had chafing problems. Now I'm waiting for my second baby and already buy my Pampers Swaddlers, they are the best!!!
My daughter was born premature and had sensitivity, these diapers worked best for her! I love the quality.
Whenever I first bought these five years ago for my son he absolutely loved them. I never purchased Huggies or any other brand of diapers. I know people say diapers are diapers but they aren't just diapers! Pampers swaddlers are truly THE best for a newborns butt. I do not recommend anything other than Swaddlers.
These are my favorite diapers. They don't leak and are so soft for baby.
I TRIED USING OTHER DIAPERS BUT THEY ALL LEAKED AND MY BABY STAYED WET. SO I SWITCHED TO PAMPERS SWADDLERS AND THEY ARE AMAZINGGGGG. I WILL NEVER USE ANOTHER DIAPER. MY BABY STAYS DRY, THEY FIT GREAT, AND I'M 1 HAPPY MOMMY. I RECOMMEND THEM TO EVERY NEM MOM. THEY ARE SO SOFT AND I JUST LOVE THEM....
The best! Only kind we use! Definitely recommend these!
My husband and I have tried several brands for our 4 month old, and we like Pampers the best. Generic diapers do not mask odors as well as Pampers and also allow leaks. Although Pampers cost more, you get what you pay for. We prefer to buy them in bulk at our local club superstore.
I love swaddlers. We've had no leaks with them. My daughter has outgrown them so I wished they made size 6
Love these diapers !! I have a little boy and they are the only diapers that keep him dry. I recommend them to all my friends :)
They have just the right fit for baby. No leaks and great price.
I absolutely love swaddlers I just wish they where a little cheaper
Great for newborns. Never has problems with leaking.
I will never use any other brand besides Pampers! They are wonderful and the only diapers that my son doesn't leak out of!
These diapers are amazing. My babygirl loves them,
I love how soft and absorbent they are, but the thing I love most is their fresh powder smell. I haven't found any other diapers that smell this good!
These diapers are great. They are soft and fit great on my newborn. They close securely and do not rub and cause her discomfort on her little thighs. The color strip makes checking late night diapers easy. By allowing me to see if she is wet or not without having to remove or open the diaper.
I used pampers for my daughters first month then ran out and tried a generic brand and was in for a rude awakening! There is nothing like Pampers. I missed them and went back immediately!
My family loves Pampers Swaddlers! We have been using these since our son was born. They came highly recommended by my sister in law, who has three children. My husband especially enjoys the wetness indicator because it makes changing our son easier. I appreciate his help with changing our son.
Having my first child, I was determined to have the best products I could for her and so I asked around for the best diapers and heard about pampers. now my baby is 2 months old and I have to say pampers swaddlers are the best I've tried. She will not wake up in the nite due to a wet diaper, she is able to sleep thru the nite and that diaper will last till morning, it is amazing how much it holds.
My suggestion is pampers swaddlers for new moms and newborns. Its the best everything for newborns... I love every angle of it for my bby...
I love these diapers just as much as my son does. It fits perfectly, seems comfortable, and last throughout the night for my sleepy 4 month old son. The wetness indicator is so good. We're loyal papers lovers!
My 5month old baby just loves the swaddlers pampers because they keep him feeling dry and are comterble to play around in.just get happy smiles all the time especially early in the morning. Thank you pampers :-)
We wanted the best for our daughter and that is what we got. We love how they fit and how they hold everything in. Especially those big messes! Overall great product.
I love that they are made for other sizes including 4 and 5 now!
I have tried Huggies and my son broke out from them though yours he didn't break out in them.
I love the Swaddlers! They are a little more expensive than the baby dry but you get better overall protection for your little one. I used them both for my baby boy and girl. They didn't leak.
We have tried other brands of diapers, but Pampers is still our favorite!
The swaddlers are perfect for a newborn. I loved these diapers, just wish they could of been a little cheaper.
They are one of the best pampers made by pampers. The indicator was great for a first time mom!
The hospital used these for our daughter in NICU and we have loved them since.
Swaddlers are soft and have the mesh lining that keeps the dirty diaper off his sensitive skin. Swaddlers are my everyday diaper!
Tried Luvs and huggies brands. Both brands did not fit my daughter well. Love pampers fit!
I love how soft the Swaddlers on and how great they fit. A great diaper!
I absolutely love pampers diapers. They are soft and holds in my child's messes
We were given Pampers swaddlers at our hospital and as shower presents so we started our newborn daughter Marlow in them. We love Swaddlers the best, even after trying Up and Up and Costco's brand. I feel these are the best option for us. I am willing to pay more for a better product. We had fewer blow outs in Pampers swaddlers. Marlow will be wearing Pampers for years!
I love pampers swaddlers because they fit perfectly and to top it off I've never experienced the diaper leaking which is a huge plus.
With 2 kids, 1 boy and 1 girl, we've never had a problem with Pampers Swaddlers! Both can go for 12 hours overnight without needing to be changed and no leaks!
I've tried numerous brands like up and up, publix, luvs and huggies...Also baby dry from pampers. Nothing holds up like Swaddlers though. Love them.
These diapers are the only ones I use ok my daughter. They're the best.
My almost 6 month old is just starting to sleep longer stretches at night. With Pampers Swaddlers, I know I don't have to worry about waking her to change her; Swaddlers keeps her dry!
I used swaddlers when my son was first born and switched between Baby Dry and Swaddlers until he was ten months. I started to notice that while both brands were great when his mobility was limited, now that he was walking and crawling he would chaff on his inner thighs. I decided to switch to Cruisers to see if the chaffing would stop. He is all over the place now! And I am glad to say that the chaffing stopped. The diaper moves with him and provides the absorbency he needs.
Great diaper with comfort. My daughter is very happy and active with this product and sure no rash.
I loved this product for my son. He used it until he was in the biggest size.
As first time parents we didn't know which diaper would be best to use. We received several different brands at our baby shower and have tried them all. Pampers Swaddlers are the best diapers on the market! It is the most absorbent diaper and I've never had a leak with Swaddlers as I have with others.
Pampers Swaddlers are so soft and keep my baby very dry. They are stretchy without ripping and even have cute pictures!
My daughter is a month old as of today and we have already tried three different brands of diapers. Now that we've used Pampers though there will not be a fourth. They fit her great and go on easy. I would highly recommend to anyone considering making the switch to Pampers Swaddlers.
I love that swaddlers have the notch for healing belly buttons. The wetness strip is an added bonus for babies witg sensitive bottoms.

I wwish the wipes refills came with its own opening and reseal, so I don't have to carry the tub.
My Daughter has been using them since the day she was born, we started using Newborn ... they were recommended by everyone I know in the USA, I live in another country and the only way to buy them is going to a membership store (they only have size 1 & 2), and going to american imported goods stores, and they are 2 times more expensive than buying the baby dry ones from the membership store, but her sensitive skin can only use swaddlers. Even her pedoatrician recommended that we used swaddlers. Yay for big sizes... nah for living abroad :(
My little one can not wear anything else. I have tried them all including cloth, all of them make her break out with diaper rash except for the pampers. So far she can wear any pampers product, however, I personally prefer the swaddlers. Would be awesome if they held a little more like the baby dry.
Soft and reliable! Would definitely repurchase Pampers!
I love the line because it helps baby's daddy remember to change diapers more frequently!
My mother-in-law's friend gave us a lot of huggies diapers so we have been using them. But one time she got us 2 packs of pampers and we feel pampers actually has better quality! We are very happy with pampers and will switch to pampers from now on.
These diapers are very absorbent & the color changing indicator is great!!!
Im a first time mom so people have bought me tons of different diapers. Ive used Second Generation, Huggies, Luvs, & of course Pampers. Pampers swaddlers are amazing, my boyfriend and I love them. They absorb and take the wetness away from the babys bottom. The newborn size fits her perfectly as shes only 6 pounds. I recommend these to anyone.
My son has been on Pampers since he was born. I am very happy that the Pampers swaddlers now comes up to size 5. Very soft. I wish it were a bit cheaper.
Pampers are far superior to other diapers in terms of keeping wetness away from my baby's sensitive skin.
Use Pampers on toddler & so absorbsant!!!! I would definitely recommend!
A very good product with high dryness and great quality.it is really a good fitting for my baby.
The only diaper brand I will purchase! I love everything about them! Keeps my baby dry and fits him perfectly
These are the best diapers out there I will not use any other kind
They keep my baby dry all night long no leaks. I recommend pampers to all moms for at east the night use.I like the for all time use but especially at night.
I have tried different brands with my daughter and nine seem to satisfy me.But when i starting using pampers it met all my needs for my baby. Especially overnight and not worrying about leaking. I would recomments that parents use pamper if they want their moneys worth and good quality.
Purchased NB, size 1 and size 2. They are great for overnight usage.
My oldest son got a rash if we used anything besides Pampers. For our new baby, we've only bought Pampers. I also love the rewards we get for using something we need.
I love thee diapers my little girl doesn't have blowouts she crawls all over the place and everything is still good. I matter how much she wiggles
After having six children, I've tried a lot of different brands of diapers. With my youngest child, the only brand diaper I purchased was Pampers.
I only buy and use Pampers because they are the best!! Pampers Swaddlers are my favorite. They fit my daughter well and I love the wet indicator to tell whether or not the diaper is dirty. I will continue to use these for all of my children and will always tell other mothers how great they are!!
I love the pamper swaddlers. I've used other diapers and I always go back the swaddlers. The were great for his im umbical cord and I love the fact that they have a wetness line!! This is an awesome product!!
We have been using Pampers swaddlers almost exclusively since Ayva was born. She is now 7 months and we've never had a leak or blowout! They work great. And the blue wetness indicator is a helpful reminder for daddy when it's time for a change!
This is the best brand of diaper for my little boy. I've tried other brands and they don't fit like the this brand does. The the other brands leave gaps around his legs allowing him to mess outside of his diaper. I haven't had any leaks with pampers. It's exhausting enough to change his clothes every time he spits up, I hate going through extra clothes because he has messed though his diaper again.
Pampers are my favorite disposable diapers to use on my little ones.
Overall, it is good Diaper keep my daughter dry all night.
I absolutely love Pampers! They fit wonderfully, never leak and gentle on sensitive skin! I would definitely recommend them and I refuse to buy the competitor's brand.
The best diapers!! I love that it keeps my baby skin dry, and the softness, so great. Thank you pampers :D
At times our baby sleeps 12 hours and wakes up dry
We used pampers with our first child and of course with our second!!!
Pampers Swaddlers are my favorite diapers for my children! I love how soft and absorbent they are. I'm happy that they now come in larger sizes, too!
These diapers are really great. I love the fit and they are so super soft! The only thing I am not crazy about is the lining inside the diaper is like a mesh and sometimes it sticks to my little one's behind. Not a big deal but I would prefer if it stayed intact to the diaper a little better. They are super absorbant and typically do not have issues with leaking through or out of these diapers.
Great diapers. Wonderful for little ones. Love the green line that shows they're wet.
I would recommend this product for all that it offers. The umbilical cord notch is such a great feature to comfort the baby.
I'm a first-time mom and have tried all the brands. Pampers swaddlers is my favorite. I will continue to use these diapers!
I have used swaddles since my baby was born in the hospital! I loved the baby fresh scent right away! They work great!
These are the only diapers i buy for my kids...live and learn!
Swaddlers have become our favorite diaper. We used several brands as our daughter grew in to sizes 2 and 3 but never were as happy as with swaddlers. We also were thrilled when Pampers began making bigger sizes so we don't have to switch to a cruising diapers.
Pampers swaddlers are the best out there. In addition to absorbency my favorite part is the little blue line that shows when and how wet the baby is. Will never use anything but swaddlers again!
Great diaper- we've tried other brands but these seem to be the best. They are very absorbent and are re-attachable when doing a "check" on diaper.
I tried several different brands of diapers when my daughter was a newborn, but Pampers were the best quality, most absorbant, and the material is soft on my baby's skin. I would recommend this product to a friend.
I absolutely love these diapers. They are the only ones that I will use for my children!!! :)
We were given swaddlers at the hospital to use and I loved them. When we got home I had been given a different brand and he soaked through 3 diapers in one day! After that experience I have not used anything else but swaddlers since.
Pampers Swaddlers are what my sister used on my niece and nephew so when I had my daughter I knew what brand I was going with. These are the only diapers I have ever used and only diaper I will continue to use. Great brand and I would totally recommend it!!
They are by far the best diapers in my opinion. I only use swaddlers for my baby; they keep her dry, and keep everything in the diaper. Soft and great for my baby's sensitive skin.
Excellent diaper! We have tried others over the 18 months since having our son but the swaddlers are the best hands down. And we love the indicator line for wetness! We've used newborn through size 4 so far and they are a staple in our house!
We love the Pampers Swaddlers, they are soft & gentle & most importantly they don't leak! This is especially important the first few weeks when newborns need to be changed so often! We tried many other brands & types, but my husband & I agree that Pampers Swaddlers are the best!
Love swaddlers diapers wouldn't recommend anything else!!!
Pampers products are so great, haven't let us done yet. Huggies and babbies r us brand diapers leaked bad. Definitely recommend pampers to all new parents.
These diapers have worked wonderfully for my daughter. No leaking issues ever. They absorb the moisture/wetness extrememly well her skin is always dry when I change her.
For us being new parents it was hard to decided what was best for our daughter when it came to care. It was hard for us to find the best thing possible for her when it came to everything doctors, shampoos, toys. I only wanted to best. With pampers it was simple swaddlers was the most recommended and when we tried them we were nothing short of impressed. Pampers fit to our chunky legged little girl like a glove. They are soft and we have had no issues with rashes because it still allows your babys backside to breath with maximum protection. We are highly satisfied with this product and have nothing but great things to say about the swaddlers and the pampers products and services.
I've tried other diapers that I've received from my baby shower and nothing compares to Pampers Swaddlers! They keep my lil man dry, the fit is amazing and I love the wetness indicator!
Been using product for years. Thank you for the quality pampers!
I would highly recommend this product to new parents. We had no problems with these diapers leaking. The visual yellow line on the front when the diaper is wet is wonderful for newborns.
These diapers are great! I loved the color-changing wetness indicator and they always keep our son dry and comfortable.
These are definitely the best diapers on the market! There is a reason the hospital sends you home with these diapers! They are super soft and never leak! Definitely worth the extra few dollars compared to other diapers based solely on their fit and absorbency! Definitely my family's top picks for the newborns and infants!
I used Pampers with my older children that are now preteens. Things have changed so much over the years but I am amazed that Pampers are still AWESOME and even better than it was before.
It had been 10 years since I had a little one in diapers. I knew that I would be using pampers again. Still happy after all these years :)
I absolutely love pampers never once have they leaked on me. The last over night. I always tell all my mommy friends to use pampers.
These diapers were great for my newborn baby. The fit was great and it kept everything in (most of the time)!
Great product. Fits our son perfectly. Only brand we have ever used since day one.
We used the swaddlers from day one and found that all around they were great. No complaints at all.
When my daughter was born I tried almost every brand of diapers out there and ended up loving Pampers the most! It fit the best and was the most absorbent! Pampers is awesome!
I love these diapers for my son, wouldn't use anything else!
First time mom I had no clue which diaper brand to chose, I got several different ones at my baby shower. We received a pack of pampers from the hospital with an indicator line. Our family has laughed but we love it....we know what were getting into before we even open the diaper! haha So after going threw all the different brands, I decided pampers was the best for us. And the rewards are fun too! Only comment is the large boxes don't come with an indicator line.
We are avid pampers users! We received other brands as gifts or as diaper cakes, but they don't compare! The other brands leak or cause diaper rash. Never have accidents with pampers and he never gets rashes with pampers! We have only good experience with pampers and its the only brand we use now! Love them!
I don't buy any other brand! Best wipes too, love the smell!
I have been using the pampers since my daughter was born. I started with the swaddles sensitive skin and now on to the regular swaddles. These diapers have never failed in absorbency especially as she gets older.
Even at size 4, I'm still buy Swaddlers - I love them and never get anything else!
A+++ I would recommend to anyone pampers are the best I been using using them with both of my kids and didn't have a problem never
Love pampers swaddlers, they fit nicely and absorb a lot! I love the line that turns blue when the diaper is wet!
I have always depended in pampers swaddled since my son was born. They never leak because they fit so snugly around his body. My only complaint is that you tend to get fewer swaddlers in each package then the baby dry diapers, but I figure it is worth it!
Pampers Swaddlers are amazing! They never leak and contain everything! We've had very few "blow-outs" and I believe it is because these diapers are so great. I will never use a different brand - Pampers all the way!!
We've tried other brands and they didn't match Pampers quality and protection against leaks.
The wetness indicator is awesome, and my son (3 months) has yet to get a diaper rash. :)
A really good product. I'm happy that it's also available in size 4&5.
Pamper diapers are the only diapers I will buy my son.
We loved swaddlers. They fit my som so well and we had no trouble with leaks. They by far were our favorite diapers!!
Pampers diapers and wipes are great quality. I wouldn't buy anything else but pampers for my loved ones. The wipes are nice and thick and the pampers have absorbency. I recommend pampers only, no other diaper or wipe can do the job.
I absolutely love Pampers Swaddlers diapers. Becoming a new mom the wetness indicator was such a huge help.
Very good diaper. Soft and dry. My baby has a sensitive skin, Pampers Swaddlers is the best fit for him.
Pampers swaddlers is the only diaper I'll put on my newborn!
I love these diapers and will continue to use them forever! My son has never had a rash due to these being so soft.
Great coverage. Good protection! I highly recommend them!
We have gown through several types of diapers. These are the ONLY diapers I will buy. I always buy for new baby arrivals and never recommend anything else.
This is a great product. Love having the wetness indicator and the umbilical cord notch helps keep the area from getting irrotated
Pampers products are definitely the best! I'd rather use them than Huggies or any other brand! The fit is perfect for my baby's bottom! Love it
Great Diaper..The wetness indicator is perfect to know whether or not your little one is wet. Never had a problem with leaks!!!
We shopped around in the very beginning and found Pampers to be the best for our child. Pampers is great for sensitive skin and absorbancy is amazing. We have very few accidents in 3 years. Our child is now nearly potty trained but I would recommend not only the training pants but pampers entire line of products. They have served us well. Thank you Pampers for an amazing product!
As a first time parent we tried a couple brands on our little guy and Pampers were by far the best quality. From month one on we only use Pampers diapers. The blue-stripe indicator on the Swaddlers is an added bonus to an already great product.
I love pampers swaddlers. They are gentle on the babies skin and super absorbent. Great product!
Our new baby came and the hospital gave us pampers as first choice making it easy to start testing the best product for our baby.two weeks later we don't see any problem with pampers so we decided to keep using the brand.Not all the babies are the same but when they do well with pampers it is a wonderful product...
Brooke uses nothing but pampers I am a loyal customer and swaddlers are so soft and do the job right!
My baby loves these diapers.His rash went away when he used Swadllers diapers
I have bought pampers and Huggies. And these are just completely better. I love the style and the softness of the diaper. I've heard many of my friends say that these are a better brand than any other and I agree.
Love these for my daughter. Soft and absorbent! Minimal leaking and good coverage. Easy To tell if diaper needs to be changed via color changing indicator strip. Smells nice too. Tried other brands as well and they weren't as good as pampers swaddlers.
Love these they are better than any other brand. They hold up very well
This product keeps my son dry and comfortable . Lets your know time to change with the front indicator .i alway get for my friends for their baby shower too try out .
I love Pampers swaddlers, I have tried other brands and always go back to the swaddlers!
Pampers Swaddlers are wonderful diapers. They are super absorbent and last through the night. The wetness indicator is so helpful. My only concern is the relative high cost of these diapers, but the high quality makes it worth it.
I received all brands of diapers at my babyshower so we got to experience them all first hand and my top pick was definitely pampers! They fit perfectly and the absorbency is great along with the wetness indicator!
We are big fans of all Pampers products. Both my sons never had a problem with rashes or with how the diapers fit. The only time they ever leaked was when it was time to move up a size. Other than that, they last comfortably through the night and keep skin dry. In the day they can run around and play, even pull on the diaper and they don't rip or fall off. I would never buy anything but Pampers. They are, hands down, the best brand and the most reliable.
These were the first diapers I used when my son was born. In my opinion, they did the best job at containing those messy blow outs....totally worth the price. Saved lots of clothes! Tried another diaper & went right back to the swaddlers.
Huggins diapers leaked when I used them but pampers were perfect. It is genuinely good
Since the day my son was born we have ONLY used pampers swaddlers. I recommend them to every mom to be! We love them!!
im a mother of one beautiful little girl and I have been using Pampers Swaddlers since the day she was born.
The material is soft on baby's skin and the fit is snug and the fit is comfortable. The diaper is absorbent and much more effective than other diapers at keeping baby dry.
I definately recommend swaddlers. We use them ourselves and our son, who is 4 months now has been in pampers swaddlers since birth. Just be weary of large loads they can sometimes travel up the back of the diapy's! Otherwise your in good hands!
I absolutely love these diapers. My son was allergic to a few different brands and these are perfect for him.
Pampers swaddlers are deff the best diapers out! I've tried all the other brands, even the off brands and my son always leaks threw them, but rarely ever with these! Swaddlers are softer than the rest too! You might a little more but it's soo worth it!
I am a first time mom. When getting ready for my little one I researched everything. The one thing I didn't even blink about was what brand of diaper I was going to use. Pampers was an automatic choice. My sister used the brand and countless other friends and family.

Thank you for being a constant in our journey!
As a new mom, I already had to try different brands of diapers to see which one is best for my newborn baby boy. I discovered that pampers swaddlers have been the best ones for my baby. They have been the best fit for my son, so I've experience less accidents compare to the other brands. I'm also pleased with how comfy my baby is since they're super absorbent! I definitely recommend this product :)
These diapers are so soft and cuddly on baby's skin. We've had no issues with leaks unlike with other brands.
Pampers diapers are amazing! I just had a little girl who was a month early and the premie swaddlers fit her so well. We have not had any issues with leakages or blowouts.
I wish they were cheaper, but you have to pay more for great quality! They seem softer and more absorbent than Luvs or Huggies. Pampers Baby Dry helps with dryness, but Pampers Swaddlers provides the most comfort.
These diapers are great. They contain blow outs very well. Great value.
My daughter who is now 3 was in Pampers Swaddlers for almost her first two years. I absolutely loved these! They kept her so dry. Even when she was really wet, the material held the moisture away from her skin! I was disappointed when she out grew these, so it was very exciting for me when Pampers started making the Swaddlers in size 5. I will definitely use these for our next child, too!
2 month old boy with chunky legs-these diapers fit perfect! They don't leak and the coat is worth it.
Would NEVER use any other product line! Great quality and value!
These diapers are so soft and gentle on newborn skin. They are excellent at whisking moisture away from skin and keeping it locked away.
Great diapers, very absorbent and the only ones we use. We have tried other brands but these work the best fir our little girl.
No leaks, like the wetness indicator. Feels very soft to touch
I used Pampers Swaddler when my son was a newborn. They were so soft and fit great. As he got older and his skin was not as sensitive we went with a lower priced diaper. The Swaddlers were wonderful.
My husband and I love them they work great. We are going to use these for every size!
I love pampers! They are very absorbent, and I can leave them on my child for more than a couple hours unlike huggies where you have to change like every half hour or they leak through. I just wish pampers weren't so expensive. If they were cheaper to where I can afford them, I would definitely buy them more often but they are definitely worth the expense.
super great! my baby loves them, he has not fussed or had any rashes, super absorbent! won't stop buying!
I used pampers 6 years ago with my first daughter. i think now the pampers are a much better quality and use them always with my second daughter.
These are great pampers. I have tried other brands and always come back to these. They last throughout the night with no leaks.
I love these diapers. With other brands he wakes up in the morning wet from the diaper not being able to hold it all, but I know if I put Pampers Swaddlers on him he will be comfy and dry!
For our little one, Pampers had the best absorbancy. We tried another brand and all it did was leak, so back to Pampers we came and have been with ever since!
I love using these diapers with my three month old daughter. The softness is perfect for her sensitive skin. I definitively choose Pampers over any kind!
I used these diapers when my son was an infant and I loved the fact that the diapers let me know when he was wet. As a first time mom it was great to have a little help knowing when I needed to change my son. I found that I was changing dry diapers too often. I never had a leak or blow out when using them. I would of continued to use these diapers as my son grew but at the time they were not available in bigger sizes. Now they offer them but he is in size 6. I recommend these diapers to all first time moms.
Love them! I no my baby is comfortable and loves the way they fit
We've tried out a few different brands of diapers and we definitely pick pampers swaddlers as our absolute favorite! Good fit and great absorbency!
I absolutely love these pampers they keep my son dry and they move with him as he crawls and walks everywhere.
We loved Swaddlers when our son was very small. The wetness indicator line was very helpful, especially since our son was very sensitive to wet diapers.
My daughter is 7 weeks old. The only diapers I will use on her is Pampers... They r simply AMAZINGGGG
Hands down my favorite diaper. I can confidently use these diapers knowing there will be no irritation or leak.
This diaper was the all time favorite! I loved knowing even if her diaper was damp and being so comfortable for her. I would not use any other brand! There never was a problem with any product I used from pampers. This is the best go to brand:)
Best diapers around and I never have leaks in my twin boys diapers. I won't buy any other diaper.
Absolutely my favorite diaper of all. My newborn is cuddled in the softest diaper imaginable. She has never got a rash from these diapers and has never leaked out of them! They were custom made to her it seems.
pAMPERS ARE MY fAVORITE DIAPERS EVERY SINCE I HAD MY SON ALL I HAVE BOUGHT WAS PAMPERS, NOW ITS ALL MY DAUGHTER WEARS
My favorite diapers so far they are very soft and fit my little girl so well we will keep buying these.
Pampers swaddlers are my absolute favorite product! The greatest aspect of this diaper is the way it fits around my child's waist and legs. There is no gap as there is with other brands. I've rarely had any "accidents" using pampers on my daughter, which is a huge plus! Overall, the softness and fit are amazing and I'd recommend pampers to anyone!
Excellent quality. Super soft. Color-changing wetness indicator clearly lets you know when it is time for a diaper change. Super absorbant. Baby can sleep though the nite without leaks. Fits great. They sit high at the waist, so there is excellent coverage...especially for boys.
I LOVE THE FACT THE SWADDLERS PAMPERS ARE SOFT ON THE OUTSIDE. I'M HAPPY BECAUSE RIT DOESN'T FEEL LIKE PAMPER RUBBING AGAINST MY BABY LEGS.
Good but waaay too expensive! Wish you could lower the price a tad.
I have tried a ton of diaper brands for my 8 month old daughter. I haven't found one yet that compares to pampers swaddlers. My daughter has fewer blowouts with these than any other brand.
After 3 kids I've tried many different brands of diapers and pampers has always been the best. Any other brand I've tried always ends up leaking out of the sides if the baby is moving around but I've never had pampers leak. Very nice if you don't want too keep changing their outfits or bedding. :)
I received a variety of diaper brands at my baby shower. The hospital was using the Pampers newborn that worked great, but when we got home we broke out a box of Huggies. This was our first child so I didn't realize how different each brand really was until we tried out the Huggies newborn and they failed us miserably during a dirty diaper. Back to the Pampers we went!
Great fit; we never have leaks. Love the wetness indicator!
We love the wetness indicatior and how dry these diapers keep our son. From NB and up, these have been the only diapers that he doesn't leak out of. Highly recommend!!
We were given several different brands of diapers at our baby shower, so we were able to try them all before we needed to buy any. Pampers Swaddlers are the best diaper on the market. They have a great fresh baby scent that we love. They fit my son perfectly, unlike some of the other brands that were too large in the leg area, ultimately leading to huge leaks. The wetness indicator is pure brilliance. They hold a lot in without leaking, both number 1 and number 2! They are long enough to go half way up his back so we never have to worry. All in all, I would highly recommend spending the extra few dollars on a high quality diaper such as these. They are worth every penny.
We absolutely love these diapers and so does our newborn! We returned all our huggies for swaddlers. Can't beat em!
These are the best diapers i've used on my son.. Hes NEVER leaked thru them like he had with other brands. Even when we sleep thru the whole night & his diaper is super wet, no leaks. LOVE these diapers!
Pampers swaddlers are perfect. My hospital started me on the swaddlers and I continued to purchase them. Worth the money
I love Pampers Swaddlers!! My daughter has been using Pampers ever since she was born. She'll be 14 months in 2 days. I've used Huggies before to try and compare but didn't quite like it. The absorbency isn't that good. With Pampers, my daughter stays dry even after 12 hours.
Being new to the Pampers brand, I was pleasantly surprised to find my little ones bottom less and less rosy red. I would definitely recommend this product as it seems more comfortable to my little one than when using other brands.
I love these diapers they hold quite well. I love that they are white no design.
These are the best diapers I have yet to use on my son and I will continue to use these diapers every day I can
The smaller the baby, the more the diaper matters.
I loved how soft they were for my newborns skin and the cutout for the belly button is great, no folding required.The wetness indicator is great for a quick peek to see if they need a change. I strongly recommend Pampers Swaddlers for every stage.
Best diapers I have found on the market! Love them and they smell like a sweet baby!
I love Pampers Swaddlers. The best thing about the product is the blue wetness indicator strip. I never had to worry if my husband knew when to change my daughter's diaper. My fear of diaper rashes diminished a lot. He became a professional diaper reader overnight. Thanks guys, you are geniuses! Now, if you could come up with a way that teaches him how to pick up and put away his dirty gym socks!
As new parents we weren't sure which products to choose. After going through all of the "name brands" , Pampers is by far the best. They were a great fit for baby and no leaks!
nice nice nice nice nice nice nice nice nice nice ...
i love their blue line. It was easy for my husband to know if the baby was wet. I recommend for first diaper.
I Love Pampers products. It is soft and gentle for my Little Man.
With all of 4 of our children, we always used the Pampers Swaddlers. We tried other brands, but this diaper fits the baby the best. It has a soft touch for the newest babies coming into the world, which is important to me. They stretch for comfort of the baby, which gives me the comfort of peace of mind as their mother. I always recommend Pampers Swaddlers for new moms!!!! ALWAYS!!!
My baby has used these from new born to the date! I just love them!
Pampers diapers are a 10! They keep my baby dry and happy :)
As a first time mom I really wasn't too sure about what brand of diapers to use and I had received Pampers, Huggies & Luvs, and a couple of store brands as gifts. Well when my son was born the hospital used Swaddlers and I instantly fell in LOVE! The indicator strip on the diapers is extremely helpful with newborns because they don't really "go" a whole lot and the strip makes it easier to tell if they have without having to touch/feel the diaper of a newly circumsized baby boy (yikes!) not to mention they were extremely SOFT! The others often left imprints on my son's diaper area which I'm sure was quite uncomfortable for my little man and some didn't hold nearly as much fliud as the Pampers brand did.
I used these diapers for my daughter for the newborn size up unto the size 3. I loved these when she was first born because of the cut out for the umbilical cord and I loved the wetness indicator, it let me know when she was wet without waking her up or bothering her.
These diapers are great ,best ones i've used yet !
As a first time mother I had no idea which brand would work best for my son. It just so happened that I was gifted with the Pampers Swaddlers and fell in love. Now this is the only brand oh diapers AND wipes that I use because they work so well. They truly do kepp my son dry for up to 8 hours.
I have used Pampers on 3 children for the past 7 years. I have loved these diapers as compared to others and recommend this product.
love that the yellow line turns blue when the diaper is wet.Very good product and fits the baby well and easily adjusts to her movements
Very happy with pampers swaddlers. They run true to size and are a good value for the price.
great product ,I recommend to any mom it help me alot
Pampers Swaddlers diapers are very good in absorbency. It fits my baby well. I like its wetness indicator feature the most. It feels like cotton not like plastic.
We have used these for 2 years on my daughter and son! We switch between these and cruisers and have never had to stray away. Never leak, never smell. Pampers make great products!
We have tried other diaper brands and even other Pampers diapers and none compare to Swadlers. We are close to potty training and hope that the pull ups will be just as good.
I was given these diapers in the hospital, and have continued to use them for the past 5 weeks of my daughter's life. She has NEVER gotten a rash and I believe it is because of how well these diapers wick the moisture away from her sensitive skin. My husband and I also REALLY like the color changing strip on the diapers, that way we know for sure whether or not it's time to change our little one.
We use these diapers in our NICU and they always keep our little ones dry and comfortable!
I have been using Pampers Swaddlers since I brought my son home from the hospital! I love them and they fit him well. Also have never had a problem with him peeing out of his diapers even overnight.
When I had my 1st child, 8 yrs ago, I tried everything as a new mom. Pampers always worked best and have still been the best I've found... and I'm now on my 3rd child! Will never spend my money on any other brand!! I even listed it as my preferred brand on our baby registry.
I love how Pampers Swaddlers fit my daughter. The softness and absorbancy are perfect for her soft skin. I love the wetness indicator. This is a great product!
As a first time mom, we have tried all the different brands of diapers and found that Pampers Swaddlers work the best! Love the wetness indicator. This diapers fits our son the best!
it is soooo soft ... My baby never had discomfort with these .. I tried store brand and didn't have the same experience as swaddlers
I would just like to say that as a first time mother. I absolutely love Pampers and wipes. In the hospital I was given pampers, I ran out at home and tried another brand. My son kept waking up in wet cloths and soaked diapers. I switched back to Pampers as soon as possible and have had no issues since. Thank you for making such durable diapers!
These diapers are amazing! Everything about them is perfect!
You really don't need these for older children. I love that my hosiptal always has this brand.
Pampers swaddlers are excellent .they fit very well for my boy.really I love pampers
Great diaper for my newborn. They fit him great and the color change is great for first time moms. Would buy again and again.
I think these diapers are perfect for the first few weeks home from the hospital. I have used them for all 3 of my children. I love the wetness indicator and umbilical cord notch. They are super soft and feel comfy too!
My son wore Swaddlers in the hospital and we fell in love with them. He had the least amount of leaks and explosions in these compared to other competitors. He has worn them up through size 3 when we switched to Pampers Cruisers. I recommend them to all of my friends!
Although I've never used any other diapers with my daughter because, she is my first. I couldn't imagine switching they keep her dry and I love the line that indicates when the diaper is wet. My daughter was tiny when she was born so we still had to roll down the top of the diaper when she had her umbilical cord so the notch for the umbilical cord then really make a difference for us. Very satisfied with them overall.
The hospital used them on our newborn baby and we continued with them at home. We are extremely satisfied with their performance and the wetness indicator is the best part.
We started using a different brand of diapers and my daughter pees soo much at night every morning she woke up wet. Until we found pampers swaddlers!! Never had that problem again.
Great diapers for my baby. I absolutely love them.
Swaddlers are super soft and fit great! Love the blue strip on the front that lets you know when baby is wet. I also work in the children's hospital and all we use are pampers products.
My husband and I are first time parents to a beautiful little girl. At the birth of our baby, many of our friends showered us with gifts of things that we would need. Most of the parents brought us pampers. As our little one grew and the diapers and diapers kept being changed, my husband and I got to compare first hand which brand we liked best, we literally had a little of them all! Not only did pampers keep her dry, but the wetness indicator was so easy for us to know she needed to be changed. No other diaper had that, which is why we are staying with pampers!
I would recomend the pampers swaddlers for night time diapering. They fit well, hold a lot and baby sleeps good!
I tried multiple brands of diapers and Pampers is by far the best brand out there. The price is higher for these diapers, but the quality of the diapers is outstanding.
I love the diapers, have used them for multiple babies and will continue to. No more middle of the night diaper changes.
I loved that I was able to use pampers saddlers for my toddler. It just takes me back to when my toddler was a baby and how soft the newborn diapers were. The swaddled diaper is soft, absorbent and it doesn't sag. We really love this new line from pampers.
First time parents? Pick these up, they are fool proof. We thought we knew about babies and diapers till we had our precious girl and realized we didn't have a clue. These really help take the guess work out with the color changing strip. They are great!!!
Great quality and always what we expect! Great for sensitive skin too
I love how soft the swaddles are on baby's bottom. I am amazed at how well it keeps big bowel movements contained in diaper. Would never use any other brand of diaper.
Being a first time mom, we were given many brands to try on our little one. After going through all of them, when it was time to purchase, we buy pampers!
I loved this product as it's giving physical comfort to my baby .
Based on how good the quality is and the value of the item.
I used Pampers with my first son. When we had our second son we switched to an off brand for the two of them because of the expense. After using the off brand for less than a month we came back to Pampers. The feel and absorbency was ten times better than the off brand. The expense is a little high, but overall is a way better diaper.
My son is rather large for his age 103% overall and it's impossible to keep a dry diaper on him. Pampers keep the moisture away from him and fit him far better than any other brand we have tried! Other brands were too snug or did not absorb well enough. So happy with this product!
As new parents, we have tried numerous different brands and styles of diapers, and we have found a home with Pampers Swaddlers. By far the best!!!
I bought pampers with my first child, and they were perfect. Never any leaks. And with my second child now, I knew just what to use from the start. Go Pampers!
These diapers are the best!!!
I've tried a lot of different brands... But I always go back to pampers.
We have been using these diapers for 6 months and really like them. Our son stays dry and we are very happy with the fit! Would recommend to anyone!
I used Pampers Swaddlers for 2 months before trying out various products from Pampers. It is a great product to use if your baby feels comfortable and the color changing indicator is awesome!
These are good diapers I recommend them for people to buy
Love the quality of the diaper. Very absorbent and the wetness indicator is a plus!
i knew from when my husband and i first started discussing diapers that Pampers would be what we chose his whole family was raised in Pampers and so was I. I used Pampers from the time my little girl was born, i loved the way they felt how they fit the indicator strip is awesome. In 4 months i have only had 1 diaper fail and it was because it wasnt put on the right way. I also tried Huggies once, baby girl did NOT like them and neither did I. I personally feel that as a first time mommy that pampers is the best option for any first timer
After running out of our pampers newborn diapers, I wanted to try some of the green options out there (7th generation and Honest). Both were enormous for newborns and both leaked. We ran back out ASAP and grabbed pampers swaddlers. The whole family is happy now :)
Pampers are great diapers! They keep the baby dry!
My son came out the hospital using these i love them!
I have bought every diaper brand out there and nothing compares to Pampers. The softness of each diaper, the amount it can hold, secure leak guard, and the color changing indicator...GENIUSSSSS!!!!! Would recommend to all moms!
I love these diapers the best out of all pampers. They rock!
I have used Pampers on both my children and the quality is great in my opinion. I never had an issues with leaks where as in other brands I have and I am grateful I did not have to worry about that when using Pampers!
I have used other brands, but I will no longer. Since my baby was born Pampers has been the best. It keeps my baby dry. No blow outs, like other brands.
Eventually I seitched to baby dry diapers but I was beyond satisfied with these diapers when I started using them
i have used since birth and they are ultra soft and a beautiful fragrance
When looking for a diaper that will take care of your baby, look no further. These diapers are hardy and gentle all in one.
Used with my daughter when she was a baby (6 years ago) and I knew exactly what to use with my sweet little boy!
Although pricier than a lot of diapers, pampers quality is what keeps me purchasing again and again!
My son and I prefer pampers swaddlers over any other brand. He's been in them since day one at the hospital. We tried other brand but he would wake up in the middle of the night in soaked clothes but the diaper was somehow still dry. Pampers don't leak, are comfortable for my baby, and they smell good too!
Pampers are the only diapers we use! The fit is great on our son, they've never leaked and are very absorbent. The wetness indicator is very helpful.
We tried kinds of wipes.The sensitive wipes are the best, really mild, and gently clean.
Great product as always! I love pampers for my baby!
My boys are 21, 8 years old and our wonderful surprise Nick who is 6 months old - I have used Pampers for all three of them, because of the way they fit. I love the indicator!
Absolutely love Pampers for my little girl. Super absorbent and never leaks!
I love papers diapers, especially the baby dry ones. My son gets one every night before bed and he sleeps anywhere from 8 to 12+ hours per night in the same diaper. Any other diaper and he wakes up. He even wakes up when he wears the new 12 hour swaddlers at night. I don't know why, but he only lasts 12+ hours in the baby dry diapers. Although I cannot afford papers exclusively anymore, I make sure I have the baby dry for nighttime. I've never had a problem with them, and I, like most mom's, value sleep!
My daughter has very delicate skin and pampers were perfect for her. It kept her dry and she wouldn't become irritated. My daughter was a large chunky monkey and they fit her perfect without being uncomfortable around her thighs. I highly recommend Pampers for anyone that has a child with sensitive skin!! Don't try saving a dollar. In the long run Pampers is the best financially and health wise
Pampers was the only diaper brand that did not leak. We loved the swaddlers because the blue line told us when our baby was wet. This feature came in handy during the first few months because it is not always easy to tell if the diaper is wet when you wake for those 2am feedings without the blue line.
I have used Pampers Swaddlers since my son was born in October and I love the product. I never had a Swaddler diper leak and I was given every brand at my baby shower and used them all. I found the other brands say there quality diper's don't leak but they do. I will use Swaddlers until my son is potty trained.
I love to use pampers for my one year old daughter i know she will stay dry all throughout the night. They are also a great fit.
Really keeps your baby dry. Great product! Will only buy pampers products!
I love the fit of the swaddlers and the change me line indicator. My daughter is on medication which makes her go ALOT at one time! Pampers swaddlers never lets me down! Even her biggest messes stay where they are suppose to stay with our favorite swaddlers!
I started with Swaddlers for my newborn and loved them. Fit great, no leaks, love the wetness indicator. Then someone gave me a package of other diapers so I figured I'd use them since they were free. I was so wrong! The time and money it cost me to pre-treat and scrub the mess made by the constant leaks was terrible! I'm sticking with the Swaddlers.
Pampers Swaddlers keep my active baby dry. They have the helpful strip that turns blue when wet. They fit well keeping all that baby sends out contained within the diaper.
Love these wipes! They don't have an overpowering scent, and they clean up great! And they are gentle for my little one who is sensitive to other wipes. Love them!
I'm a new mom, and as such never really thought about picking a diaper brand. While we were in the hospital, these were the diapers they gave me. They're great! The umbilical cord notch didn't quite line up with my son's belly button, and I'm not that big of a fan of the Sesame Street characters, but I've never had a leak (even when daddy didn't quite put it on all the way). The color change stripe is fantastic and Tyler has never gotten even a tiny bit of diaper rash. I have a box of Huggies someone gave me when he was born-months later they're still untouched. I couldn't be happier
Our Furst Baby and we bay all diaper brands, but now we just use Pampers:) Very like it
We love the diapers from pampers. Super absorbent and doesn't leave a popcorn smell like other diapers.
The first time I entered the diaper isle I remember being totally overwhelmed. I called my husband, "how am I supposed to know what to get?!" I walked out empty handed and confused. Friends and family members gifted us with several different brands of diapers when our son was born. We tried them all and found that Pampers was the best. I mean, if the hospital uses the brand, it's probably the best. And its true! Leaks happen for newborns no matter what you do, but with Pampers we had the least, also no rashes!
I love pampers cruisers because it fit perfectly and absorb really good. I would highly recommend to everyone this product. I've tried many types of diapers but this one is the best.
We loved using these diapers. They were great! No complaints here!!!
My baby always wears Pampers. I find them to have the best fit.
I love pampers. They are great on my baby and especially at nights, and wipes they are so soft and gentle on my baby's bottom.
I love the wetness indicator! It's a great quick check.
No leaks, fits well and no rashes. Both my son and daughter have eczema. Pampers is the only disposable diaper that does not irritate their skin.
These diapers really take away the wetness from the baby bottom. Will keep buying these for sure.
I've used Pampers wipes since day 1. I was given other brands of wipes as gifts and didn't like them as much.
I went through every brand out there, because let's face it, diapers are expensive! I went back to Pampers, and it is the only diaper I will use.
Very good, I like it.
Very good, I like it.
Very good, I like it.
We just started using pampers last night. After what would have been a blowout diaper. It kept everything away from his skin only had to use one wipe. Will be buying pampers from now on.
Pampers swaddlers are the way to go! I love the indicator line! I tried other brands like huggies but it seemed like everytime my baby did number two it came right out the back of the diaper but with the pampers swaddlers this never happens!
My daughter has been wearing pampers swaddlers since she was born (now 4.5 months). We have never had any leakage issues and they fit her well! I change her once over night and there is never any issues, they are super absorbent. They may be pricier than other diapers, but well worth it!
We were originally using pampers then switched to a cheaper store brand. We had to immediately switch back because our daughter developed a rash within hours of using the other brand! Pampers are the best!
I love the indicator! Now I don't have to guess if he's wet or dry. Wish they had this when my daughter was a baby!
Swaddlers are the best diapers around. When we were asked for our shower what kinds of diapers we wanted it was a No Brainer . . . Pampers . . . Swaddlers . . . Nothing Else. We were thrilled that size 4 came on the market in time for our 2 year old to head into them. They are so comfortable for both of our littlest girls and the show wet stripe makes checking our newborn so easy.
i like it very much, especially the indicator. It is soft and fits my baby very well.
My son is 5 months old an never yet have we had a blow out nor his clothes being wet from overage of urine...we love love love these diapers
Only diapers I prefer for my 8 months old DD because of their quality.Best for overnight protection.
I absolutely love the pampers swaddler diapers! I love the changing color indicater! (:
First time mom and very satisfied. Will only use Pampers.
The diapers work great. I've never had a leak! The wetness indicator is a nice feature but it doesn't work for stool. I wish the prices were lower for this brand for me to purchase it more.
Compared to all other brands, Pampers are, by far, the ABSOLUTE BEST!! I will never put another brand on my babies!! This mommy's choice is Pampers!!
Pampers is the only brand I use! They fit my daughter wonderfully and they don't leak...I love the color changing line on them as well...very helpful!!
My oldest son has a very sensitive butt and these diapers have never caused him any type of diaper rash. I think it is fantastic that they make them bug enough that he can continue to wear them till he is potty trained.
Swaddlers were my favorite until my son went up to size 4. He moved more and Cruisers became my favorite. I loved the wetness indicator and still do. My store was out of Cruisers so I bought swaddlers and the 5s still had the indicator. Definately a fantastic idea to add to cruisers.
Most of all we prefer swaddlers as they are soft, comfortable and baby's skin is always dry! And I can also see if it is empty or not thanks to a stripe changing color from yellow to blue!
I have had the sample of this and huggies from the hospital for my newborn, i have to say pampers all the way. They never leaked on me or gave my baby a rash! Very clean and "fits" just right for my newborn.
Great absorbency and really comfortable fitting for my 4 month old daughter...
I have 2 LO and have tried a lot of brands but came back to only using Pampers because of the quality!
Pampers Swaddlers were introduced to my husband and I in the hospital. The blue strip indicator is a great tool. My baby rarely cries when he has a wet diaper because he is not uncomfortable. Even when his diaper is very wet, he stays dry. I love these diapers!
My favorite diaper so far. I just wish they fit like huggies with the little elastic in back
keep my baby dry all night!!..................................
Pampers is my first choice!! They stay dry, don't have a urine odor like other brands!! I always give Pampers as gifts also!!!
I love the swaddlers! I only used them with my son because he never leaked. Now with my daughter, I know she'll never leak either because they work so well. my husband love the wetness indicator. He says it takes the extra thought out of it. We will never buy anything other than swaddlers!
The only brand we get little to no leakage. Love them
I love these diapers! These diapers are my absolute favorite and they are the only thing I put on my baby!
The Swaddlers diapers are the only diapers that I use on my daughter.
I am a first time mommy and I didn't know what diapers I needed all I knew was that I wanted Pampers! I made a great choice with going with the Pampers Swaddlers I love that the yellow line turns blue once my daughter has peed in them! They really helped me learn how often I need to change her.
I have tried many different brands, but so far Pampers is the best.
pampers are the only diapers to use, they are super swaddlers for newborns and up, super absorbancy and love the stripe to tell if baby is wet or dirty, would never use any other product!
We love pampers swaddlers! We received Huggies, Luvs, and parents choice as gifts but none compare to pampers! We actually threw those away & only use pampers products!! Also the line on the back is near and makes it easy to check there diaperr!
These are the most absorbent diapers we have tried! We love how well they hold up at night. Our son has been in these diapers since birth. He is currently 9 months old and never had diaper rash. I give full credit to Pampers on that and am very thankful for the quality of their products!
Love these diapers. They don't leak like other brands and have a great fit.
I love these diapers they are great and they keep my baby dry overnight.
These are by far the best diapers! Try hold up better than any other diapers.
I have used swaddlers for all 4 of my babies. Every time the get better! I don't know how a good thing can get much better but they do. Pampers is great for constantly trying to improve their products. I have tried the cheaper knockoffs but they aren't even close to worth it due to extra hassles caused by lack of aborbancy and ill-fitting.
On our fourth baby girl and Pampers Swaddlers were the way to start off each one. Soft and well fitting for new babies. Dry for the moments they are sleeping and wish to remain that way.
These are our go-to everyday diapers whenever we use disposable diapers.
Prices are more comparable, diapers have better absorbency, and the fit is better than any Huggies diaper on the market. The wetness indicator is a huge plus, too!
happy with the product and glad that bigger sizes are available. personally I wouldn't use over night unless you have diaper changes in between, other then that I have no complaints
Pampers swaddlers are perfect! They indicator saves me a lot of time and for this first time mom it is a plus. I do wish they absorb a little better but otherwise they are great!!!
The only newborn size diaper I would use on my son!
Bought these before my son was even born and use them during the day and the baby dry at night and love them both and so does he! He's never had a diaper rash or any rash at that. A must have for any parent and baby!
These are by far my favorite diapers. They never leak, even through the long nights and they are super soft on baby's skin. I've never had a problem with fit or any type of skin irritation. I'm so happy they make them in size 5 now. I was given so many top brands of diapers for my baby shower and was glad when I got through them all so I could buy Pampers Swaddlers exclusively.
My son started wetting himself during the night. Baby Dry keeps him dry all night long. Plus, these diapers are much more soft than Huggies.

My only issue is with size 2 baby dry diapers. The elastic closures are stiff and don't stretch.
As a new mom I loved the wetness indicator so I knew when the diaper was wet and didn't worry about diaper rash forming.
Originally I had gotten a box of pampers as a gift before my son was born. Now they're one of the only brands we buy!
There is sometimes an odor coming from the wet diaper. Love the softness of the outside of the diaper.
Pampers Swaddlers were recommended from my friends and have been the only diapers we have used for our baby boy. They are very absorbent and can keep my son sleeping comfortably through the night. We love these diapers!
I love the swaddlers diapers, espeially for the infant stages. They fit great, rarely leak and my husband especially loved the wetness indicator stripe! The only negative is the price. I would buy them more if the price was lower.
We love Pampers Swaddlers. Even when our son has a blow out there is no leakage. Pampers has the best products.
As a new mom, and dad we didn't know what was going to be the best type of products to use for our new baby. The hospital started our little one on swaddlers but we wanted to know more about other products. Well we came back to the swaddlers because they of how well they fit and work. Having that yellow line turn blue is also a big help. This is the one product that we couldn't cut corners on and have loved it since day one.
Before my daughter was born we got plenty of samples and when she was born we wear excited to see witch one would work best but she was so small she was in premee dipers and the hospital used pampers and they wear grate we tried the different ones when she finly got big enough but we are sticking with pampers we love them
Awesome diapers, pampers is the only diapers I buy! My baby sleeps all night long!! I have not had one problem with it leaking!
Becoming a new mom, you get bombarded with all these new products and brands. When we tried pampers, we stuck with them. The color indicator is my husbands best friend. He could never tell when the baby needed changed without it. The price is where all the others are and the dryness is far better than any other product out there.
After using various brands of diapers, which I received as gifts, I have come to the conclusion that Pampers Swaddlers are my absolute favorite.
Love them!! Happy mommy happy baby!! Wish they went to size 7
I love the Pampers swaddlers for when your baby is a newborn. The line is so handy to tell if they have peed.
I always recommend Pampers to new moms I know. They are the only diapers that I have found that keeps my babies the driest and helps prevent diaper rash. I love Pampers!
Diapers fit my baby perfectly. We buy all their diapers.
Love the absorbency. Baby stays dry all night long !
Been using the Pampers Swaddlers - Sensitive - Diapers since the day my Daughter was born, and my Fiance and I Absolutely Love Everything about them!!! The Quality is second to none in Every Box we open, the Fit is Perfect, they Absorb more then what you could ever imagine, they Never leak threw not matter how full they can be at times, and there's never any moisture/wetness on my baby's skin they always keep your baby bone dry! Another great feature is the Big Boxes and High Quantities they are available in! I would Never put my Daughter in any other diaper but a Pampers Swaddler (Sensitive)!!!!
Swaddlers are great diapers. They are worth the money!
I tried other brands & nothing compares to the Pamper brand items! These diapers kept my son dry & they protect from smelling . Keeps them fresh,dry & happy!
We have been using these diapers since my first was born in 2012. The swaddlers are the only diaper that don't give my kids terrible rashes, and they fit so well. Other diapers are bulky or feel like they are made of stiff paper. The swaddlers feel like fabric. I was so happy when they started being made up to size five! Now that I have another newborn, I'm not messing around with other brands.
Pampers have always fit the best on our son and seen to be comfortable and keep him the driest.
I have tried other diapers but Swaddlers are by far the best. There is no seeping and the hold for a great amount of time.
Hands down best diapers ever!! Little to no accidents!!
These diaper worked very well for our newborn. The wet line is very useful and they fit snugly.
The only night time diapers I will use on my kids.
I like quality of pampers. Also the best thing about pamper swaddlers is that it has wetness indicator.
Like the fit and the wet indicator. Great fit. Smiles...
Swaddlers are by far my favorite diapers! I loved how they kept my newborn son clean and dry.
Great absorbency and fit. Toddler able to sleep through the night without changing him, and clothes dry in AM with a full diaper.
I love pampers for both of my girls. My only request would be to have night time diapers for smaller diapers for all sizes of diapers.
I love about pampers swaddlers, that their line tells me how wet my baby girl is. Great product!
We have been using Pampers Saddlers since our baby was born, no other diaper is as soft & absorbent.
Compared to any other diaper we have tried Pampers Swaddlers fit the best and avoid leaks. They will last all night as well.
We love Pampers! The diapers have saved us many times from some "crazy" moments :)
Pampers are the best diapers I have used so far. I tried Huggies and did not like them and tried generic and my son broke out from them. We love pampers!
I loved having these on our little guy when he was a newborn!!!
I tried all other brands and they leaked and smelled terrible. Cruisers absorbs so much and doesn't have a horrible odor like other brands. They fit great, I have 2 in diapers and they are incredible.
I have tried a lot of diapers from various companies but nothing and no one compares to Pampers. They are simply the best!
Great quality product been using it for both my kids.
Love swaddlers . They absorb great. Love these for new borns
I love these diapers. The wetness line makes it easy to keep my baby dry.
Love the product. Stay dry, not bulky at all. Fit great but a little in the price side.
Mom of a 7 month old who sleeps all night (8hours plus) She wakes up dry and happy with pampers swaddlers!!!!!
Just bought swaddlers for my almost 2 year old. They were so soft, and she loved the new designs.
I have tried many diapers and swaddlers are still my favorite. I love how soft they are like a blanket. My young sister used to have very sensitive skin, and Pampers is all she could use.
We love papers and being on baby #2 we have had our blowout experiences... there is no way to contain them but pampers do the best at minimizing them!
Best diapers for my little one. They are soft, absorbent, and smell fresh through the diaper changes.
Great quality of a diaper! Holds up even when there are times that you can't change them right away!
Victoria likes her milk before she goes to sleep. My wife gives her a 4-once bottle 3 times a night. You can imagine how full her diapers in the morning. But that is not the case with Pampers Swaddlers diapers. They real absorb. Congratulations Pampers these Swaddlers are the best. They seem to last and last and last!!
These are the only diapers I use on my son. The only times I have had any issue with them was while My son was moving from one size to the next but that was more due to his growing body than the diapers themselves.
Very durable and have worked well for me and my kids.
I've tried all kinds of diapers but always go back to pampers. They are the only diaper that keeps my baby dry through the night.
Love the swaddlers! Don't leak, no rashes and they smell great!
I love Swaddlers. They are the perfect fit and are so soft. They are perfect for my little man. They also provide great over night protection. It is a relief knowing he can sleep through the night and not having to worry about changing his diaper.
I have tried other products, but none compare to Pampers. I will never use any other product for my kids!
These are the best diapers! I'm so glad they come in bigger sizes now too. They are soft and gentle on my son's skin, but also very absorbent and effective! The wetness indicator helps save time and energy -- no need to fight about a diaper change if it's still yellow.
Pampers Swaddlers is the only diaper I have found that works the best for my 4month old baby girl. Great absorbency and quality.
I find all pampers products to be very reliable for my 5 month old son. I have tried huggies, target, and pampers has always won out on keeping my son dry.
Fit great and are super absorbent without having a bulky fit. Love them!
Great product. Only diapers we use/have used for our two little ones. We have a boy and a girl, and they work great for both of their needs!
Great product - he can wear it all night without leaking!
Very good product. I do not need to worry about up to 12 hours
I really like pampers SWADDLERS over other brands. The only time I've had a blow out is if I put the diaper on wrong.
I have two children.. a 14 year old and an 8 week old... Thus far with the newborn.. I'd have to say that Pampers Swaddlers are my absolute favorite and those are what we will buy going forward. We love how they keep my daughter's bottom dry. Also love the yellow/blue indicator.. sometimes without that I wouldn't even know she was wet...
I enjoy this product. Great price and quality. Love these.
I won't use any other diaper brand on my son they never leak and keep him dry
I have bought pampers for both my boys and love them. They fit how they should for each stage of infancy through the toddlers stages. I recommend pampers to all parents, new or experienced!
I absolutely love Pampers, the absorbency is maximum and they are super comfy for my little one. Extra soft and extra strong wouldn't go another way!
I always liked the pampers sensitive diapers.they were the only ones my baby could wear when she was small .
I have tried several different diapers and Pampers Swaddlers is definitely my favorite. The fit is great on my baby, I like the wetness indicator, and I have not had any issues with leakage like I have with other types of diapers. It is also soft and comfortable fitting on my baby.
I used pampers swaddlers on all 3 of my babies and they have not failed me yet! The quality is by far the best, so soft and comfortable for my babies! They might be a few dollars more than other brands but it is worth it, not near as many blowouts. Our 5 month old wears them overnight and she doesn't wake up with wet pajamas. The absorbancy is great and I would recommend them to anyone!
I love the pampers swaddlers. We tried some different brands we had received at our baby shower and they do not come close. We have stayed with swaddlers since our son was born and he is now 6 months old. They fit great, absorb great, and do not leak. Therefore, less messes! Yay!!
3 kids and pampers has proven time and again that they can be trusted. Thank you for less mess!!
The diaper quality is superior. I would definitely recommend this product.
My husband and I decided to use Swaddlers with our newborn daughter and we were so pleased with that decision. The diapers fit well, the wetness indicator was a great feature, and the diapers absorbed waste well. Will be using them for our second child.
Excellent diapers all around! Soft and comfortable, great absorbency, no issues with leakage! Absolutely love the wetness indicator! Swaddlers were provided in the hospital when my son was born and we used them through size 3 up to this point. Great product!
We started using pampers swaddlers and pampers sensitive wipes while my twins were in the NICU. We loved them so much we've never used anything else.
As a first time mom, I ask my mommy friends for advice. The bottom line is they can't agree on anything except Pampers Swaddlers. These were the diapers he was sent home with from the hospital and I stocked up while pregnant. I have not been disappointed. Very few leaks and he is now almost 7months. He sleeps 10-12 hours at night and I do not need to wake him to change the diaper. These fit well and do the job!
I love Pampers Swaddlers diapers. The only diaper worn by my son. He's now at stage 3.
I've been using pampers brand with my son since birth, and he just turned two. I wouldn't use any other brand.
We got introduced to Swaddlers while at the hospital. We loved them so much that we exchanged all the other diapers we had received as gifts for Pampers Swaddlers! Our little guy stays dry and happy all the time!
We love Pampers!!! We are now to the cruisers and they move so well and stay dry! I just wish the price would come down a little but I tried the cheaper ones and you get what you pay for!! Would recommend Pampers to everyone!
These are diapers that our hospital used when our baby girl was born and these were what they provided for us to take home. So if the hospital stands behind these diapers, then they have to be pretty good. After we quickly used up the supply the hospital provided, we purchased more and were not disappointed. They fit well and absorb without leakage. Plus, they seem a lot softer than the other major leading brand, so my baby girl has no complaints.
I feel like I receive a better product for my money with Pampers Swaddlers. I loved the umbilical notch on the Newborn size and would certainly recommend those diapers for newborns. I felt like it was the best product to use to protect my newborn from irritation.
The only diaper that wont break my son out and the prices is great.
Love Pampers Swaddlers! They offer an absorbancy strip that tells you if your baby is wet or dry and they don't leak! Would recommend to anyone over any other diaper out there and we've tried them all!
I LOVE Pampers! I have used them for both of my children and will continue to use them. I have tried other brands of diapers but they just do not compare. Neither one of my kids has had diaper rash and I would like to think that because of the quality of the Pampers diapers is why that is true.
So perfect and true to their promise. They have enhanced features making them a must!
Pampers swaddlers are the only diapers that work for our son. They never leak and give clear indicators when baby has a dirty diaper via the changing color line. A must buy!
I really liked how the swaddlers fit my baby, hugging her all around and making me more confident that it would protect from leaks (this was the best part, because when she started having accidents and leaks from other diapers, I started using these more consistently because it always held her poops in!). The color-changing wetness indicator is super convenient and potentially helps with reducing wasted time in checking by opening a diaper or unnecessarily changing diapers.
Our daughter is almost out of diapers, but we have a 5 month old son who's using Pampers now.
i used these diapers when my daughter was months baby.very soft.
Very happy with Pampers! As a first time Mom choosing a diaper can be overwhelming. Through my baby shower I received several types of diapers and Pampers were by far the best, both the swaddlers and the baby dry. I will definitely be staying with this brand!
I LOVE swaddlers!! I had several brands given to me at my baby shower which was nice to see what we like and what worked for your little lady. The hospital used pampers swaddlers and we had so many given to us that it was later that we discovered just how much we loved them. We tried other brands and styles... our little girl broke out and they ruined some outfits when she had blew outs. I felt horrible even trying something on her that now we just but swaddlers and pamper wipes. There are truly a blessing to me and her outfits :)
this diaper is great it fits to my baby and it keeps him dry
I love these diapers. They are the only diapers my son can use without getting a rash.
Ive tried a couple different pampers diaper products and I have to say they never let you down no matter what item it is!!!! I recommend Pampers for anyone who has a baby or is planning to have one
Pampers newborn swaddlers fit perfectly. They are lightweight yet very absorbent. They do an excellent job of wicking away moisture and keeping baby dry.
My baby an me love it, is the best option then others
We really like the Swaddlers. Even with our son being in between sizes both lower and higher sizes fit well. Really like the absorbency which keeps him dry.
I try to use other brand diapers because I can often get them for a cheaper price. I always come back to Pampers because they are consistently comfortable, mostly reliable, quality diapers for my daughter. Thank you!
I love to use Pampers Swaddlers while my babies are newborns (we use cloth afterwards for cost savings). I like the older version better because they were much softer but I do like the wetness indicator. It is great for Grandparents and others that aren't sure if the baby needs to be changed or not.
I started with swaddlers when my daughter was first born and loved them. Once she got moving around I knew I needed something that would move with her. I tried another brand and hated it. They leaked at night and didn't have the absorbency needed. So, I tried Pampers Cruisers and now I don't buy anything else. They keep her dry even when we are super busy and forget to stop for a diaper change.
I received several different brands and types of diapers as gifts before my son was born. By far, Pampers Swaddlers are my favorite. They are soft, absorbent, fit well, and I like the wetness indicator to let me know when my son needs to be changed.
I love the way they fit perfectly on my baby's waist.
When my son was born, the first diaper to touch his perfect skin was a Pampers Swaddler. I have continued to use Pampers because I trust them to keep him clean, happy, and healthy.
Pampers is the ONLY diaper I will use for my daughter! I especially love the Pampers Baby Dry diapers.
They fit my son very well, & I love how soft they are!!!
These swaddlers help me feel good about the soft quality on my sons bottom. Softness is a big deal to me. I want to everything possibly to give him the softest possible diaper. I use these all day and baby dry for night time where he needs more absorbency. THANK YOU!!!!
When my husband and I had our first son we received many different brands of diapers as gifts. We also received a ton of advice as to which diaper was best for an infant boy. After trying the different brands we received as gifts, we quickly realized that the Pamper Swaddler were the best. It was the only diaper that didn't leak, or leave a rash, on my young son. When I came to realize this, I exchanged the rest of the unopened boxes we got as gifts, for Swaddlers. They are a little bit more pricey, and you get a few less diapers, but in the end it's worth it (no leaks and no rash). I am glad to that Swaddlers are now starting to come in larger sizes, 5's and 6's, so as my son grows he will still be able to use the diaper that works best for him!
Being a new parent, I was overwhelmed with all the baby supply options. I polled all my parent friends to see what diaper they liked. Pampers hands down. I got other brands for the baby shower and returned them for Pampers. Swaddlers are the softest for baby's delicate skin. Other diaper brands are stiff. Convenience of disposable but feel of cloth diapers. Pampers customer for life.
I like these for fit. my son is lean but overall a big baby, not chubby or squishy. he has large thighs and narrow waist with a medium bottom. other diapers just fell off or cut off circulation. these are also white. allowing for visual recognition of soiling instead of wondering through a pattern. they are very absorbant, and with minimal organic topical care we have had no diaper rash or infections. this makes them a value. we use fewer than when using cheaper diapers, when baby wasa newborn we didn't have to harass the baby to check for wetness bc of indicator, now at 7 months we use the strip to check frequency of urination to monitor hydration. so no unnecessary changes they fitvwell and the leg openings don't droop until diaper is 100% maxed out first thing in the morning and even that is minimal. I've never had a leak with these. unless he overflowed it with a movement. I've tried about six other kinds, including other types of Pampers. we always come back to these.
I've found Pampers Swaddlers to be the best fitting diaper of all the brands I've bought. They are flexible and soft, and they smell good.
My family and I absolutely love these diapers. They are so soft and great for sensitive skin. All other brands made my babies break out , swaddlers are the only diapers my kids can use . I also love that they do not leak when worn over night like other brands do. These keep mom and baby happy :)
My daughter is now 8 months old, and has never had a leak yet! These diapers are very absorbent, and we don't change her during the middle of the night. After 12 hours of sleep, the diaper is still in tact, and her pajamas are dry!
This is all we use for our two month old baby girl. Haven't had a leak yet.
I love the diapers I use to work at a daycare and a lot of parents loved this brand
I love the pampers diapers because they don't leak and can last while we are traveling or the baby is sleeping
Pampers Swaddlers are the only diapers I use on my son.
Pampers swaddlers are great but I buy them only when I can get a good deal on them!
I HAVE TRIED OTHER BRANDS AND FOUND OUT THE HARD WAY THAT ONLY PAMPERS GOT THE JOB DONE. LOVE THE STRIP THAT TELLS YOU IF MY SON IS WET OR NOT .
I am absolutely in love with these diapers !!! They are the very best diapers to buy for your little bundle of joy and you won't regret buying these !! They are definitely the better brand to buy !!!
I've tried different brands of diapers, particularly because of the price and found Pampers to be of better quality. The price is effective as well as its absorbency. I absolutely love this product and am pleased I chose it.
Pamper swaddled are definitely the best diapers for a baby hands down!
When potty training my 2 yr old I used these. The color changing bar helped him to see that he had an 'accident' and they don't cost nearly as much as the pull-ups.
Best diapers ive used super soft and absorbant love them
These are my go to diaper. Easy to see if your little one needs a change or not and fit is great. A lifesaver for a new parent!
I love the softness and protection that Pampers Swaddlers offers. I especially love though that they now fit up to size 6!
My son has put the test on every diaper and I have to admit Swaddlers are the best ever. They hold very well compare to the baby dry diapers. The Swaddlers last a lot longer, usually I go through diaper quickly. I will not switch to anything else. Thank you Pampers for the Swaddlers!
The swaddlers were a great fit on my newborn and I loved the wetness indicator! It made checking all the bases with a newborn quicker and easier.
I love these diapers. They're perfect for newborns with sensitive skin.
My little one used this product when she was in the nursery. I wasn't sure if pampers was the best of its kind since this is my first child and several diaper products claim to be the best.

Prior to my delivery, I had bought one packet of each diaper company to see which will appease my little one. During the use of my stockpile, I noticed that some brands failed in their absorbency and others were not as breathable to the skin.

Near the end of my stockpile, my relatives and I truly love the Swaddler line. It was easy to check if she is wet from the color change of the line. After a few hours, it is still breathable and dry when she is not wet.

The best thing of all is this mesh, when she poops, it does not adhere as much to her skin as with other brands. It doesn't leak to the sides when changing.

For a first time mom, I definitely stick with pampers!
The Newborn swaddlers work great on my son, who is seven weeks old and weighs about nine and half pounds. They're my favorite disposables for sure.
I really enjoy waking to no leaks. Wonderful product.
this diaper fits very well and perhaps is the most leak-proof diaper in the market. Great absorption that keeps your little one comfortable.
The best diapers that I have ever use for my children.
I've tried several diapers since this is our first child and found that the Swaddlers are the best out there. The convenient strip to tell when they need to be changed is absolutely awesome. Being new to this, any help is amazing and the strip was definitely that. These also stay snug to their leg unlike some of the others that seem to move around a bit. Great diapers!
I love baby Swaddlers! They are so soft and comfortable for new babies! I can depend on them through the night to keep my baby dry!
This diaper is excellent! We've never had a leak with it, but we buy more of the baby dry diapers due to the better overall value.
So my significant other accidently brought home Huggies and I immediately knew that Pampers were the diaper for me. Pampers are of a sturdier diaper than any other and I like the quality of them.
Great for new Moms! Swaddlers lets you know when the dipper is wet
I just switched to these due to the fact I loves them when my kids were born then they made them bigger so I went back to the for my son I love them
Absolutely love them , my daughter has been using them since she was born will not change them for any other brand.
I am in love with all your products. My daughter used to break out but since using only pampers diapers and wipes, she doesn't break out anymore.
We feel this product is good and it is indicating perfectly when it needs to change. By baby's smile we hope baby is feel more comfortable
I love everything about the swaddlers! I am a mom of three, all under the age of two! (my last ones were twins!) I never have to worry about waking them up on the middle of the night to change them, I know that they last 12 hours!
We've tried other brands of diapers and they leak every time. Pampers hugs our little guy and keeps him dry. The absorbancy is wonderful and they're the softest diapers out there. Every once in a while he manages to shoot out the side of the diaper, but that's usually because I haven't strapped it on tight enough or pointed his little guy down. All in all, worth the money!
I will never buy any other brand than Pampers. Nothing else compares!
My baby boy love pampers swaddlers diapers and since he was born is using this pampers and I love it too!!!
I've been using pampers swaddlers since the birth of my son in 2013. I like the fact they don't irritate my son's sensitive skin and provided great leak protection. As a happy customer I've continued to use them with the birth of my daughter in 2014. Thank you for a great product.
stays on well and keeps our little one dry and comfortable thru the night
Great quality and super soft! I wouldnt choose any other diaper for my baby.
Pampers is the only brand that works for my LO. He seems really comfortable in them and I love them for their absorbency. My little guy is a bit bigger then average size and seems to be into the next size before I know it. I am so happy that the swaddlers go to size 5!
I've used these things on both my girls from newborns until they were toddlers! The tabs on them are larger and don't peel off as easy as other brands and I've never had leaks like others either!
I have tried other brands but pampers swaddlers are the absolute best. They are soft, fit well to me baby's bottom and do not leak. I highly recommend them!
I am a new mom who stands by Pampers 100%! I have yet to have a leaky diaper, and even with a very soiled diaper, my son stays dry. I have tried a few other brands, and none compare to Pampers. Pampers are the best fit and best quality!!
they are great! they dont make mt baby rash when he sweats and when he pees
Love pampers product, My baby sleep thru the night.. It absorb really good, no leak until the next morning. really recommended.. Tried Swaddler and Baby dry.. both are good..
I just started using Pampers Swaddlers. I love the color indicator because it actually works in alerting me. Loreal usually cries/wakes up when she is uncomfortable in her diaper but I was amazed how long she went in this diaper without alerting me.
I used Pampers Swaddlers for my first child and am now using them for my second. They fit great and never leak, unlike other brands.
These diapers are great! My baby was only 5 lbs when she was born, and these diapers fit great and kept her dry! I love the wetness indicator line, too! It makes 2am diaper changes that much easier!
We used these when my daughter was a newborn and we loved them. I'm very excited that they now go to size 5! We only buy pampers and love them.
This is my second child, and they are 15 years apart. The quality has improved when using disposable diapers. The wetness indicator on them make checking diapers quick when the baby is fussy. We have yet to have any leaks with the pampers that we had with the other brands we have tried, and believe me it makes a difference. He has yet to have a diaper rash at 4 months old. I contribute that to often diaper changes and the diapers keeping his bottom dry when he is wet. I swore I would never be one of those parents who was like "I'll only buy this brand of diapers." but I have become that parent. We have had bad experiences with all the other brands we have tried. Thank you pampers for keeping my baby dry and comfortable, and making my hectic life just a little more simple.
Perfect fit and last throughout the night with no mess!
I have a five months old baby who uses size three Swaddlers diapers, besides Pampers I've tried two other brands, which one the sticker to hold the diaper wouldn't hold and the other the material looked rough to my baby skin. From Pampers category The Swaddlers Diapers are the best, the material is gentle to my baby skin, the sticker holds really well the diaper, the absorbency are great and my baby is always dry when I change him.
Being a new mom it was overwhelmed with all the choices that need to be made for my little one.I just have to say pampers were recommend to me by all my family members. I loved that they had the indicator line that lets you know when your babies diaper is soiled.
I thoroughly enjoy using these diapers for my son. He stays dry all night and they have very good absorption. I have not had any leaks when he uses them over night and he sleeps for 12 hours a night.
Great fit and super absorbent! Love you yellow strip to let you know when wet.
I have a 3 month old baby and I love using pampers. I've tried using Luvs but they leak and I do not like them. But pampers don't leak and I like the fit. I will be buying pampers for now on.
Keeps the moisture in. Does not leak like most other brands. The wetness indication is helpful and reduces the amount of diapers used. Overall very good product.
At first we tried Huggies brand as that was the brand the hospital used. We quickly learned that those did not exactly fit to our daughter's bottom. So off to Pampers we went to. We chose the Swaddlers because hey come on look at that color changer! That is an awesome feature to have. Our daughter is now nearing 15 months and she still wears the swaddlers. I love them. They are perfect for all day and last awhile too.
At night though, that is the only fault I would say they have they aren't the best for all night time. But perfect for all day time.
These are the diapers they used in the hospital and we absolutely love them. They show the faintest amount of wetness. We received other brands as gifts and they weren't as good. We also had blowouts in the other diapers. The pampers diapers have never failed us. I will never use another brand.
Me and my husband love these pampers for there value and fit
We have tried several brands of diapers and the Pamper Swaddlers have quickly become our favorite. The biggest selling point for us is the wetness indicator. Not many other brands contain this.
Highly recommended! No leaks at all! Excellent product
I have always loved Pampers for babies. They're soft, snuggles the bottom & doesn't leak.
I really liked these diapers and love the wetness indicator. I just wish the big box was cheaper
great quality, easy to know when the diaper needs to be changed, great for first time parents!
I only used Pampers sensitive and Pampers swaddlers on my kids. The other diaper brands feel like trash bags. Not soft at all! I love the wetness indicator on these!
I have used nothing but Pampers Swaddlers since my baby was born on 9/28 and have not been disappointed! The wetness indicator is great and compared to women I know with babies the same age using other diapers, i have zero issues! She has never leaked through a diaper and the only "explosions" we've experienced were one after an overnight and the other during tummy time when her belly seemed to be really upset.
As a new mom, you never know what will work the best. This is by far the best fitting diaper for my little girl.
I have used this product for all three of my kids they work wonders. I would definitely recommend this product to all my friends and family members.
Great quality, no worries about leakage. For my long and lean baby well!
My husband and I have been using these diapers on our baby since she was born. We have tried other diapers but we did not think the quality, fit and absorbancy were nearly as good as Pampers. Its the only brand we will buy.
This is what the hospital gave me when my daughter was born and I have been hooked ever since.
These diapers absorb so much and i like wetness detection
My daughter is now a little over two months, I started her off in the sensitive diapers just in case she was too sensitive to the diapers but as she got older switched to the swaddlers and absolutely love them! My daughter is very skinny and they still work amazing on her! Only one blow out!
I have tried several other brands but not as comfortable and of best quality as the pampers swaddlers.
After our 3 baby showers we received every brand of diapers you can think of. Some caused irritation to the skin some had no wetness protection throughout the night. Pampers has by far been the best quality diaper out there.
Pamper swaddlers are great! I have used them on both of my daughters as babys. Wouldnt use any other brand.
My baby girl was in the NICU for several weeks and all the hospital used was Pampers. After my baby came home we continued to used pampers and I have noticed how Pampers absorbs the wetness all nite, gives a comfort fit around her legs/waist/stomach, and my baby enjoys the feel that the pamper gives. Pampers wipes are just as good as the diapers. I love the smooth feel and I use the sensitive wipes. I recommend all PAMPERS PRODUCTS TO NEW & OLD MOMS!!
My baby is eight weeks old. I have strictly only used pampers swaddlers . She has done absolutely great! I highly recommend them and will keep using them.
I love Pampers!! I will always but this brand! I recommend this brand to every mom!
I love this diapers!

Because it is absorbent and comfortable for my baby, have quality material.
I received a sample in the hospital when my baby was born and I liked them. now only use Pampers brand.
I find that swaddler pampers are more absorbent compared to not only other brands but also pamper crusers. They also have a baby smell . I have used pampers products with all three of my children , although I have tried various brands , pampers has been by far the best!
I use the swaddlers for Cher and I love them! they fit her great and I love the little line that turns blue when its wet. Saves me a lot of time and undressing when I can just peak in and see if she needs a change or not.
Swaddlers are my preferred diaper for newborn stage until walking. They really are the softest and best diaper around!
Great diapers! Leak proof and indicate when diaper is wet. Perfect for newborns and infants. Highly recommend!
When my daughter was a newborn I used strictly Pampers Swaddlers diapers because I loved the way they fit her tiny little body. As she has gotten bigger I love to use Swaddlers diapers during the daytime. They keep her safe from leaks while letting her feel free to play and squirm around!
I absolutely love pamper swaddler I put my son to bed at 9pm and he was at 615am and has no leaks whatsoever. His bottom even still feels dry however the diaper is full. I have tried other diapers and there is no comparison. So mommies if you haven't tried them you need to I promise you want be disappointed.
Love pampers. Don't recommend anything else that's out there. A little pricey which can hurt your pocket if you have a budget but overall the pampers it's self is very good and love the pampers wipes
Only thing we use! My son and daughter were both preemies and these were our favorite from the start!
Absolutely love these never had a leak through, would deffinitly recommend
I love the Swaddlers because they are the softest diaper available! Very comfy!
Bring my first son home from the hospital, I was lost as to what diapers etc to use. After trying different brands, Pampers was the best in quality and price. While they may not be the cheapest diapers... They are certainly the best and absolutely worth the few extra cents per diaper. I'm now expecting my 2nd child and pampers will be my only choice. They keep baby dry, are soft and cause no irritation as I found with cheaper brands. I don't know if it's good mommy points or good diapers points but I can honestly say my child never once had a diaper rash.
I have used many different brand of diapers for my new born and pampers have exceeded my Overall approval. They are supiroir in fit and aborbancy. Other brands I used leaked due to poor fit and aborbancy causing my boy to be very fussy. Some even left nasty jell all over the place. The only brand I trust my child with is Pampers.
based on how well they absorb & dry. if they fit good & if you would use them again.
I've used these diapers in the hospital and ever since I came home. They are super absorbent, and are a great fit for my squirming baby. I don't have to worry about her being uncomfortable in them, because they wick away the moisture. I have no complaints about this diaper.
No rashes, no leaks, not too bulky. No complaints whatsoever
I love using swaddlers especially the first few months. They are very absorbant and so incredibly soft.
I have tried several different diaper brands, and am extremely happy with Pampers Swaddlers, and would prefer them over all other diaper brands. They are soft and fit great on my baby. The great fit keeps my baby from having very few leak outs as opposed to other brands, he was leaking out almost every time he napped. I also really like the wetness indicator.
The hospital my son was born at used these diapers. I really like the indicator that tells you when diaper is soiled. Being a new dad it helped alot
We love Pampers Swaddlers in our house. We brought our daughter home from the hospital in them and they have been our favorite since. We have tried other brands but none beat Swaddlers on for and absorbency. I recommend these to everyone with new babies or babies on the way!
I have always used Pampers. My children were pretty petite. Pampers Swaddlers fit their bottoms perfectly. Not loose fitting or big and saggy. This is my husband's first baby and he loved the color changing wet indicator. We never had any leaks or over night accidents.
Pampers Swaddlers are the only diapers that we use! Great on my babies sensitive skin!
I've tried every diaper because for some most of us money does get tight.bit I've never had any good experience except with pampers I love how soft the swaddlers are and how dry they stay.no matter my budget I'll never buy anything but these.
I've used Pampers products for both of my children since their respective births and I could not be happier. We've dabbled with other brands but we've always come back to Pampers because they are perfect in every sense. The kids were always comfortable in them. I was happy that they fit well and didn't leak. From their first breath to their first steps, it's always been Pampers.
Love that we don't have to change diapers in the middle of the night.
We are first time parents and love pampers in general. My husband favorite part is the line letting him know when our son has a dirty diaper. Pampers keeps to there word on how they advertise their products, also it's true what is said on the boxes of the products. We are not the only ones happy, our son is too!!!
Love these diapers. Does not leak or have an odor.
I've been using paper swaddlers since my baby girl was born , I love the fact that is has a yellow line to tell you when the baby is peed .
I like the swaddlers because of how they soak up the waste & help keep my baby dry. I also like how they have a yellow strip that turns green when she fills her diaper. As a new mom that is really handy. The price isn't too bad either.
I love pampers on my son! Wouldn't use any other brand.
These are awesome diapers! They are so soft, a lot of other brands feel like plastic but these den like they would be comfortable on little tushes. They are absorbent and overall work great for our little one!
Swaddlers are my all time favorite for my non-mobile baby! He has yet to get a diaper rash because they are so great at keeping the wetness off of him. We've only had leaks when it was time to move up in size, which is understandable. He makes it all night in one diaper without leaks or waking up from discomfort.
This brand holds so much more than any other I've ever tried!
I just had my first child in September of 2014, a beautiful baby girl. From day one at the hospital I have been using Pampers swaddlers. They are an amazing fit and so secure for her. I have tried other diapers that were given to me at my baby shower, but nothing has compared to Pampers. I have bought more Pampers products for myself, and for others who are also having babies. I highly recommend this company to anyone who is planning on having children, expecting, and already enjoying their babies. Thank You!!
My daughter and I LOVE the swaddlers!!! My husband and I have used only Pampers product diapers and wipes on our three year old and 5 month old baby girl!!! I love how soft the diapers are to the touch!!! Very much like cloth diapering but without the mess!!!
Ive been using pampers on my 2.5 yr old and 8 mth old since they were born and very happy with it. Theyre both boys and the only thing i would change is the sizing, the recommended size chart is always too small. Even though the weight matches, we have leaks sometimes but when we go one size up we're fine.
Best diaper out there the only kind we purchase at our house!!
Super soft but very durable the only diapers we use!
Excellent quality. Great fit especially for smaller babies. Absorbency is great. Wetness indicator is awesome overall wonderful product.
We love swaddlers!! I especially love the yellow line that turns blue when wet. It's helpful when trying to tell if the diaper is wet. They are super absorbent and last through the night! The fit is great and prevent over spill messes. I love these diapers and will continue to purchase as my baby grows!
I love pampers products. My children are small and still wear diapers and I only use pampers. I tell my friends and family if they want a good quality diaper and will keep their children dry , then pampers is the way to go. Wont change unless pampers changes the quality of their diapers for the worst.
I have tried several different brands of diapers and so far Pampers Swaddlers have been the best! I have not had any issues with leaking even when my son sleeps 7+ hours over night. The only thing I wish pampers had was the elastic fit on the back of the diaper to ensure a better fit around the waist.
Swaddlers are perfect for newborn babies! With other diapers, it's sometimes hard to tell if my newborn wet the diaper or not. Pampers Swaddlers wetness indicator make it easy to tell if my newborn wet the diaper, saving me time and money. I've had two kids and used Pampers Swaddlers with each child. No doubt I'll continue to use Swaddlers on the next kiddo!
These are the only diapers that will keep my little ones dry over night
Love pampers swaddlers. Super soft and absorbent. Convenient wetness indicator
We love pampers. That is all my baby wears and will wear them as long as he can.
I'm a new dad and live these diapers with the wetness indicator strip. And the best part is my Lil man likes them too. Will be sticking with pampers for here on out
I've tried other brands, but Pampers has been my favorite for both of my girls. With other brands, I've had blow-outs that ruined too many onesies. With Pampers, the only time the diaper did not handle the full mess made was when I hadn't moved up a size in time. These keep my babies dry and happy, even overnight.
My baby loves these. I also heard very good comments from our friends which was the reason why i wanted to try them.
Have been using Pampers Swaddlers since the day my daughter was born. Never had a diaper rash and the only time we had leaks, which may have happened less than 5 times, were because we needed to up the size she was wearing. But never any overnight problems. Wetness indicator is great! My daughter is almost ten months old now and we are going to give Pampers Cruisers a try since shes cruising around now. But given my expierence with Pampers Swaddlers I am sure we will both be happy.
I love the swaddled new born pampers! They are super absorbent! I haven't had a problem like other brands with leakage. I love the little print of Sesame Street characters on the pampers super cute. I love that the pamper has the little yellow strip to tell you when to change the diaper when it turns blue. The straps that wrap around the baby are great they don't come undone they stay right where you leave them. I think that price wise it's a great bargain and even more of a bargain when you have coupons. When I was at the hospital they used pampers their and loved them. Thank you for make such a great product keep up the great work.
Awesome diapers. These diapers are the absolute best
These diapers are the softest diapers for all babies now they are made in bigger sizes.
Since my daughter was born she has used Pampers Swaddlers diapers and I have no complaints, they smell pleasant before she uses them and they are convenient because they let us know when she is due for a diaper change.
I love Pampers Swaddlers diapers because they don't leak out and when your child is wet it will show a blue strip.
The Pampers Swaddlers are essential for new fathers. Being a new father myself. I enjoy the simplicity and ease of knowing when my newborn has had an accident. I also like how the pamper is sleek and is not bulky. It is easy to put on and requires little effort in figuring out where straps go. I would recommend these diapers over any other brand, especially for new fathers.
I am a new mom and I thought a competitive brand was better for my baby based on opinions of others but when I tried the brand I didn't like it as much as pampers swaddlers. Pampers swaddlers are softer and keeps my baby dry. It is worth the price and who doesn't love a wetness indicator, especially for dad. One day I will be an old lady and hopefully by then pampers will make swaddlers for adults! lol!
I've tried a lot of brands and Pampers are the only ones that don't leak when my baby has an "explosion". The wetness indicator is very convenient as well. It helps to not have to open a diaper to check it. I LOVE PAMPERS! I won't EVER spend my money on any other brand!!!
We love Pampers Swaddlers and the wetness indicator!!!
We tried different brand diapers but nothing made us completely happy. Either not enough absorbtion or didn't fit right. Came back to paper swaddlers and we love them!!
When my daughter was born the hospital put her pampers swaddlers. It was nice to have the indicator change colors when she was wet. But when she got older we had to switch to cruisers which I love too because the swaddlers didn't come in the size. Well recently they made swaddlers in bigger sizes. I was so happy when I found out I ran to the store and bought a case. They are just so much softer and easier to tell if you went potty. Thanks pampers!
Love them. Love them. Love them. Refuse to buy any other brands. Swaddlers are even better than the pampers baby dry and the wet indicator is very convenient.
I had my third baby 7 weeks ago, and I went with pampers products yet again. They hold up to loaded diapers, and I love the wetness indicator so that you don't have to undress poor little baby all the way to check if they are wet or not. I also love the absorbency of Pampers. I always suggest Pampers to my new Mom friends.
I love the line that changes color when the diaper is wet! My son can wear them all night with out any leaks!
My mom had always used pampers, my sister used pampers when when her kids were born, the hospital I delivered at has pampers, so naturally I used pampers!

But I don't use pampers only for those reasons. I feel pampers are one of the best diapers out there. Most of the time I actually use cloth diapers but when I need disposables I choose pampers because they have a great fit and can hold up under long periods of time.
The best diapers I have ever use. They fit really good and really keep you baby dry for a long time. Very comfortable for the bay.
My first Pampers Swaddlers experience began in the hospital after first giving birth to my son. When i returned home i ventured off to other brands and shorty after continued with Pampers Swaddlers. No other brand matches up to the quality of Swaddlers. The wetness indicator is brilliant and the pamper itself smells of fresh baby and powder. I never have to worry about Swaddlers soaking through even throughout night or the longest naps.
Have used several different brands and always come back to pampers swaddlers.
I Rate pampers 5 stars, Its worth every penny. I was told to try Huggies first and it did not absorb correctly nor fit correctly wIth my daughters. I trIed pampers and they fit correctly, they absorb correctly and I have no complaints once so ever. Pampers are very gentle to my daughters and give them the comfort that they need. I love pampers and I wouldn't change for any other brand.
I've tried a few of the other competing brands such as Huggies and luvs neither which come close to pampers!! The pampers Swaddlers work wonders for my daughter. She has had some heavy duty messes and her diapers hold up every time. They are super absorbent allowing her to sleep through the night. I recommend pampers every time.
great quality, fits great and keeps moisture away from babys bottom
I absolutely love the color changing strip on these diapers! It won't always indicate stool with the color change, but it's invaluable for urine. Diapers are such high quality with wicking the urine away from the baby, it's hard to tell sometimes if there's urine or not.
I love the Pampers Swaddlers. They are perfect for my baby, I would recommend these perfect fit, no leakage diapers for any mom.
These diapers are the only ones my little one can use. Everything else gives her a rash. They fit great and she stays dry all night.
Dominic has been in Pampers since he was born! We both love the swaddlers. They are comfortable and absorbent. The only time I buy other brands are when Pampers are not on sale. Unfortunately, they are pretty expensive when I don't have a coupon or sale priced.
I tried many different brands of diapers before settling on Pampers Swaddlers for my infant daughter. I tried name brand, generic brand, and everything in between. I now know that I could never go back to any other diaper. Pampers Swaddlers have the best absorbency, the best fit, and are the best overall value for your money. I tell everyone how much I love these diapers because they really have made diaper changing in my house a million times easier!
Have been using Pampers products since the birth day. I couple times we were trying Huggies but realized that Pampers are best.
Pampers Swaddlers are the best. They fit perfectly. Keep my baby dry and lock in big blow outs!
With a price that is only pennies apart from the competitors, Swaddlers are by far my favorite. The wetness indicator makes for easy checking, the absorbency is excellent, and my favorite feature is the mesh liner that pulls wetness and messes away from baby's skin.
These diapers were great for my little newborn. Loved that it told me when he was wet. I never had issues with leakage.
I've used many different diapers and Pampers Swaddlers are by far my favorite. They provide my active baby girl freedom of motion and keep my hubby aware when shes wet and needs to be changed. He's otherwise clueless lol. We only ever had problems with leakage when she was 5-6 months old during night time. But couldnt find any diaper that held out better. There are many different products that say all night dryness but we found this to be untrue. I would recommend this product to anyone, especially if you have an active family and an active child.
I am so happy they have Pampers Swaddlers in bigger sizes now. I loved them on my newborn and will continue to buy them now that they are available in larger sizes.
Love these diapers! We just started using size 1 which don't fit my son excellent but he has grown out of newborn size. He is 12wks old
Definitely best on the market for nb and sz one. I love baby dry for sz 2 and up. Especially for nights.
Tried all other diapers and pampers swaddlers are by far the best. The quality and comfort my baby loves. Had an issue with one box I bought and customer service was amazing!!! Will only use pampers now!
I love pampers diapers! I love the softness of swaddlers diapers, but I wish they stayed dry as long as the 12 hours ones do!
The diapers were wonderful until they became new and improved and my son became allergic to something in them! my older son loved picking out designs his baby would wear.
These are wonderful for newborns. They are very soft, absorb a lot, and did not irritate my son's skin. I prefer baby dry at night when they sleep several hrs without waking. Overall great diapers
I have twin boys and I wouldn't choose any other brand! It fits them nicely and holds everything in! There absorbancy is amazing lasts overnight with no issues!
Keeps baby dry. Would recommend to everyone. Great product.
We received Pampers swaddlers in the hospital when my daughter was born and loved them! We were originally going to cloth diaper her, but realized it wasn't for us. I was so impressed with how cloth-like and soft the Swaddlers were! And the wetness indicator was so helpful! My daughter is now 6 months old and still wears the Swaddlers line--we love it!
I love these diapers!!! We tried other brands and. Always come back to these!
Love Pamper swaddlers! They are so soft. Definately recommend.
We've used Pampers Swaddlers since we brought our baby home and we love them! Wouldn't change anything about them!
Never had a leak. No sensitivity problems. Would recommend and will continue to use them on our baby.
I love pampers... wont use any other brand. Thin diaper yet super absorbant!
These are the best diapers! We have used them with both of our children. They don't leak, blow-outs are greatly reduced, and baby stays dry all night long. Definitely my brand of choice!
These are very reliable. They only time I have had trouble with these diapers was when my son was changing sizes.
Pampers swaddlers are my favorite diaper to use on my son.
Great products - have been using these since 2003 on all of my kids.
As a first time mom I have no complaints about the swaddlers diapers. I love that they absorb moisture and keep my daughter dry. I would definitely recommend this type of diaper to any first time mom and all moms for that matter.
Our little boy is a pampers baby! We tried other brands that we received as gifts, he leeks through. Pampers are a little more expensive, but well worth the money!
I love Pampers swaddlers! they stay dry nd don't have a funky smell well they get peed in.
I absolutely love pampers! They are the best diapers out there. I would definitely recommend them to friends and I give them five stars.
We have tried many different brands (and styles) of diapers out there. Pampers Swaddlers are by far my favorites. My son is in a size 3 currently and I still prefer the Swaddlers over any other diaper (including other Pampers). They seem to fit him better, are taller than other brands in the same size, are softer, and contain leaks better (especially at the legs). We will continue to use Swaddlers until he is potty-trained (and I'm so happy they started making them in larger sizes!).
We've been using the swaddlers for our son since day one and I love everything from the softness to fit and price! Great product :)
Nothing else even comes close to the great quality of pampers!
I love pampers swaddlers and they were all I would use at the beginning but they're so much more money that I had to stop using them because I couldn't afford to. They definitely leaked the least but I find the Walmart brand does just as good for much less cost.
I prefer pampers over any other diaper because of the quality. Not to mention the line in the front changes colors when the diaper is wet so you never have to guess!
The color changing indicator is a key value add to the Swaddler. We first used the Swaddler at the hospital at birth, as this is the diaper of choice for the nursery. We tried another brand and were very disappointed with the durability and flimziness of the product. We are a 100% Swaddler household and couldn't be happier with all aspects of the product.
We were concerned about our LO's skin as I have sensitive skin and can only use certain products - even as an infant, many diaper brands bothered me. Pampers Sensitive Swaddlers and Wipes have proved to keep our LO's skin rash free!
I love how soft they are. My 16 month old has barely had a diaper rash, only when using other diapers.
Swaddlers fit her great and keep her comfortable. She sleeps thru the night and the diaper absorbs w out leaks. She is sensitive and this diaper doesn't bother her or cause further diaper rash. Would definitely recommend this. Even the hospital for which I work uses and recommends pampers!
Work great. indicator works, very absorbent. Would recommend.
I recommend pampers to all my new mom friends. They stay dry through the night with no worries and also less blow outs!
Fits my newborn baby's bottom better than other leading brands.
Love these diapers. Wish that all the stores had the same prize though, but still worth it. the indicator helps when i check my son's diaper every hour.
The pampers regular swaddlers are the only diapers that my daughter can wear that don't give her diaper rash. They are super fast absorbing and do a great job of not leaking, even all the way through the night. Great coverage and a great diaper! I would recommend these to anyone!
the swaddlers are the softest diaper around. my daughter stays nice and dry in them, and they seem cozier than any other brand.
The swaddlers diapers are by far the easiest to put on with a wiggly baby. My 9 month old moves all around on the changing table. Once unfolded, the swaddler is so easy to slide underneath and fasten, unlike other brands with the elastic in the back.
Pampers fit my baby girl great!! We have not had any leaks. The dry baby are great for night time. She is now 7 months and pampers work great for us at every stage!!
Save the best for last is a try statement in my experieince with diapers. I'm a new mom and I thought I'd register for another name brand diaper and received all sizes in that brand. After opening the NB size and trying it for 3 nights when I first brought home my baby, I was so disappointed. I returned the unopened boxes of that brand and tried another. Still disappointed due to leaking at night and not fitting correctly. Finally, my third attempt to find the perfect diaper was a wonderful experience. I finally found the perfect fit, no leak, absorbant liner, and color indicator perfect diaper for my baby boy. Pampers Swaddlers is the best and I'm not going back to any other brand. My husband really likes the color indicator, thank you for having the best product out there. We buy all Papmers products and will continue to do so.
My daughter is now 8 months old. Pampers Swaddlers are the only diaper that fit her correctly and do their job! She was in Pampers Swaddlers as a newborn and will continue to wear Pampers Swaddlers until she reaches a size 5!
I think I have tried every brand of diaper out there. While these are in the higher price range, they are well worth it. I love the blue indicator as well as the great coverage. Night time I move the the overnights for extra protection.
I've tried all the brands and off brands of diapers and by far Pampers has the best as far as coverage and leak protection vs the other brands. They also have a great scent when the diaper is wet, sounds odd but it's something I've noticed when trying out various brands. I highly recommend them.
We have used Pampers for our firstborn and now are starting to do so again with our new baby. Both diapers and wipes are great.
Pampers diapers are always reliable and my first choice in diaper.
I am 27 years old and I am the proud mother of a 4 month old baby girl. My mother who is now 65 years young, used Pampers diapers on my sister and I when we were babies. Both my sister and I use Pampers on our children and would not use any other diaper on our little ones. We all agree that they are the #1 diaper on the market, and thank you for making a diaper that continually obsorbs and fits great, and they're cute too.
I have never had to worry about leaky or blow-put diapers when my daughter is using Pampers Swaddlers. After a very small window of trial - and error - with another brand, I easily knew I would never use anything but Pampers with my little girl.
We have tried several different brands of diapers and the Pampers swaddlers are the best for my baby.
I am very particular when it comes to my son's diapers. He is very sensitive and needs to be changed all the time to prevent rashes. Pampers are the best. I love how the sizes run and very soft and comfortable.
These diapers worked really well for my daughter. The huggies and luvs brands left a weird rash after use. I wish they were a bit cheaper or more diapers came in the package for the money.
I started with these in the hospital with my baby. Being a new mom everyone always wanted give me input on which diapers to use and which to use, to save the most money. I've tried a few different brands but these are THE BEST fit, absorbency, and just worked best for my son. Even with other Pamper brand diapers, he leaked through most of them through the night and these have yet to let me down. I would recommend these to any now mom. Diapers aren't cheap but you are getting the most for your money with these.
Pampers Swaddler's is what our hospital gave us when our son got here (3 weeks early!) in October. We had another brand with us and after the first night, we refused to use any other brand. They keep our young one dry all night and are the only one we have found that doesn't break him out. They have a great fit, great absorbency, and are great even now that he's starting to move about. Pampers Swaddlers have been with us for 7 months strong and will continue to be our #1 choice!
I absolutely love Pampers Swaddlers!! We were given a ton of diapers for our Baby Shower months ago and I have to say Swaddlers are my absolute favorite(I think we've tried all the major brands and a few others)! We really enjoyed the line that let us know it was time to change her diaper when she was a new born... Now at 7 months old, we love the fact she doesn't get red lines on her skin below the diaper or leak when she rolls on her tummy at night!!
love that they fit my baby comfortable and are not tight from the thigh area
love pampers swaddlers. They are our favorite diaper to use
Best diapers around! Love these diapers for my little one.
At first I was unsure of what type of diaper to use, my sister in law bought me some pampers and I'm hooked.
I prefer pampers. My LO and I discuss Elmo every diaper chamge
This is my favorite diaper for newborns. I love the stripe wetness indicator, and mesh inside lining.
I LIKE IT VERY MUCH ABD I RECOMMAND IT TO MY FRIENDS.
Fantastic roomy fit, always a dry baby. Comfortable looking and feeling!
Since the day my child was born, he has been using Pampers Swaddle. A product that works as it suppose to be. Good absorption - seriously dry to touch every time I change my child diaper. Plus, it is easy to know when to change the diaper base on the blue indicator.
great product. a little expencive. like the line dryness indicator.
We will only use sensitive swaddles on our newborns till they are a couple months old. Pampers are softer and more absorbent than other brands.
I have a newborn and these new diapers have been a great help when changing comes around, the color change line is the best idea ever. No other diaper can compare PAMPERS RULE
This was an amazing idea. With the toss and turn of learning with a newborn, this just made me wish there was more swaddlers in more sizes.
I love pampers. only had one problem because I didn't know how how to size my son so I put him in a size one and he peed out of them. The twos fit great now. They could be a little more absobent he tends to leak at night.
I love the Pamper product. They are great diapers and I will continue to use them through the rest of the time my baby needs diapers.
I really like the wetness indicator line; very helpful!
I am a new mother and used pampers in the hospital but was given Huggies by a friend and there is a huge difference. I have had very few issues with Pampers. They have kept my baby dry and fits her comfortably. I highly recommend these to all parents out there.
Pampers Swaddlers are the best diaper we have used yet. Keeps baby dry and absorb a large amount of liquid. They are a little more expensive than store brands, but the store brands have leaked more than once for us. Love the yellow line which turns blue when wet to easily see if baby needs to be changed. Would recommend at the best diaper to anyone!
After our baby shower I kept one pack of each brand of diapers we received just so we could try a variety with our daughter. Some left big gaps around her legs, others were rough and stiff, some had overwhelming scents, and then there were the ones that got hard and lumpy after they got wet! At the end of the day, only one brand satisfied us and that has been Pampers! We use Snugglers for daytime and Baby Dry for overnight and couldn't be happier. Our daughter is 9 months old as has never had a leak, reaction, or any other negative issues with Pampers. I also like Pampers wipes better than other brands because they are more cloth like and are not rough on her skin. It will be Pampers all the way for this little one and for any future brothers and sisters!!!
My daughter has used pampers swaddlers since the day she was born. The hospital recommend these and several friends had also. They fit great, they are super absorbent, she is going on 4 months old and I've never had a diaper leak once. I love the softness and the wetness indicator. I wouldn't use any other brand of diapers.
i love them i use them with all 4 of my kids and would recommended them to anyone
We love pampers. They always keep my baby dry, and they fit good. They also smell good.
We received MANY different types of diapers at our baby shower as we did a diaper raffle... we tried them all. Pampers Swaddlers were the ABSOLUTE best!! They fit the best, and keep my little guy dry! These are the only diapers we will use!
I have tried several brands, from the warehouse brands to Target and I run back to Pampers Swaddlers. These are the only diapers that work for my son and I will never switch again!
I like the pampers baby dry. My baby seems to be comfortable in them.
Great product! I like how they make them in bigger sizes now. They are the only diapers we buy.
We have sensitive skin and these diapers have kept my baby rash free. I have only used the new diapers so the new and improved as I understand it is less diapers for the same price.
I love all pampers products, especially the swaddlers and underjams. they are the greatest.
With our 8 month old we started from the hospital with Pampers and decided along the way to "try" a bag of Huggies diapers that were given as a shower present for the baby. We found the fit was not as good as the Pampers diapers. Also the baby experienced more leaks.
Pampers are by far the better choice when chosing diapers. The "only" thing I wish that were different are the designs on the diapers. Pampers has all seasame street characters were as Huggies has the different disney characters.
I always buy Pampers and always will! Nothing else is comparable to the quality.
i have 2 babies and always use pamper. it has indicator to know when they are wet.
These diapers are great. Pampers never ceases to amaze me. The hold so much fluid! We went on a two hour drive to Maryland and Ryder, his diaper prettty full but never leaked. I recommend to all!!
Pampers Swaddlers is perfect diapers for my son. I am using this diapers 8 months and never had a problem. Very soft and comfortable diapers. I am very satisfied.
These are the best fitting diaper for my son. They keep blowouts contained and they are dryer than some but I wish they could be even more absorbent.
After being introduced to Pampers Swaddlers as a newborn in the hospital we have never used another brand. At six months, we use Pampers Swaddlers during the day and Pampers Baby Dry overnight. The fit is great and comfy. Absorbency has always been perfect. An added bonus...we have never had a diaper rash! We will continue to use Pampers products!
Pampers have by far been the best diapers we've used yet. No leakage and my babies bottom is always dry. She never wakes up upset with a messy diaper and the wet strip indicator is awesome. We wouldn't use anything else!
I think the fit can be improved upon more as the diaper is loose at the back and the loose stuff can make its way out sometimes. Otherwise, the best ever in terms of absorbency and dryness.
Both of my kids have extraordinarily sensitive skin. Every wipe on the market causes a reaction except for Pqmpers Sensitive. These are the softest, strongest & gentlest wipes and the only wipes we will use on our kids.
Baby has NEVER had a diaper rash with these diapers. We have tried almost every brand, and are now exclusively buying Swaddlers. All good things to say!
Love swaddlers!!! Was so excited when they came out with size 5. The color changing line is an added bonus! Awesome quality that holds without leaking and allows breathable room to avoid rashes!
I started using pampers swaddlers when my son was born and now on my daughter I just cant stop, as a parent you want the best protection, absorbancy, and comfort . Look no further, pampers swaddlers it is!! I was super excited to see they expanded the sizes the product comes in!! Now you can experience a brand you trust through all stages!!
My little one gets around now and these diapers are still holding up to be our favorite!
My son is 11 weeks old and I have only tried another brand of diapers once. And immediately switched back to Pampers. My son never wets through his diaper and I absolutely love the way the diapers wrap around his legs. Seems so comfortable for him. I am a pampers mommy and reccomend this product to all mommies.
Very good fit. Worked well with my little preemie and were very absorbent.
We have been using these since our daughter was born and she is now 17 months old and they still work great! We love them!
Before our little one arrived, family had recommended Swaddlers as the only diaper to use. We have used them from the start and haven't had a complaint (aside from price). We bought a value box of Pampers baby dry to try and save a little (as well as keep little one's bottom drier through the night). They do keep her bottom dry but they are smaller than the Swaddlers and I have to say that Swaddlers do a great job at keeping her bottom dry as well. We will continue to stick with Pampers swaddlers over any others!
My baby has skinny legs so we had issues with other brands leaking from the leg openings. We have never had this issue with these diapers. They are the only diapers I will use on my little one who is now four months old!
The only diapers and wipes I use for my daughter! All of the products are great!
Absorbency is pretty good and diapers hold up well through nights. However, several boxes/packages I've purchased have issues with the fasteners.
I like the softness of swaddlers, especially in the beginning. I also love the dip they have for umbilical cords. I used only these when my son was born.
I love Pampers and Pampers Swaddlers are my all time favorite! They fit my little girl perfect and always keeps her dry.
Pampers swaddlers were the only diapers I would use for my newborn. I tried other brands and they would leak.
Such a great diaper - would definitely recommend to anyone!
there are great. i never have a problem with pampers. i choose them over huggies.
The swaddlers are the only diaper I used while my son was a newborn. The diapers kept him dry and he never had a diaper rash. They never leaked and the handy indicator strip on the front made it easy on me as a first time mom!
These are the SOFTEST diapers ever. They are perdect for little baby booties!
Pampers Swaddlers were my daughters first diaper right when she was born. The hospital she gave birth in used them and I have not switched at all. They are a perfect fit and have great absorbency. I don't even have to do a diaper change in the middle of the night. I have never had an issue with this diaper and I highly recommend this diaper to moms.
My daughter has never had a diaper rash & we've been using Pampers swaddlers since the day we brought her home from the hospital (she's now 11mos). They fit snug without cutting-in & the containment is excellent. We've had occassion to use other brands & have not been pleased. Swaddlers are the best!
These are the softest, most absorbent diapers. Love the cloth like feel of the swaddlers. Great value too.
We have been using Pampers Swaddlers since the hospital. The wetness indicator is very useful. We never have issues with leaks, even overnight. We love this product and would recommend it to anyone!
Used these diapers for 15+ months, so I know they are better than the other leading brand. I received the other brand as a shower gift and whenever I used them, my daughter always got a rash. Pampers swaddlers draw the wetness away from my daughter's sensitive butt and into the diaper. Plus, easily train hesitant new dads with the wetness indicator...blue line equals baby needs changed. No excuses and it doesn't get any easier!
I love all of the improvements to the Pampers Swaddlers! I used on all of my kids but it has been years since there has been a baby in our home. We love the line that shows when there is a wet diaper!
Pampers is the only diaper we trust. We know each night that whenever we use a Pampers diaper it will never leak. I have used Pampers for my oldest son (who is now 10 years old) and now my youngest son (who is 3 months). It's nice to know that the quality has remained the same if not even better.
Keep our babies dry. They also seem to fit them well.
I am a first time mom of a 5 month year old and i have been trying every type of diaper on her to see which i like best but by far i love pampers swaddlers a lot more than the rest. I love how soft they are and they are still very absorbant too. Huggies little swaddlers leak more on my daughter than pampers do. Best diapers out there!!
I have used other diapers before but I always come back to Pampers. I have tried several of the Pampers lines and love them all.
The fit between the legs was a little big for my baby. If this was a little smaller you would have a perfect product! Unless it was free ;)
With pampers swaddlers my baby can sleep through the night without wetting through everything literally! The diapers are thick and hold a lot and I love the way the diaper fits. I would recommend to any parents/ grandparent/ friend etc to buy pampers swaddlers!
MY SON IS A 23 WEEK PREMATURE AND THE SWADDLER PAMPERS WERE THE RIGHT PAMPERS ON HIM I DIDNT HAVE TO WORRY ABOUT SEARCHING FOR THE RIGHT ONES WHEN I FOUND THEM.
Pampers Swaddlers are my favorite of the Pampers diaper options. They are soft, fit well, and they are the aesthetically pleasing!
As a mother of a now, nine month old babygirl, I often find myself searching for the best and newest products out for my child. Since she was born I have gone back and forth with different diaper brands weighing the pros and cons of them along the way. After long days and nights of crawling., playing, and sleeping, I've determined that Pampers babydry is the diaper for me!....... well my daughter that is! With the super absorbent layer and all around fit, I can rest easy knowing she is comfortable and most important ,dry !!!!! Thank you Pampers! !!
Pampers Swaddlers keep our little princess dry and happy! I have nothin but positive things to say.
I've tried a few diapers (from name brand to generic) and I always return to Pampers Swaddlers. Best fit, no leaks and my baby is happy in them.
I am a new mommy and have tried many other brands. Pampers just fits better and is most gentle on my little knees skin. Although they are pricier, I still buy them.
Love swaddlers use them on my 6 month old and used them on my older daughter too!! We are a pampers family!
I have basically had a baby in diapers for the past 5 years so I've tried just about every kind out there and these are my absolute favorite! I'm so happy they now make them up to size 5. These are the softest diapers around, these are also go go to brand when giving a baby shower gift. I can't say enough good things.
I have two kids, with one still in diapers... Pampers is the only diaper brand I will use.
We have used pampers for my child since she was born at the hospital and they are fantastic. One benefit of the swaddlers is the wetness indicator. We have tried other well known brands but in my opinion do not compare- we have not had any blow outs with the pampers unlike other brands. Well worth the price.
Great diaper, love the wetness indicator. Has good fit and keeps baby dry.
I'm a first time mom and I love pampers swaddlers. I love the strip that notifies me if she's dirty or wet. They absorb very well and keep her dry. I tried Huggies and was not impressed with their diapers. They could not stand up to the performance of pampers swaddlers.
I love pamper swaddlers, we are in size 2 at 11 weeks. Diapers fit even chubby baby, soft diaper, keeps his skin dry and soft. No diaper rash at all!
Have been using Pampers for both my kids. Awesome diapers. Much better then Huggies.
I have used Pamper Swaddlers since my daughter was born. She was a preemie and couldnt fit in any other brand. I love the fact that they have the color changing indicator, makes it very easy to tell if she is wet or just fussy for the fun of it. Also love the fact that they hold through the night unlike other brands!
I recommend Pampers and only Pampers to all of my friends!
If the diaper fits better, you don't have blowouts. These are soft and quickly take the shape of my little one. Mesh layer keeps some space for the skin to breathe, so we've never had diaper rash!
I only buy pampers diapers. I have tried others and they simply don't compare.
swaddlers fit really good around his legs and tummy.
As a new mom I am learning lots about newborn babies! I love the Swaddlers and how they fit my son!
I tried using less expensive diapers because my friends did. I noticed that when sharing stories of our babies having blow outs....my baby never destroyed an outfit. Other diapers left my friends with big messes!
I loved these diapers when my son was small. I didn't like them once he hit size 3 but then when he hit size 5 we went back to them and loved them.
Great diapers for new parents and I especially loved the wetness indicator. My child blew out of the diapers on occasion but going up in size and absorbency usually took care of it. Would recommend to all!
Pampers is the only brand I trust for my 2 week old son who was born prematurely at 34 weeks. From the moment doctors cut him out of my womb and rushed my baby boy to the NICU he has been wearing pampers every since. Pampers has always been there for my son's first, its absorbent, comfortable , and it doesn't leak.
These diapers are great! Love that they are soft yet they don't leak and are gentle on babies skin
We've used pampers swaddlers on our daughter since we brought her home from the hospital. The sizes fit true to the weights listed on the box. We also really like that the yellow line turns blue when she is wet, it's nice to not have to open the diaper to check. I would defiantly recommend to any new mom!
We love pampers for both of our daughters!! Wouldn't use any other brand. Especially with the pampers rewards.
I love pampers!! I could never switch to something else.
I chose pampers for my first baby who is now 6 months. I have no complaints. I used Huggies because they were given to me and I only used half a pack and I gave them away because his clothes were constantly wet. Pampers swaddlers can hold a lot of liquid. Seems as Huggies wouldn't absorb and would just spill out.
We've been using pampers for over 2 yrs now! Yes we've tried others but they can't meet the standards! No leaks, even over nights, and no 'up the back' issues! Thank goodness for Pampers!
We used to buy luvs diapers but my 1 year old was peeing through the diaper and through his clothes. It was a constant thing to change his diaper and his outfit then I started buying pampers and he never pees through them. And now I have a 4 month old and we use pampers on him to. I love the diapers. No wet clothes over night or during the day. I would not change diapers for anything in this world. The stay dry and they fit great.
Greatest diapers ever! Tried other brands they all leaked.
I had my first son December 2012 and a friend of mines have me a huge box of pampers swaddlers. The wetness indication syrup made it so much easier for me to know when my baby needed changing. After such a good experience with them I decided to keep buying them. My son is 18 months now and are still using pampers, but we have switched to cruisers. Which are just as excellent when it comes to absorbing wetness and keeping my baby's bottom dry.
Hands down the best diaper with the best absorbency!
We've tried all of the other brands, but Pampers has the best quality, fit, absorbency and comfort for our child.
I have been using these diapers since my daughter was born and I have not had a single problem with this product
Pampers swaddlers keeps our baby dry and comfy. We like that the yellow line changes to blue when she is wet!
Love how soft the pampers swaddlers are and how they indicate if your baby is wet or dry. They don't break out my baby's skin and they keep him dry and from leaking. The improved version is better about leakage esp as my son grows bigger and urinates more fluid, I'm not having to change his clothes because of leakage.
Great product. Used overnight with no leaks and no rashes
These are the only diapers I will buy! They fit snug so there are no leaks but not too tight to leave marks.
We found it to be a good diaper that did great in absorption testing. Pricing is more expensive than Huggies, but we found Pampers performance to be superior to Huggies.
I love these soft diapers! They truly do their job!
These diapers are the best. I only use these on my son. I am so happy that pampers changed the sizes up to 5. I couldn't imagine using any other diaper.
Our son has been in Pampers since the day he was born. He recently had started to wet through his Baby Dry diapers at around 3am; it was EVERYWHERE!! Since we have purchased the new and improved version of Baby Dry we haven't had one leak through at night, and can tell they are a little softer. We are thrilled! Thank you Pampers for your changes!
Im a PAMPERS mom. I love the swaddler. Perfect fit for my baby. Keeps them dry throughout the day. Nothing can beat this!
Love these diapers. Used them from the beginning with my newborn while in hospital. As a new mom I was worried I would try and fail with several diapers but so far I've used Pampers & Huggies. Pampers wins by far!! I Love the absorbency and most of all the baby powder smell, it's great! Only downside is I wish they had cuter characters. Otherwise they're amazing.
Pampers swaddlers are an excellent choice for new babies to be placed in.
Pampers swaddlers were the only diaper I used for my newborn. They fit great and keep her nice and dry!
I love Pampers because this diapers lets you know when your baby has peed by the middle line that changes color in the middle. Also once they are wet it is easier to tell when they are full they don't clump up. They also last longer to get full. I think this is a great product that I will use thru my babies need of diapers.
Both of my children were very sensitive to diapers and the chemicals they use to make them ultra absorbant. Every time I tried a different diaper (Huggies, Members Mark, Target, any "value" brand, etc.) on my children they always broke out in a rash and ended up with terrible diaper rash as well. The only savior was Pampers.
I received a pack of the swaddlers and they worked out great. Now we only buy pampers brand
I love pampers. I use pampers only in diapers and wipes because they are soft and I have not had a problem with them at all with either of my boys. I love pampers especially pampers sensitive and pampers swaddlers. The pamper swaddlers have much more absorbency then pampers dry baby does though.
All the reviews that I read before my son got here were right! Pampers Swaddlers are the best fit for him!
Love these diapers, have been using them since baby was born. They hold well even when you have that "explosive blowout", and hold well at night!
I love pampers swaddlers, they fit well & absorb wetness better any other diapers I've used. I will continue to buy & recommend pampers swaddlers! :)
We love Swaddlers for both our little ones from 7 months to 22 months, they fit wonderfully and very absorbent.
The pampers swaddlers are the perfect fit for my little one. The contoured sides are wonderful for containing any leaks. Dryness is important, especially in the late evening hours when my little one is sleeping.
Great fit! Not too bulky yet very few leaks. Can handle those lovely blow-outs we all experience!
Love these they are my favorite diaper with minimal leaks!
Pampers are a bit spendier than most brands but no other brands that I have tried has beaten the design that pampers has! The diaper fits just right around both of my babes thighs and holds bf poo without leaking (only when over full). The scent when you take them out of the box is so good too! All other brands have a chemical smell, but pampers is baby powder fresh! Can't beat that!
These are the softest, most absorbent diapers I have tried. They seem to be most comfortable for my little one.
This product is beyond all other commercial diapers.
I love the wetness indicator strip. Didn't make for any second guessing.
This is the only brand I use on my babies im in love with them
We are first time parents and these have been a great start for us
So far so good, no problems, my son is 4 months old.
Pampers fits my baby girl well. I find them to be very absorbent.
LOVE the quality and great absorbancy! I would recommend
I have used swaddlers since my baby was born. I instantly loved the baby fresh smell of them! I soon learned they don't just smell good, they work well too! I have tried other brands but always go back to pampers swaddlers!
These are especially great when your baby is a newborn. I always used these, and try the swaddlers sensitive kind!!
Pampers are the BEST diaper. When I wrap my son in a Pampers swaddle I know that he will be dry and comfortable. Switching to any other product has proven to give him diaper rash and sore "buns". WE LOVE PAMPERS!
I love Swaddlers. I've had to deal with brand 'H' on a few occasions and I can't wait until they are gone because I don't want to use it. I send those yuckie ones to day care. Swaddlers are soft and they stay secure and they hold it all in. GREAT!!!
We received several different diaper brands when our little man first came into the world. Every parent-friend of ours had their favorite and a good reason why their brand was superior. We tried them all and most of the other brands failed, miserably. Every new mom and dad has a tale to tell about a diaper failure but the non-Swaddlers were such utter failures (causing us to change our pants in addition to changing the little man's clothes) that we never bought another brand again.
Stick with the Swaddlers. You'll never regret the choice!
We have used Pampers Swaddlers for both of our children and would never use any other diaper. They fit true to the poundage and they hold wonderfully!
I love Pamper swaddler diapers. They are soft on my baby's bottom and it keeps him nice and dry. The diapers are well made and easy to fit tightly onto my baby's bottom.
This diapers are the softest diapers for baby's that I ever bought, it wraps the baby's bottoms in comfort and protection, the color changing indicator is excellent, that is how you know the baby needs a diaper change, the unique liner absorb and pulls wetness and mess away from baby's skin, this diapers are the best and I recommended to anybody who would like to try it.
I love these diapers for my son! The yellow line that turns blue changes as soon as he starts "teeteeing". These are perfect and always my number one pick and number one recommendation to friends! Never had a leak with this brand! Thank you!
I have tried MOST of the brands out there, and Pampers Swaddlers are my favorite, hands down! My son was a skinny newborn and the swaddlers were the ONLY brand that didn't leak. They are also the softest by far. They absorb really well. I really appreciate the mesh lining that keeps the "contents" away from the skin. The only problem I have with these diapers is that they tend to feel damp after longer periods of wearing them.
When I am not cloth diapering, I use pampers. They give you the best absorbency! They only thing I wish was different, was the back. It seems to poke out easily. I wish it was gathered in the back!
When we had our baby, we tried to buy the most inexpensive diapers in order to save money. It ended up being a waste of money because we love the Pampers the best. The wetness indicator is awesome and the fit is good.
I love that are designed to be a prefect fit with the baby's umbilical cord.
Started using them and then switch to the leading brand. Had to go back to pampers.
They are so absorbent. Would never go back to huggies.
Swadlers are super soft and absorbent. My baby used them until she was in a size 3 and needed slightly more protection(switched to baby dry). The indicator strip was the best part, I could tell she was wet the minute it happened.
We have been purchasing the over nights or night time diapers and they are extra absorbant and work terrific!
This product maybe on the expensive side, but is a great quality product. I love the line that tells you if the diaper is wet. I used the sensitive version when he was born to 4 months then switched to swaddlers and plan on using til he is out of diapers.
These are the best diapers from the size 1 to size 5. I love the way they fit and absorb. Very gentle on my babies bum.
best diapers. With twins we have tried them all. Nothing beats the swaddlers.
I have tried other brands of diapers. The Pampers Swaddlers fit snugly and keep my baby dry. Most importantly, they never leak!
Excellent product. Good choice mommy! You will see!
my baby is using swaddlers from the day 1! It never dissappints us!:)
I love pampers every product is great never a fail i love that swaddlers goes up to size 5 now i used pampers with my first child now with my second i love the quality it gives and delivers my 1 month old is secured
Diapers works great, she sleeps through the night and never leaks on her pjs
wanted to love Honest but couldn't deny performance and qualities of Pampers. The wetness indicator is great for first time parents.
I love pamper diapers. I tried huggies and don't like them. Their quality was nothing like pampers
My 4 month old daughter likes to hold her bowel movement for a week at a time. When she blows, she maxes out the diaper. Most important is when she blows out, the diaper does not!!!!!
I like this pamper dipper because it is very soft and very comfortable to my son's bottom I give it a 5 star it's very gentle to there skin and also is very absorbent I would definitely recommend this product to my family and friends so they can try it with their babies
We used Huggies with our son, but when our daughter was born she struggled a lot with yeast infections so we switched to Pampers sensitive and I am very impressed with them, wish I had used them all along!
Pampes swaddlers are such a great diaper. I love the wetness indicator strip, there is no guessing if baby is wet. The absorbancy is great. When we were in a pinch I had to buy a similar brand and was very disappointed at the quality and how noisy they were. Pampers are the diaper choice for our family.
I love Pampers Swaddlers! They are super absorbent, with a nice fresh scent. They have a handy wetness indicator that gives you a little help on when a change is due. The fit is good too.
Great product. I have purchased both Pampers brand and Huggies Brand. Pampers is by far the best option to go with, even when it comes to wipes!
I would not let my babies wear any other diaper but Pampers, swaddles and my 3 year wears the pull-ups. I never have to worry about diaper rashes, leakage, or fit. We love pampers!
I love Pampers Swaddlers. When I had my son two years ago, that is all we would buy for him. My husband loved the wetness indicator. But then he grew out of them, and had to move on to other Pampers varieties. But now Swaddlers come in bigger sizes! That made us very happy. The are soft, and fit him perfectly!
This is a great product! We are no potty training and use the easy ups by Pampers! In two years of using the products from Pampers, they have never leaked!
These are great, especially for nb because of the wetness indicator and umbilical notch, but still really absorbent foot toddlers. Overall really great and definitely recommend
My nine week old daughter is currently using Pampers Swaddlers diapers and I love it because it fits properly and absorbs leaks very well and also my twenty-two months old daughter is using the Pampers easy ups trainers and both me and my husband love it.
Pampers are my diapers of choice for my daughter. We have used them since her birth. The diapers are the most absorbent out of the many brands that we have tried. Other diapers leak but pampers consistently contain the mess! She seems comfortable and happy. She is four months old now and I can happily say that she has never suffered from diaper rash and I think it is because of the quality of diaper that Pampers offers. I will continue to use Pampers as she grows and develops because I can rely on them to keep her clean and happy.
We used Pampers swaddlers on and off from birth (when we couldn't find the sensitive kind) and only swaddlers size 2 and 3. They are awesome. We experimented with two other brands for a week and came back to the Swaddlers for good.
We really like the wetness identifier! We tried all the different brands and had the best luck with the swaddlers! That's all I will buy from now on!
I am a pampers fan!!! They are soft, absorbent, have a fresh scent, and fit well. My daughter has sensitive skin and pamper swaddled and pampers sensitive wipes are the only ones she can use:-)
I really enjoy this product. The are extremely absorbent. Just sometimes as a single mom I can't afford them.
they cost a bit more than other brands but are worth it, no waking up to a baby in wet jammies and sheets!
Love the green wetness stripe, and love the unscented option
We love the pampers swaddlers. My husband absolutely loves the blue line!! and they fit our daughter so well!! and we don't have a problem with leaking
We have gone back and forth between the swaddled sand baby dry and so far the swaddled have the best fit for our son. He has a long torso and the swaddlers in size 2 seem to be larger and more comfortable for his body type than the baby dry.
My little boy hates a wet diaper - one peak at the color changing stripe and we instantly know what he's fussing about. We love that!
Pampers saves us from major blowouts everytime! We had received other brand diapers for gifts and our blowouts always happened in those, mess right up the back. Pampers fits great along the back, keeps everything contained! Pampers only household now!
Love the product would buy all the time!!!all other brands my baby is allergic too.
Love Pampers Swaddlers! Only diaper that hasn't leaked or caused major diaper rash.
Love the way they don't leak. The mesh lining keeps wetness away from the skin. Only diaper I will use on my twins.
I love Swaddlers. My daughter is always on the move and these diapers never let me down. Even when my husband is watching her and forgets to change her, she never has a leak.
From day one our 8 month old has been a pampers baby. We tried other brands & knew literally within 1 diaper that she was a pampers girl. She has extremely sensitive skin & whether it was the perfumes in the other diapers or the material she would be red after the first diaper. We can use ANY pampers product & have never had a diaper rash. I love your baby dry line for overnight & long car rides they are extremely absorbent & keep her delicate sensitive skin dry. Thank you for being the only brand we trust on our baby girl!
One of the best if not the best we have 2 kids and we love swaddlers and recommend it to everyone
These were the diapers they used in the hospital, so we tried them at home. Of course, as with any diaper, I run into the occasional leak or blow out, but they are far better than any other brands we tried!
I've only used two brands of diapers since my son was born this month, and out of the two, Pampers Swaddlers would have to be my favorite. The color-changing wetness indicator works A LOT better than the other brand and the Pampers Swaddlers also aren't as loose fitting as the other brand was.
I tried huggies, hated them! Sticking with swaddlers.
I like the swaddlers because they are so soft!! And I like that the mesh linens seems to pull the moisture. Away from my baby, keeping diaper rash away!! These are my favorite!
They are the only diapers we will ever buy and use for our baby
I love using the pampers swaddlers since they are really absorbant.
Love my pampers they fit well and haven't had many accidents
We loved Swaddlers! They fit my son very well, and we LOVED the wetness indicator.
I have used pampers from the very beginning. They are the only diapers I will ever use for my twins. I never have to worry about leaking.
I love the fit and absorbency. I also love the line that shows when they are wet.
The swaddlers diapers are quality diapers and seem to be more gentle on our baby.
Pampers has the best fit for my son and I dont have to worry about leaks with Pampers. Huggies leak before I even realize he is wet, but my son has never been wet with Pampers. Great product and wont use anything but Pampers!
I love using these diapers. I have recently switched to the Pampers Swaddlers Sensitive brand. My daughter has super sensitive skin and these work great!
I prefer the swaddlers over baby dry because they fit better, they feel softer and overall a great diaper that has never leaked!
We only use Pampers Swaddlers on our little ones. Even if we get other brands as gifts I either exchange them for Pampers or re-gift them:-/ They are so soft to the touch and they will hold "it" all in!! Pampers are the best!
I love the swaddles until the baby starts to be on the move, then it is the cruisers.
Awesome product. Thank you for the great diapers. They are all I buy
We started out using other brands but pampers were the only ones that didn't leak at night.
Pampers swaddlers were by far our favorite for our newborn son. He was always dry, we never had leakage issues and they were comfy and soft. They were snug without being overly tight. I recommend them to all of my new mom friends!
We've been using pampers for almost two years now and love them. My only complaint is that sometimes they leak. I'm sure all diapers do this, but I don't like going to pick up my kid and he's wet! Other than that they fit great and we can always find deals on the prices!
When our daughters were born, we had been given different brands of diapers. After trying each brand, we stuck with pampers. We're close to potty training and soon won't need diapers anymore, but I would recommend pampers to anymore. You could try to save a buck or two on a cheap brand, but they'll never hold up like pampers so you'll be using more diapers (spending more money) on a off brand. Make it easier us pampers!
My husband and I love the yellow strip that lets us know our little one has a dry diaper. We have tried all other brands and these are the best diapers we can find.
I like pampers so much. It fits well and does not leak.
they're soft and you can tell when you need to change a diaper, can't get any better!
Love that they come in the bigger sizes now. Thank you.
We used these diapers starting in the hospital and fell in love! They are very absorbent and fit well for the baby!
Always reliable and great quality product. Will always continue to purchase Pampers as my son shows his happiness with it.
I only buy Pampers and I almost always buy the Swaddlers!
I wanted a product that gave me some piece of mind when my son took his naps and when he went down for the night. These diapers accomplish that.
Pampers are the only diaper we use. They are the softest and most comfortable on my baby.
They fine my newborn better than any other brand. We have never had a blow out. Just wished they were carried in stores near us.
We used swaddles for my son and the child I watch has them too. They work great and fit well!
We rely on this product to keep our baby dry throughout the day and when he sleeps. The amount that these diapers can hold amazes me. We love it!
Love PAMPERS. From the wetness indicator to the Sensitive formula. Was so happy when they came out with Swaddlers in size 5!!
Pampers continues to amaze me with their products. Being a first time mom quality and value are very important factors for myself n the well being of my son. I couldn't be any happier with swaddlers diapers I love them !!
Pampers is great for it's prices. I have used pampers on both my children.
Pampers products has always been what I use for my 10 month old daughter. It keeps her dry throughout the night and the wipes do a great job of keeping her fresh and clean. I absolutely love pampers products.
When I had my son I have no clue what diapers to choose. So naturally I tried them all. Other brands were either not the right fit and things would leak out of them. Sometimes when they got to full they would soak through his clothes. Now I wouldn't choose anything but pampers. They are an amazing fit. He is just learning to crawl and they mold perfectly to his body. During the night my son stays dry which makes me relieved he's getting a comfortable nights sleep. The quality is what makes pampers different from the rest.
Both my daughter and I love swaddlers!!! Best diapers!
When our first child was born, he was started out in Pampers Swaddlers by the hospital where he was delivered. We couldn't have been happier with the overall quality & use of the diaper and used only them until switching to Pampers Cruisers.
Love the color change when diaper is wet and love how soft the diaper is. Won't use any other diaper!
Love this product and have used it since day one. I did try different diapers that were cheaper but always returned to the Swaddlers as I found them to be the best.
We were recommended these diapers by several family and friends and are very pleased!!!
It is important to me that my baby is always receiving the best of care. This includes the times when I am not even there. I know that my baby is in good care with pampers. They are more comfortable and more absorbent then the other brands I have tried. Beyond that being a part of the pampers community helps me be a better parent.
I used Pampers Swaddlers for both my sons as newborns. They were also what my hospital uses. I love how soft they are, that they accomodate a healing belly button, and I love that I know I can trust products from Pampers.
Pampers products are great quality and all I've ever used.
I love pampers diapers, I used swaddlers for the first 7 months of my sons life. I now use pampers cruisers which works really well with such a little moving baby! I'm pregnant with my second and I will use pampers swaddlers again! I recommend it too all moms!
I have 3 children and have tried every brand of diaper you can imagine. Nothing even compares to Pampers. I tried to save money by buying the generic Luvs brand, but they leaked so bad that it ruined more than one of my son's outfits. It probably ended up costing me more than I saved. It's just not worth it. Go for the best!
I have always bought Pampers diapers for my son since he was born. They are so soft, very absorbent, and fit perfectly for my active little guy.
So first of the absorbency is great aint had no leaks doesn't leave no red marks around the legs like most diapers do my lil man is chubby so its hard to find a good fitting diaper but swaddlers are perfect ito me the swaddlers trap in the smell as well and I overall love these diapers.
I loved pampers swaddlers because they are so soft and form-fitting when my daughter was a young baby until she grew out of them. Then a few months later, what do you know, they started making them up to a size 5!
We tried other brands but none of them compared to pampers. They are a great fit and do not irritate my babies skin like other diapers have. LOVE THEM!
We've only used Pampers diapers with our kids since they have sensitive skin and have always been happy with the overall quality and fit.
These diapers are great! I used them from newborn to size one and I am now using baby dry which it just as good! I love pampers products!
My son is 14 months old and we decided to try another diaper brand. It was a horrible week of leaking diapers, diaper rash, and my son being a really cranky kid which is the complete opposite to the chill kid we are used to. I will never ever use anything but pampers ever again.
We love Pampers! They are the only diaper we've used that doesn't leak, even over a 12 hour night! They keep my son bone dry and happy!
These are by far my favorite diapers, after trying out different brands I have never been happy and now only buy Pampers.
These products are the best. I wouldn't use anything else on my boys!
These are our favorite diapers by far, they absorb well and do not seem to have all the chemicals in that make the designs on them.
love the softness of the diapers!! Wouldn't choose any other brand of diapers.
Pampers Swaddlers are my favorite for my 3month old! They keep her dry all night!
These are extremely reliable diapers and they are all we used for our little guy until he was crawling and we switched over to cruisers. Pampers all the way!
Love, love these diapers they are great. No blow outs and my babies always wakes up dry.
Being a new mom we received various brands of diapers as gifts. The swaddlers are by far my favorite. They cover more area without being bulky which is great at helping prevent diaper blowouts and leaks. They keep my daughter very dry so we haven't had to battle any diaper rashes (knock on wood). We will continue to keep purchasing swaddlers.
We have used pampers since the day our little one was born. We have never had any problems with them and they have prevented leaks and blowouts much more effectively than huggies ever has.
My daughter can only use the sensitive swaddlers and the hold up great!
Pampers swaddle rs are awesome. They are the only diaper that didn't cause diaper rash on my girls when they were little. Won't use anything but pampers!
I never have to worry about leaking diapers through the night.
I would recommend this product to everyone. They hold up a lot better than the other brands and leave no residue on your child like others can. My daughter has sensitive skin and pampers has never caused her any problems.
I love pampers! They are so soft on my sons skins and dont leak out. I feel they are comfortable for him as well.
My baby has a heavier bottom than waist so it's hard to find a good fit but pampers keeps him dry and comfortable!
Love the fit and the look of these diapers. I never have issues with "blow outs" in these diapers like I do other brands.
Pampers are my favorite for both of my children. I would highly recommend them to all parents.
I've used lots of Pampers products, but swaddlers work the best for my daughter. Before they started making swaddlers up to size 5 I got nervous about using cruisers and baby dry. They never worked as well as swaddlers and we'll never go back!
My child has used Pampers Swaddlers since she was born. I love them for their absorbancy. They hold a lot and she rarely leaks and she stays pretty dry. The wet line indicator is a fantastic feature. You know instantly when she's wet. No more guessing!
I love this product. I use this product with my first child and am so happy.
Pampers Swaddlers are an amazing diaper. They fit perfecly, no leaks and are a great value. I wouldnt use any other brand!
I first used pampers 8 years ago with my eldest child. Now that I have a newborn, pampers is the brand I trust. My daughter is 4 months old now and even with 2-3 feedings overnight, her diaper never leaks and she is kept so dry that diaper rash is not an issue.
I loved swaddlers when we had our newborn. As new parents counting bowel movements, the easy detection
Made it clear to see when our daughter urinated. I love them the only reason I stopped using that was because other Pampers diapers for a better deal as my daughter got larger and less diapers in the packages of swaddlers
We have been using Pampers Swaddlers since we brought our daughter home from the hospital. She is now 9 months old. We love that the diapers are soft. We have no problems with leaks and she has never had a diaper rash.
Yr products r great.. I use them all the time..I tell my friends to switch to pampers...
I love how the Pampers Swaddlers fit my daughter. They were always snug in the right places to hold everything. She could wear them through the night with no messy clothes!
I am a diaper snob which is to say I prefer Pampers to all other diapers for many reasons. They are not necessarily the cheapest cost diaper but the quality makes up for it. The indicator stripe, the strong/firm elastic bands around the legs, high back and room to grow.
Pampers are the only products I buy...I've tried others and they just don't hold up! Thank you pampers for being the brand I trust!!
Great overnight absorbency! Great fit through the legs. Wouldn't use any other!
Great well absorbent diaper as well as so gentle on my baby's skin. They last long and I like the color indicator to let you know when it is time to change. I tried all brands of diapers and always go back to the Swaddlers for their quality and non harshness on my baby. They work great!
Best on market. Overall the best diaper out there, when it comes to fitting and soaking everything up and durability.
We have tried different brands and other pampers diapers and the swaddlers are the only one we use. They keep wetness away from my baby and they are so soft on my baby.
We only use pampers diapers and wipes. The diapers fit so well and never leak and the wipes are sensitive and moist.
My baby loved it. its very comfortable. great product.
The swaddlers brand is perfect for a first time mom because you want reassurance that your precious baby is dry and what a better way to know for sure than with a visual to quickly peek at under the onsie. I always bought swaddlers and my husband was the one who insisted! He loved knowing when our daughter was wet. They always fit and they never leaked. The only time we ever saw a leak was when it was time to move up a size. The prints on the diapers seemed insignificant until my daughter learned how to talk and would point to her diaper and say Elmo which was the print! We love pampers and will use them for our 2nd for sure.
This diaper actually does keep more wetness away from a baby's skin! The diaper may get pretty full full, but the baby isn't sitting in a puddle. Truly a big help in guarding against diaper rash.
My son is 11 months, crawling and standing all over the place. The cruisers have never leaked once! Love them.
I just had my first child (a daughter) and these worked perfectly. She had no diaper rash and they kept her messes contained where other brands did not. I purchased pampers but others had given me other brands as gifts that I tried. I choose pampers!
These are the best diapers on the market by far!!! I was so excited when I heard they were making them in larger sizes. Nothing compares when it comes to absorbency and dryness.
Love Pampers, there are the best fit for my little one! He's had them since the day he was born!! Highly recommend them to anyone, very absorbent and comfortable for little ones!
Pampers swaddlers are great. I never have issues with leaks, they fit well and are soft against baby's skin.
In the first hours of my daughter's life, we used pampers swaddlers. The hospital used pampers on all the newborns, and from then on we absolutely loved the brand! We do not have any leaks, they fit great, and the cost is minimal. I highly recommend pampers swaddlers to first time (and all) mothers.
These diapers were great for us. Especially the line to show us if we were wet or not when everything was falling apart and you needed to rule some things out. The fit was also great for our little baby boy. I tried several other brand and we always leaked so I was all about Pampers from there on.
We have ton an assortment of brands and styles claiming lots of amazing things, but for our family the Swaddlers have been amazing. They keep both of our boys dry and the diaper is soft.
I have tried being cheap and buying other brands and trust me it's just not worth it! Once you factor in the cost of washing sheets because of leaks, just go with what you know is good.
I have used Pampers Swaddlers since my boys have been in the NICU and they are now turning two in few months. Nothing fits them better then the Swaddlers. Worth every penny! Thanks
I love the extra mesh-like lining that helps keep moisture away from your baby's skin!
We used these until my son was maybe about five months old. They were great, easy to put on, and seemed comfortable for him. We never had any problems with them leaking or any diaper rash issues. Now, that he is older, however and about eight months old, I wouldn't recommend it once your child hits a certain weight as the Pampers Swaddlers seem to pop open when they get bigger. Great for newborns, though and can't help but feel great about them being hospital recommended!
I highly recommend Pampers products. They are easily available at all stores that sell baby products and always at a competitive price. Top notch.
I have used pampers with both my children they are very absorbent and I've never had any problems with leaks!
I absolutely love pampers swaddlers diapers! I have used them with 2 children and wouldn't use another brand. They are super absorbent and I never have to worry about leaks! They are extremely soft! I love the wetness indicator too!
I love all of Pampers Products!! I tried I different brand of diapers & I had to change my little ones clothes too many times in one day. I would totally recommend Pampers products to all parents!!!
My when my child was a newborn, these worked very well. They were easy to use and never had any trouble with quality or fit.
The hospital used these diapers when my sin spent a month in the NICU. I have used these since. I tried one time to use a different kind and my son was red the whole time I used them. I only use pampers diapers and wipes for his sensitive skin.
My baby is 8 months old now and we still use swaddlers and love them!
We really do love Swaddlers. The wetness indicator is great! The fit is snug yet still comfortable for baby. We received a pack of diapers, that weren't swaddlers, as a gift and we could really tell the difference and as soon as that pack was used up we went right back to Swaddlers. They make diaper changing easy!
This is a wonderful product. We have tried Huggies for about 5 diapers and he was leaking through. We don't have issues with Swaddlers. And we love the wetness indicator.
Swaddlers diapers are our favorite! They keep baby dry and tell us when he is wet. They are our first choice in diapers.
My son is 17 months, and I still love Swaddlers!!!
We will only use Pampers for our little boy. We have used them from day one. He is currently potty training and we love the easy ups!
I love the wetness indicator. These are the perfect first diaper for newborns.
I was given several different brands for my baby shower and none came close to Pampers Swaddlers. My daughter is now 11 months and we will use nothing else. They are more expensive than some other generic brands but the difference is worth not having to worry about a leak!
With so many changes in life that a new baby brings, the wet indicator helps simplify frequent diaper changes!
Our favorite brand of diapers! Well fitting, absorbent and soft.
We started using pampers swaddlers in the hospital and it's the only brand that we've bought since then. No leaking, no rashes. Great diapers!
I love them because we do not have any leaks at night!
Love the wetness indicator, saves me the trouble of going to have to unbutton the clothing and check, with the wetness indicator I can just take a peak and tell right away if it is wet or not. awesome diaper, used it since day one in the hospital and will continue using it.
Our diaper of choice! Keeps our baby dry and good for her sensitive skin.
I have used Pampers swaddlers since my son was born. I always reccommend them to my mommy friends!
We tried other types but Pampers seemed to work the best - especially for those long overnighters!
Provide great protection and don't leak. I have tried other brands before and they always leak through. That's why I recommend pampers swaddlers to everyone
I like the indicator line on these diapers. It helps visually to see if my baby needs a change without further investigation.
I gotta say the only review you need is the one from my son. He will not tolerate any other diaper. He loves Pampers Sensitive Swaddlers. Now we are graduating up and it's hard to keep up with him but it's pampers all the way with us.
These are our favorite variety and we are so happy they come in larger sizes now!! They keep our little one dry and they are soft for his sensitive skin.
I have used Pampers with all 3 of my children and they have never let me down. They fit good and have never leaked. They rewards are a great and fun feature as well.
I love love love Pampers! Will use for all my babies!
The best value for your money. My daughter has used pampers swaddlers since day one.
Pampers are by far the best diapers. They fit so much better and do not leak.
Loved the way how they fit around the umbilical cord, and I couldnt live without the wetness indicator.
Mom of four here... I can count on tears when my little one outgrows the Swaddlers Diaper! They are so soft, like a cloud around my little one! Yes, the cruisers are my next diaper to love, but it's a sad day when they outgrown the soft swaddlers!
I LOVE these diapers! They are AMAZING! My son is so comfy in them and I love the way they fit!
I absolutely love the swaddlers diapers. The fit and wetness protection is great. I love the blue line wetness indicator. My son has very sensitive skin so we have always used the swaddlers sensitive but have used these in the past when the store was out of stock. We will also start using these once he reaches size 5. The sensitive stops at size 4 which he is currently in. Nice to have another option though.
Much better leak protection than other diapers I have tried for my daughter
Since our son was born we have stuck with Pampers. We prefer the swaddlers and have been very pleased with them. Great brand!
I prefer this over all the competitors. I think this product provide comfort due to the soft material. It smells great too.
Our hospital uses Pampers when a baby is born and not knowing much about diapers we have stuck with pampers. Tried switching to another brand and wasn't happy at all so we are sticking with Pampers. Pampers has provided our baby girl everything she needs to have a healthy butt. :)
After I tried other competitors, it was obvious I needed something else. I was dealing with wet clothes and too much laundry. This meant extra outfit changes and a cranky baby.

Once I tried Pampers Swaddlers there was literally no going back. The diapers are easy to put on, fit perfectly, and keep her (and her clothes) nice and dry. Happy baby and mama for sure and we are now fully committed to this brand.
I have been using pampers swaddlers for about 2 1/2 yrs now.. I love this product never fails when my babies sleep, never leakes out. I will keep using this product until I don't want any more children. I will even buy this product for my friends and family.
i Seriously recomend pampers.
Is the best diper u can put to ur baby!
He loves them, and me too :)
Best diapers I've tried with my son he has sensitive skin and these don't make him break out at all! Loved these from the minute we put them on in the hospital!
I would recommend pampers swaddlers to all my friends.
After experimenting with several brands and styles of diapers, I always come back to Swaddlers. They are the best on fit, absorbency, and dryness for us. We definitely have fewer leaks with these than any others. Baby is 6 months old, and we'll be sticking to Swaddlers!
I have been using pampers for 3 years now between 2 children and would not use any other diaper brand. They have the best fit and absorbency. I also love the yellow line that turns blue when wet, very helpful!
Love the pampers swaddlers for their fit and durability, but more importantly the wetness indicator makes it so easy to know when your baby needs to be changed. For new Moms like me, it is hard to know when your child goes to the bathroom, or what a wet or full diaper feels like. With the indicator stripe you can just take a quick look and know immediately. Often times you can even see a blue wet strip through the infants onesie, so you don't need to unbutton/undress them to get at it. And it helps tremendously at night when you don't want to have to handle them or undress them too much for fear of waking them up.
For the fit, I think they fit well and the fasteners hold the diapers in place without an issue. We also did not have much issue with the diaper leaking or having accidents until my daughter got to the point where she was outgrowing whatever size diaper she was in (diaper "blowouts" are usually a good indicator that it was time to go up a size).
Great quality diapers. Not a single leak yet! Would recommend to all mothers. Not a single complaint yet.
Our #1 choice
Great fit and absorbable for our active eight month old baby girl!
No complaints yet! Stays dry all through the night!
since my daughter took her 1st breath, she has had Swaddlers. 2 years later she still is using them and she is very active. These hold up well with every stage of her life. Ive tired others as a last minute thing, but the softness and durability does not compare to Swaddlers. LOVE LOVE LOVE this product for my baby!
My son has started developing many allergies already at only 2 months old. This is one product that he is NOT allergic too. I'm definitely not going to switch him to anything new anytime soon. He's a heavy wetter and Pampers Swaddlers keep him dry and don't leak at all for us.
I have 5 grandchildren from baby to 6 years old and I love pampers..The diapers are great ....soft and fit well. I just found out yesterday my daughter is expecting tripletts so I guess I will be buying a lot more Pampers.
When my son was a newborn we used several kinds of diapers to find what was right for us. Pampers is the brand our hospital used and I can see why. They are the softest and have great leakage protection! After weighing all our options, we chose to stick with Pampers. They are simply the best!
Way better and much more absorbent than huggies for his age/weight!!
a must have id say till baby is at least 4 months :)
I love the fit on my son. I am happy with pamper. I have been buying for two years.
I started using pampers in 2005 with my first child and remembered the excellent quality when I gave birth for the 2nd time in 2014. You could say that Pampers Swaddlers are my comfort zone!
I love Pampers Swaddlers for my soon-to-be 3 month old. I've tried another brand once and nothing beats Pampers. The wetness indicator is very convenient especially in the first few weeks when I was advised to count the number of wet diapers in a 24 hr period.

Happy baby....happy mama!
So far I've used luvs, huggies snuggler, and pampers swaddlers and I prefer the pampers products over all of the ones I've used. They are usually the same price as huggies and hardly even a difference in other cheaper brands.
I like this diapers they are so soft for my baby and keep her dry longer and better
Love swadlers and wouldn't change anything about them
Used the swaddlers since I had my baby and absolutely love how they fit. I don't feel like she's being strangled by her diaper and they keep her dry.
I love Pampers swaddlers. very soft and cushiony. i love the wetness indicator as well.
Highly recommend these diapers and I love the color changing line
I have used them since my daughter was born. In the hospital i used something other than these and she still had wetness all over her!!
I loved using pampers swaddlers on my two girls one who is 3 months and the other is 22 months . I never have had them leak through the night or a long car ride. I believe my kids love the way they fit and are comfortable over other brands since the first day I used pampers I have never used another brand
These are the only diapers I will use on my daughter they are the only ones that seem to fit her properly and the only time she has leaked out it was time to go up a size or someone besides mommy changed her and did not put them on snug enough I will definanatly continue buying just these diapers for as long as she needs or fits them I also love the wetness indicator makes life a bit easear
I love Swaddlers diapers! I love the line indicator that let's you know instantly without having to feel, sniff, or poke and prod around. They are so soft, and easy to fasten. Ultimate comfort and assurance for baby and parents!
When our little one was first born, we tried an assortment of diapers, from the big names to generic. Pampers were the ones for us! They seemed to fit wider and longer than other brands, covering our little one completely and preventing those messy blow outs. The blue line indicator makes it easy to tell when it is time for a change, especially for newborns with smaller wet diapers. The absorbency is great; the best of all brands we tried! Our precious babe stays dry, even through her longest sleeps! The extra cost (versus the generic brands) are worth it for us.
Would recommend this product for newborns. Love the umbilical cord notch and the strip changes colors to let you know the diaper needs to be changed. Great product!
My son loved these dipers.
It fits great and very easy to take on.
I'd recommend this product to all parents.
soft diaper , comfort , color change which helps you check diaper from outside.
What I really love best about these diapers is the indicator that tells me whenever my baby needs a diaper change. I know before he lets me know and this has helped with keeping him from getting diaper rash.
I have been using Pampers since my daughter was born. They fit her well and keep her nice and dry. I would certainly recommend these diapers over others to friends and family!
These are the best diapers I have ever bought, and I would never buy any other brand of diapers!
We love the swaddlers! We love the fact that they have the dryness indicator!
So nice for newborn keeps them dry and smells so fresh
Will never think of changing the brand. Love the quality. Tried other brands and none worked!
Pampers have a great reputation but it is because these products are great! I love these diapers and the way they fit. My husband also loves them and will not use anything else.
Love it. Tried other brand and none has the quality that pampers swaddler has.
These diapers fit my baby and she seems to enjoy wearing them. So far no leaks or major blow outs.
These swaddlers have worked the best for my girls. They rarely leak and don't irritate their delicate skin.
I recently had twins and go through several diapers a day. Of all the brands given to us at our shower, pampers is my favorite. They fit great and keep my babies dry.
Luckily, when we were discharged from the hospital we were given the Newborn Pampers Swaddlers. The wetness indicator made it much easier to check on our baby, and they fit so well! The Swaddlers made diaper changing a breeze for us.
Great product!! Great value!!! Love the soft outside and the way they hug to my little girls body!!
My son who is now 18 months old has used these diapers since her grew out of the swaddlers. He drinks a lot of milk and juice and has never wet through this diaper.
I used swaddlers with both of my babies. They worked great and were gentle on their skin.
Pampers are the best diaper around! I used them for my first daughter and now am using them for my second. Nothing compares.
Love Swaddlers diapers. Used for all my kids and have no complaints. The color changing indicator makes determining wetness so easy. Would still be using Swaddlers if Baby Drys weren't a little cheaper than Swaddlers.
We were given Pampers in the hospital and they fit great. We received a lot of different brands of diapers for shower gifts that were not as nice. I did take some of them back and returned for Pampers. The yellow line that turns blue when the baby is wet are a really great for someone who is not an old pro.
Pampers swaddlers have an amazing absorbancy to them. When my daughter was about six months, I had bought pampers baby dry since all the swaddlers in her size were gone off the shelf. Oh boy! did i regret that. Almost every night the baby dry diapers ended up leaking! So i had to go out and buy another box of new diapers (seaddlers of course). I only used the baby dry during the day and swaddlers at night. The baby dry diapers are a good diaper also, but not recommended for use overnight!
I have used Pampers since day 1 with my daughter. After hearing people tell me that other diapers were just as good and would cost much less, I decided to branch out and give some other brands a shot. The two most recommended were Huggies and Luvs. NEITHER could compare to Pampers. They were thin, stiff when wet and not nearly as good a fit. Not worth the price difference if you have to change the baby more often for comfort/leaks. PAMPERS IS THE ONLY DIAPER WORTH HAVING in my opinion.
These diapers are the best in this time we live in. They almost feel like cloth without the hard work of cleaning them. I really love these diapers and I believe I'm making a great choice fort baby. :)
These are the best on the market for quailty, value, and overall support for your baby. I would deffently buy these compared to any other diaper.
I love the fit of the diapers! We never had a problem with leaking! The wet indicator is useful. They contour the baby without being bulky and uncomfortable. We love pampers!!!
Best dispers on the markett. I woulld not put my kids in anything else.
Love these diapers for night time use. It definitely holds more then the regular swaddlers that I use during the day.
We have used Pampers Swaddlers since the day our baby girl was born. We will use them until the day she is done with diapers! We LOVE them!
I love having a product that I can trust in consistency and quality.
These diapers are excellent. They fit my son really well. And are really soft, he is sensitive to most products and pampers do not seem to irritate his skin at all. The only problem I have with the swaddlers is that they are not super absorbent.. At least for my son... But we use baby dry also and those hold so much more! The price of pampers is a little high..but I'm a firm believer in you get what you pay for!
Very absorbent and dry, no leaks and soft for baby.
Pampers swaddlers are amazig diapers. They hold so much and I don't have to worry about leaks when using these diapers.
We love the Pampers Sensitive Swaddlers. They are gentle on my baby's skin and are more absorbent than others we have tried.
From the day our little girl was put in swaddlers in the hospital, I was in love. Honestly as a first time mom I thought diapers we going to be plastic and chemically, not pampers swaddlers! They are soft as a cloth diaper and seemingly very comfortable . Never any red lines, no diaper rash, even when her diaper is full her skin is dry! I really love them and I am very excited they now go up to stage 5!
We love to use Pampers Swaddlers for our 17 month old daughter. They are reliable, and I am confident day or night that she will be dry and not leak. I also like the addition of the blue indicator stripe, which has helped ensure that I get my money's worth from each diaper. This is important, because Swaddlers are certainly spendier than their generic counterparts!
I love Pampers for my baby. I've tried others and they were just not the same.
This diaper provides my baby with the best care. He has been an excellent sleeper since 3 months old and goes 12 hours at night without leaking through or waking from feeling uncomfortable! Unbelievably soft and the mesh interior keeps him dry during activities as well. Best of the best!
Used Pampers for both my children. Would recommend Pampers to a new mom,
These diapers are very absorbent. The only time we have leaks or blowouts is when we need to move up a size. I just wish they were a little more affordable, but generally, the price is comparable to the other leading brands.
The best products!! I only buy pampers.. They are the best
These diapers are very obsorbant and never leak. They fit great!
Have used swaddled for all 3 of my kids. Wouldn't recommend anything else to a new mom!
Being a first time mom everyone wanted to give me advice. The best advice was to stock up on pampers diapers! We used pampers swaddlers from her first diaper and are still using them 7 weeks later. They hold up great and we have never had a leak!
I love the quality of this product, it is very soft to my baby's skin
I have used Pampers for both of my children and would use them again if needed. Would recommend them to anyone who was having a child
Pampers Swaddlers are awesome, they keep the diaper rash at bay! Couldn't ask for more.
We love using Pampers Swaddlers on our daughter. They fit nice and are very soft. Have very few leaks (and when we do have leaks, nothing in the world would have kept her mess contained!). We've tried some other diapers that sound crunchy/noisy when they are on our daughter, but not Pampers! We also love the wetness indicator - some other diapers don't have that feature and it can be frustrating.
Night time is the wettest time but Pampers Overnights saved the day. (And night.)
I have a newborn, and I've found that she is between sizes. Newborn size diapers are slightly too small, and 1's are slightly too big. So we have been using 1's, and I've come to find that of all the brands I have tried, Pampers do not leak. The fit is superb, and I don't have to worry that they might be slightly too big because even if they are, they do not leak. So far we have tried 4 different brands of diapers, and Pampers were the only ones we have not had a problem with. We will definitely be buying more!
They don't leak, fit little one well. And are very absorbent.
Pampers swaddler are the best diapers ! They fit great, they are super absorbent, and I like the way they smell! This mom recommends pampers!
Absolutely love these, there's no other brand I trust more.
We generally use Pampers Cruisers for daytime due to the way they fit better with my little one walking around. We used Pampers Swaddlers until baby was around 5 months old and started moving more. We still love the Swaddlers for nighttime!
My little one sure enjoys having swaddlers on when in movement.
These diapers are fantastic! I can't say enough about the fit and especially the absorbency. My 3 month old began sleeping through the night at 2 months old. I try to avoid waking her at all costs. I am so thankful for both the blue line indicator and the 12 hours of wetness protection provided by these diapers. As an added bonus, I can now keep her in them up until size 6!
These are the diapers they were using in the hospital and are the only brand we've ever used. They do exactly what they are intended for & we are very happy with them.
They fit so great I live and so does my little man lol
Overall these diapers are excellent. I have only been disappointed a handful of times when the Velcro on a brand new diaper isn't made right or it rips off entirely.
I love pampers swaddlers! My son was born nearly two months ago and it's practically all I recieved at my baby shower, but once I use all those up, I will only buy pampers because they are so absorbent and reliable.
This is the brand and type of diaper we used at the hospital and continued once we came home. It's a little pricier than some, but the softness can't be beat.
Just the perfect diapers, good absorbency and very soft
This diaper was great. Love the wetness indicator, made it much easier to change. Very soft diaper. great for sensitive skin.
I've tried all the diapers on my babies -- and when I just had my 3rd last October, I didn't even bother with anything other than Pampers Swaddlers.

The line letting you know the diaper is wet, the softness, the quality, the fact that I don't have to worry about leaks. These diapers help a mom during what can be a somewhat stressful time -- but at least I don't have to stress worrying about a diaper failure!
The hospital used these immediately after delivery and we've been using them since. Great diapers, comfortable, stretchy waist and good fit. I've gifted these to new mommas!!
Love pampers and my daughter sleeps threw the night when ever i use pampers nappies they fit grate the cover her whole little booty i took points off for value as i just wish they where a little cheaper or they had some better money off coupons as a mom we all have a budget.
these diapers were great for my baby they fit well and kept her dry !
The Pampers Swaddlers are amazing diapers! They are so soft on my daughter. It feels almost like she is wearing a cloth diaper. I love the yellow line that turns blue when wet, which makes the diapers even dad-proof! They also do a great job at keeping her dry between changings.
We have tried many diapers for our 11-month old baby boy. These diapers by FAR are the best around. They are super absorbent, fit his body perfectly, from newborn to size 4 (currently), and never have any odor. We tried another very well-known brand b/c I had a coupon once and couldn't wait to use them up and get back to our beloved Pampers Swaddlers. They wetness strip is perfect, even indicating how wet he is by how blue the line is from front to back. Couldn't say better things about these diapers. Of all the Pampers diapers, this type is our favorite by far.
These diapers are the best that I have ever used and I have tried them all. I'll continue to use the swaddlers until my baby is potty trained. Thanks pampers for putting out the best diaper ever!
We used Swaddlers from day 1. Now, our little monster is 11 months old and she never had a diaper rash. The indicator (yellow strip turning blue) let's us quickly know when it is time to change the diaper. The diapers are soft and breathable, she never had any problems with overheating or being uncomfortable (from what we can tell). Starting month 9, the diaper had to be changed in the middle of the night, can only go for up to 5 hours for a 9 month old, but it is still great. You just learn how to change a diaper like a ninja without waking the monster :-)
We used the Pampers brand with both of our girls from birth. Love the wetness indicator, very good absorbency, fitted my baby very well. No leakage issues or diaper rash which is awesome.
Pampers Swaddlers Diapers are the only diapers that we use for my daughter. They fit well, keep her dry, and work well against her sensitive skin!
The best pampers on the market..These are very dry kept my baby dry and comfortable. They were great at absorbing the wetness and didn't leak
Pampers swaddlers are the best diapers for your newborn they are soft and absorbent they don't leak I love the blue line that indicates when baby is wet they are by far the best diapers
We used swaddlers with our first baby and wouldn't change for our second.
I mainly cloth diaper but I love the Pamper's Swaddlers for sensitive skin in between washing or for daycare. They are soft on her sensitive skin and they keep her dry. She's never gotten a rash in them so far.
The swaddlers diapers are wonderful! My little one has sensitive skin and we have found that Pampers Swaddlers are the softest and most gentle. We tired these before the sensitive swaddlers and they work perfectly! Thank you so much for making a baby friendly diaper at such a great price!
These diapers are great. They don't stretch as much as I would like them to but otherwise they work great for my little guy.
i love this product. there is a yellow line on the diaper. this yellow line will change to blue when is wet. so you don't need to open the diaper to check every time if wet or not. It save time.
I love how the swaddlers worked on my twins as newborns, now I am thrilled the same softness and comfort is available in larger sizes!!! Love this product!!! Keep it up!!!
I love Pampers Swaddlers. I am a new mom and I love the feature of the wetness indicator. It's so nice and easy to just glance down and see if the indicator has changed color.
They are more affordable and work very well for me.
Pampers diapers have been amazing. They are the only diapers that dont leak on my son!
Pampers Swaddlers are the best diapers. They are superior to any other. They feel like an old fashioned cloth diaper but are disposable. My little boy fills a diaper to the max during the night and Pampers Swaddlers are the only diaper I will put on him. Love the sensitivity, softness, and hold that Pampers Swaddlers have. Tried and trusted.
Love Swaddlers and the wetness indicator. My son has always been a pamper's baby and these were awesome and always dependable. I am a loyal Pamper's fan and would not use any other brand for my son.
I love pampers! Love the wet indicator. They fit great on my babygirl. We have used pampers since she was born. We will always use pampers diapers. I just picked up some pampers swimmers and can't wait to try those.
Love Pampers! Tried several brands in the beginning, however baby got a rash! Ever Since switching to Pampers he has not had one rash! No leaks and lasts through the night! I don't know why I tried anything Else!!
These diapers are THE BEST. Love them, especially for newborns. They fit like a glove and are so soft.
Pampers Swaddlers was bought for us at a diaper party. We won't buy any other brand now. The fit was great and the leak protection was phenomenal. My husband like the wet indicator also that was on the diaper. Keep it up Pampers, you now have a customer for life.
I have used pampers since my daughter was born, it was the brand the hospital used. They fit great and I love the blue line to know when you need to change the diaper. I will keep using them through all the different sizes.
I love pampers I recommend them to all soon to me mommy's and encourage my friends with babies that aren't using pampers to switch!!!!!
I have always trusted pampers products .....I've tried every diaper brand there is and I have always come back to Pampers brand for my 4 children!
No more guess if you need to change a diaper.... I love that..
I love these diapers! We are new parents and have tried almost all the brands out there. We repeatedly find ourselves coming back to Pampers Swaddlers due to their excellent absorbency, their comfortable yet secure fit that prevents leaks, and how dry they keep baby. He doesn't need his diaper changed all night and in the mornings, his skin is still barely wet (just a little sticky feeling from having the diaper on so long). These diapers are definitely the way to go!
Great product for newborns and infants. B/c of the price, I wouldn't continue to purchase as my baby grew bigger. I switched to baby dry and sometimes cruisers. The swaddlers are great b/c of the yellow to blue line to show a wet diaper.
Only types I will use thankful they go to size 5!!
I used it when my daughter was newborn until now and she's 15 months old :) I'm due in a couple of weeks and I will definitely use this product with the other baby!
I love using the swaddlers for my daughter. This is the brand that was used when she was in the hospital and I stuck to it. I love how the wet indicator turns blue when she has wet herself. It make it so much easier for me to check her diaper. Instead of me taking of her little pants off and having to open the diaper to check. I also love the feel of the diapers. The only down side is that as the diaper size goes up the less diapers come in the boxes. Other than that I love this diaper and would not use anything other than Pampers.
These diapers are the best. They feel like cloth against my baby's skin. I never had a problem with leaking during the night.
Smells fresh after one soil. Indicator strip is a major help.
when we brought our son home we only ever used pampers swaddlers they were great. I like how they were softer than other diapers
Such a soft ,well fitting diaper. Keeps her and her clothes dry was well.we love pampers!!
I tried a few different brands of diapers and not one brand kept my daughter as dry as well as the Swaddlers. I am usually not a brand-loyal person, but I am for diapers!
These are the best diapers for newborn to 6 month babies. Nice and soft, super absorbent, and no rashes!
I love pamper. It keep my kid dry and no diaper rash.
I am on my third son & in previous years I tried every diaper on the market. One brand (H) would give off a smell whenever it was soiled. Another brand (L) just never provided the security that I needed when I couldn't change my son right away. Once I switched to Pampers Swaddlers I felt comfortable & I have continued to use them with my second & third sons. I even buy Swaddlers as gifts for baby showers.
Love Pampers. Used them in the hospital and have been buying them since. The Swaddlers indicator line is my favourite, makes guessing if they're wet a thing of the past. Would recommend.
I love these diapers. They hug the baby comfortably and keep the mess inside. With other diapers she always leaks through and ruins her clothes and blankets. I have never had that problem with the Pampers Swaddlers.
They give you these at the hospital and when I came home I made sure to ask for a pack to take with me. They have this perfect little cut out to avoid the sensitive belly button. They hold pretty well too. He was able to go at least twice before I had to change him (unless it was a messy diaper hats different you should change those as soon as he finishes)
Pampers Swaddlers fit our little one so great. Being new to peeing and poopimg in a diaper, one that covers and holds everything in is exactly what you need. You wont be disapointed, this diaper moves with every move your child makes.
These diapers are by far my favorite. I wish they came in all sizes. I love the wet line and the feel on my little one!
We switched from Huggies to Pampers. The fit is so much better. They stay on where as the huggies would slide off. Much better quality & a decent price depending where you go,
I love pampers swaddlers. Try fit my daughter great and keep her dry no matter if it's 2seconds between diaper changes or 12 hours. I love the yellow/blue line in the diapers that tell me if they're wet or dry. Plan to continue to buy swaddlers.
I have now used these on both of my children and can honestly say that I love them! The best diaper out there.
Love the new extended sizes. I was always so sad when my kids grew out of them right after 5 or 6 months and could never find another I loved as much but now there's no improvements I could make. The wetness indicator Is great too. No more guessing. Loyal buyer will continue to be. Thanks pampers for swaddling my babies bums.
I forgot how great these pampers felt putting on and how absorbant they are!!! Great Great!!!
I purchased Pampers Swaddlers for my granddaughter. They provided comfort, great fit with an adorable design. Pampers provided peace of mind because as parents it was clear their newborn was comfy and dry. Pampers is the only name when it comes to quality and affordability. We've been using Pampers brand for over 25 years.
My baby is only 5 days old and pampers swaddlers are the best diapers I've tried so far, babies bottom stays dry and clean. I would definitely recommend these diapers to anyone! :)
they fit my child well and let me know when she is wet. great!
Absolutely looovvveeee these diapers. Have been using them for4 years now. So glad they made them for bigger sizes. Love the blanket like feel and they are so gentle for babys delicate skin. Also strong enough for busy toddlers. Great pampers product.
Pampers swaddlers are very good product for my baby
Love pampers its always my first chocie if i have more kids im more likely to buy them..
we've tried other brands and always come back to pampers!
I like to use pampers because my son feel wonderful :)
Pampers diapers are excellent in quality and fit. These diapers are very absorbant and baby stays dry. The fit is excellent. Wraps around leg perfectly leaving no room for leakage without being too tight on baby. I absolutely love them.
Our favorite diapers by far. Nothing else comes close.
Initially used Swaddlers because that is what the hospital provided for us. After trying some Huggies (that we received as a gift), which leaked and made a mess for us to clean up, we immediately went back to the Pampers Swaddlers. Never had a problem with them! The indicator line is great for quick checking when it's time to change.
I've never had a problem with pampers swaddlers! Love them! It's the only thing we use.
I just recently had my son so I had a variety of brand diapers and by far nothing compares to pampers swaddlers they keep him dry throughout the night so we both get a full 8 hours of sleep.
I love that the swaddlers absorb so much for my son. I also love the lines that indicate when they are soiled. The lines are in the front and the back.
Very soft feeling diapers. Love that even when my granddaughter is wet, she still feels dry!
We love these diapers. They keep baby so dry! We will be repeat customers!
Since my now 10 month old was born I chose Pampers Swaddlers. I loved the wetness indicator then and still love it now! HE is very comfortable in them and they do the trick to keep him dry.
We've used Pampers Swaddlers with all three of our children. They are the only diaper we've found that doesn't leak and doesn't smell like unpleasant. The fact that they use these diapers in our hospital says a lot about the quality of the diaper. We love our Pampers!
Received these at the hospital and they worked great. Purchased more once we got home. Love the cut out notch for the cord and indicator strip on the front. Great for tracking wet diapers when babies are small and pees all small.
Being a new mom and getting different kinds of diapers is overwhelming. ...tried all of them decided to get Huggies at first and used Huggies swaddled but they only go up on a limited number I think 2....so I switched to papers swaddled and I really wished I would have started on these from the beginning! ! Absolutely love them and they go up to a size 5:)) I put 2 on value cuz they were more expensive than huggies....
Love Pampers Brand. I can use them on my baby and know that they won't leak out onto every outfit I put on him.
I have a 19 month old daughter and a newborn son and we've used the swaddlers since day one for both and I absolutely love them! I've never had a leak or any problem at all with these diapers! LOVE LOVE LOVE!!!
I love the absorbancy, the quality, everything about them!
Dear Pampers

I'm writing to say what an excellent product you have!
I've used Pampers with all children, as my Mom always told me it was the best. Now that I'm in my 30s, I find them to be even better!
As a first time mom and not knowing what diaper to choose, I must have tried every brand and type out there. Pampers Swaddlers took the win by far. It is as if they were made specifically for my little one!
I love this product and so does my baby we tryed huggies every time we used them she would leak right threw but with pampers she stayed nice and dry now on this is all were going to use !!
Love the swaddle diapers! My daughter stays dry even after a long nights sleep! I also love the yellow line that turns blue when she's wet!
We have only put our little peanut in swaddled after the issues we faced with Huggies diapers. I would recommend any one of the diapers pampers offers. They never leak, and believe me she sleeps through the night even with a 5 pound wet diaper. It doesn't happen very often, but when she has had a lot to drink right before bed and let's loose, I feel good she is in pampers. Even when she doesn't wake through the night to let me know she needs to be changed her skin is not wet to the touch!
Love this product. Love the fact it shows you if the diaper is dirty, which lets face it considering it was feel inside the diaper or smell it. That blue line is a miracle for me. Only problem I have is that the price is so high on some one with a lower income.
We were unsure of what diapers to buy, and my doctor reccommended these, and we love them!
great product. no leaks and my nany girl loves them
i love the way the pamper swaddlers fit my baby. Such a great product!
I have a 7 month old baby girl and the pampers Swaddlers are great. they have that great line that tell us if she is wet or not. they fit good and there is no puddle in her crib, which is great.
I will keep using pampers until she goes to the bathroom like a big girl.
When my baby was just born, I knew Pampers was the way to go. I used Pampers with my first child and was always satisfied. So forget about other brands, Pampers will keep your baby happy!!
We love Pampers Swaddlers!! It is the only diapers we use. Never any problems with leakage or skin irritations. Soft and comfortable
My son is 2yrs old and still using pamper sawddlers, I love the fit him perfect.
All of my friends and family used Huggies diapers so I had as well in the begining. Then one person bought me Pampers and I will never go back. They fit her so much better and prevent leakage. No comparison!!!
I find that the newborn Swaddlers are the best especially for the first few weeks with the baby out of the hospital. It fits snuggly and stays put throughout the day and night. There are no leaky messes and it does its best to keep baby dry. With the other diaper brand, there is way too much fabric/elastic around the thigh area to tell whether it fits correctly. It doesn't fit as nicely as Pampers. This caused a few mishaps. I love the cute designs and the color changing feature to tell you when baby is wet is also very helpful. Overall, Pampers is the diaper brand I trust.
Well, I've been buying this product for sixteen years. All three of my children were premature babies so I've always started off with the preemie size. My children never broke out wirh a diaper rash or a allergic reaction. They never leak through to their clothes. I just love pampers diapers!
I love the diapers! However my baby is still in newborn cause the size 1 is to big. But the newborn is kinda tight on her legs. But this is my favorite diaper brand!!
The swaddlers are perfect for my newborn. They are so soft and super absorbent. I love the mesh type lining in them as well. So much better than other brands, even Honest Co.
For my baby shower, I received tons of diapers per my request. I had both another brand and Pampers in size 1. Pampers beats other diapers hands down. Love the indicator on the diaper, as it helped so much during the first weeks of having my child home. They fit way better and absorb better too. Once I get through the diapers my friends bought me, I am only buying Pampers.
I love pampers baby dry diapers! My baby never has irritated skin or a leaky mess. They are the best diapers by far! I always recommend them to my family and friends!
I LOVE LOVE LOVE these diapers, they are the only diapers (and Pampers Baby Dry) that have kept my 3 month old son comfortable and not leak during the night time. (Unless the diaper is getting too small I go up a size)
I recommend to all new mothers, Pampers Swaddler's. I absolutely have no doubt why the hospital we delivered our little girl gave us 13 newborn packs when we left. I tried two different brand (one well known and one off brand) and we will never not use Pampers.

There #1 for my child, thank you for making the best diapers!
I started using these at the hospital when my daughter was born and I've used them since. fit great, band doesn't roll and never leaks
we used the swaddlers sensitive from day one and didn't know waht to do when our toddler needed a size five (they only go up to four)
we tried the regular swaddlers and were pleased to discover that they were everything we loved about the sensitive diapers. Plus, no sensitivity issues at all! great fit and absorbancy!!!!
Loved Pampers 9yrs ago when my daughter was a baby and love them still...thank you for a great product!!!! :)
I love these diapers! I've tried other brands and nothing else fits my baby like Pampers!
These are my favorite diapers. I find they fit my twins better than any other diaper. I find them soft. They are absorbent and do not leak overnight.
As a new parent, I don't know when to change the diaper. The wetness indicator really helps. The diaper is also very soft and has never leaked. Why look for another diaper when you have the best one here
after my second kid I started to use pampers and is the best change i could ever made.
these pampers diapers are great! they fit well and usually hold everything in. I like the tabs that secure the diaper, they are dependable. And the cute Sesame Street designs are fun.
I love the Swaddlers diapers. It is the only diaper I use on my babies. The wetness strip is a great feature as well since it can be hard to tell if they are really wet when they are that little.
I started using Pampers Swaddlers when my daughter was a newborn. I did now ever change to Huggies for some unGodly reason. My daughter has never slept through the night until I switched back to Swaddlers. The first night I used them she went from sleeping only 4 hours at a time to sleeping 13 hours straight. The best part was that she woke up dry and happy. Since than we have always put them on her at night and are so grateful for this amazing product. I work as a RN in postpartum and always recommend this product to all my new mommies.
We decided to use Pampers for our little bundle of joy. At our shower a friend gave us a pack of competitors diapers, we used ONE and in the trash they went! Pampers absorbency doesn't compare to any other diaper out there.
I've tried,other diapers before finally settling on these. They are so amazing. Other diapers had a little leakage but these kept everything in. I was super happy that they kept my daughter dry after a 5 hour car ride. Keep up the good work.
Before I had my first child everyone told me to use a different brand. I had actually bought over 3,000 of the other brand and returned them the week I came home from hospital because I was introduced to pampers swaddlers in the hospital!!! Pampers snugglers with the wet indicator are a life saver. They honestly hold the wetness and my daughter does sleep through the night because these diapers allow her too! Thank You PAMPERS:-)
It is a trusted brand for a reason. Really good for the skin because they do not cause irritation. They also do not leak. Love the strip that let's you know it's time for a diaper change. Definitely recommend!
Aside from being how great these diapers are...no other diapers can compete with them. Huggies - tried them, not very absorbent. Luvs - tried them, the box may say, "Super Absorbency," BUT they didn't hold up. My daughters diaper still leaked. And it's great to know when she's wet, but they should make one to know when she's poopy, lol. My parents used pampers when my siblings were young and they were great back then too. So I chose Pampers Swaddlers after a few trials with other brands. Pampers is the way to go! Even my daughter thinks so.
By far the best diapers! All of the other brands we have tried leak out the sides and don't absorb like pampers. Worth the cost over the cheap generic brands.
As a first time mother, I wasn't sure what to expect from the different brands of diapers but my first impression of pampers swaddlers was superb. These diapers do a great job absorbing and are very comfortable for my son.
I was recommended to use this product by one of my friend and she had already given me too many benefits of using Pamper's Swaddlers. I had no idea if this product would really work this great, but believe me these diapers are just magical!! The wetness indicator helps mom to know that baby needs a change and the absorbent liner is simply miracle it has no wetness at all!! Just that the color of the diaper changes but the diapers remains completely dry. Its a product one can rely on any time, specially the new mom's :)
Pampers diapers are very durable and I LOVE the stripe that turns blue from yellow when wet. Diapers are affordable and great product for the money.
when our baby was a newborn up to three months old the swaddlers dipaers were all we used. We were provided them in the hospital and received many from other moms as shower gift. They were wonderful, and loved the cut out for the cord!
excellent for daytime and night time! my daughter is 2 weeks old and has yet to have a negative reaction
I love these diapers! They are the only ones that fit bubba perfect and they don't leak!!!
Excellent product. Never any leaks even at night! I admit we tried a cheaper brand but only made that mistake one time and we came back to Pampers.
Pampers diapers are the only diapers I will use. They are soft and made of the best materials. Other brands were always failing me with baby mess going everywhere but pampers always saves the day and my baby's outfit! Never go wrong with this brand I love it.
Pamper swaddlers are very good diapers I have used them with my first child and am using them for my second these are the only diapers I have used since day one with my children.
This is the only diapers my daughter have used. They fiit great
As a first time mom, I find these very helpful with the line in the middle that indicates he has a dirty diaper.
I love how there is an indicator to let me know when it's time for a new diaper!
These were the first diapers I used when I brought home my little one. Great fit, no leaks, and great price.
Excellent diaper. Works great as a nighttime diaper!
These are fantastic diapers! I love the color changing line. They always smell fresh, so the little blue line would tell me my baby was wet!
These are great diapers. They have great absorbency and keep my baby dry.
Great quality diaper as usual from pampers so soft and keeps baby dry
Swaddlers are the best. The indicator line is perfect for new moms and dads plus it's much better than sticking your hand in to find out if the diaper is dirty. :) We've been using them for 7 months and will continue for several more. Absorbancy is wonderful and no leakage.
Pampers swaddled are great they are very comfortable and holds well over night.
Very impressive quality diapers. The Absorbency indicator line is an awesome feature especially for first time mom.
Awesome diapers! Been using these since she was born and won't switch to anyone anything else
These diapers are so much better than the other brands I have tried. Less blowouts and happier baby!
I love these diapers. When my son transferred over to size 1 I had a huge box of huggies and I'd use them well they leaked every night so I went and bought pampers and I have never had a leakage. I think every baby is different and every diapers works differently for them but pampers never fails for me. And there so soft!!!
When my daughter was born we received several different brands of diapers as gifts, but in the hospital they always put her in Pampers Swaddlers. When we got home we tried the other brands we had been given, but as soon as they were gone we went right out to the store for more Swaddlers! They were by far the softest and the newborn size had a wetness indicator that was VERY handy! We loved them and used them when our son was born as well. Thank you Pampers!
I have tried other diaper and wipe brands in the past, but always come back to Pampers, great quality, Plus I think they have the best rewards program around.
I love Pampers. I tried Huggies with my daughter, as they are a little cheaper. Awful!!! So mad I waste that much money! Pampers Swaddlers are wonderful! Absorb the heck out of daughter's messes, lol. My daughter breaks out easily, and Swaddlers don't upset her tender booty. Well worth the cost, they are awesome. Not one regret, using these!
These diapers fit perfect. They are very comfortable and soft for a newborn.
Pampers are the only diapers we use on my grandson. They fit perfect and keep him dry.
Good size, fit & leak protection even for premature babies.
I love Pampers! Since my daughter was born that was her first diaper. I have tried other brands, but pampers was the one for us. I loved the fact that it had a wet indicator, that was a plus for me.
This quality of protection the absorbing blows my mind I give beyond excellence full recommendations
I love the swadlers! The are my favorite diaper for my son and my first choice
As a mother of a newborn baby boy, I have found pampers to be my favorite diaper brand! No leaks! Snug fit! Dry dry dry! I will never buy another brand of diaper.
My baby is 3 months old and still wearing the Pampers Swaddlers newborn diapers. The fit is great and we rarely have any leakage issues. They keep him dry and sleeping the whole night long.
Love the fact that they have the color strip on the front of the swaddlers to assist in the knowing of the diaper wetness. Also that there is a cutout for the belly button to assist in keeping the belly button uncovered during the healing period. I have used other brands but Pampers happens to be my personal favorite due to quality and value.
These are the best pampers, I will always buy these forever.
Swaddlers were recommended to me by a friend and after trying a few other brands we found that swaddlers was the best fit for our lo.
Love the swaddlers! He never has any accidents with them, and I love the wetness indicator
Both of my kids started sleeping longer throughout the night when we switched to Pampers. I believe it was because they are kept drying longer than the other brands out there.
These are the best diapers for my son. They never leak and keep him dry all night.
I used Pampers when my daughter was smaller and shes now 11 ...it was always a great brand to use that's why I decided to continue using this product before my son was born 4 months ago. I would recommend Pampers to any and everyone looking for a great diaper.#pampersfanforlife :)
My little one is a long skinny thing and Pampers Swaddlers are the one brand that has fit her the best since she was a newborn. While she's almost six months old, and still in a size one, we have tried other brands and keep coming back to these.
they never ever leave a rash or irratational!

they don't pinch her legs either!
This is my favorite diaper overall.......mainly daytime diaper. This is the diapers the hospital used & I was glad!!! Looovveee the color change strip & the overall feel of the diaper. the mesh lining is very good too! esp when an infant! I was happy to see these made in bigger sizes! I hope to ALWAYS use Swaddlers w/ future babies! Going to miss Swaddlers when lil one is out of diapers!
These diapers are so soft absorbent and have great movement I've used these diapers for all 3 of my babies
I loved Pampers Swaddlers when my daughter was a younger infant, but when she started crawling, I dutifully switched to cruisers halfway through her stint in size 3 because I felt like I was "supposed to" now that she was actively moving.

Overall I've been happy with cruisers. She was in Cruisers size 3 and then size 4 during the day, and Huggies Overnight at night (she was soaking her cruisers at night, and Huggies Overnights are definitely the best!)

I've had the chance to compare the Swaddlers to the Cruisers in size 4, and I can see the differences when I look at the diaper itself. The Swaddlers are more padded (thicker), whereas the Cruisers have a strong elastic. And of course the Swaddlers have that yellow/blue stripe to tell you when the diaper is wet. Personally I don't really need that stripe at my daughter's current size. The days of teaspoon-sized pees in stationary babies asleep in a crib are long gone, and if she's wet, I kinda know.

Swaddlers: Thicker, Yellow Stripe
Cruisers: Thinner, more elastic

Both: Perfect for my long & lean 13 month old - no leaks (21 lbs ... I move up diaper sizes early)
Neither: Neither is great for overnight for a toddler who actively soaks a diapers. But that's why there are overnight diapers!

Overall I can't say I have a preference between the two. If you love swaddlers and/or really want the stripe, then stick with swaddlers and don't worry that you should move to cruisers because your baby is crawling/walking. If you use cruisers and are happy, don't let the fact that you can get swaddlers in size 4 make you question which is better. In my opinion there really isn't much of a difference. The Swaddlers are just as good for my very active 13 month old. Choose your diaper on price or on the cartoon character on the front or whatever you care about. I really don't think there is functionally much of a difference between Swaddlers and Cruisers.
Great product. Wouldn't use anything else for my baby!!
I used Pampers Swaddlers on all of my children when they were newborns. I love the umbilical cord cut out. The wetness indicator is a life saver for those middle of the night diaper changes
PAMPER'S SWADDLERS ARE THE ONLY DIAPER I CAN USE ON MY SON'S SENSITIVE SKIN
As a first time mother i abs love pamper swaddler specially overnight !
With being a first time mommy there is an overwhelming amount of stuff to do, to know, to worry about. And I'm so grateful that Pampers Swaddlers doesn't leave me changing my son's diaper more often then needed because the blue line let's me know when it's time, so I never have to worry!
The color changing strip is so convenient, if my baby needs changed I just take a quick look at the line and the diaper always smells fresh even when it's dirty. Fits great and can last during the night (up to 6 hours so far for my baby). I have tried others but have always went right back to these, great product!!
Before my daughter was even born I was positive that I wanted her wearing pampers. She has been in pampers swaddlers since day one and is almost 3 months now. She can sleep almost all night without waking up because of a wet diaper. I wouldn't want her in anything else and I would definitely recommend pampers to anyone.
We have tried many other diapers but they all leak. We love pampers swaddlers and would never sacrifice when it comes to our babies.
We love pampers and know our baby will stay dry and comfortable while wearing them!
We love Pampers swaddlers! We have used them with all three children and they have been an excellent product every time!!!
Only diapers my daughter can wear and not have an accident go up her back. Love them and the wetness indicator.
Pampers diapers are the only diapers I can count on for my daughter to not leak through. She lasts all night, she sleeps all night so it is wonderful. I buy pampers dry and they're great.
My daughter is three months old. We have tried every brand of diaper you can think of and none of them fit correctly for she has a petite build causing blow outs. Another issue we would have is that other diapers would rub her raw or cause her rashes no matter how much cream and powder I would put on her. Pampers fits her amazingly! I don't have to worry about her having a blow out. I also love how soft the diapers are allowing my little one to not have painful rashes or raw skin. The swaddlers have a unique mesh layer that helps catch everything you wouldn't want to get on your little ones cloths. I just love this diaper all around! They save me from having to change my daughters clothing as many times as I would in other diapers. I will never buy anything else.
My little guy is eight months old and we have only been using pampers swaddlers. He's never had a rash and we rarely have any leakage. This is a great product!
I love the pampers swaddlers. The fit it perfect and keeps my baby dry.
I love using pampers my first born I used them an she's 15yrs old an my other 2kids I use pampers to its the only brand I trust thank you pampers for keeping my babies dry
Our baby sleeps through the night in one diaper and is Quite and comfortable
We started using these because the hospital we delivered at used them. We have tried other brands and by far these work the best to stops leaks. They are soft and absorbent. I'm so glad they come in the larger sizes now so we didn't have to switch to anything else.
I have tried both Pampers Swaddlers and Baby Dry and these by far are way better then the Baby Dry. I have also tried other brands due to others being a little cheaper and now I know why. I now only buy Swaddlers for my little one and for all future babies I will be doing the same.
i love these my kids cant wear other diapers and they are truly hospital approved my hospital use only this kind
these diapers are great! my kid broke out to huggies so pampers all the way
Great Diapers love the wetness indicator never had any leaks
Love pmapers swaddlers! Even though they are more expensive thand l huggies i still wouldnt use huggies. They are the softest and so absorbent....also i love the way they smell
Great product and very absorbent! Love that it doesn't feel like a plastic diaper!
Best quality i have had in a diaper. My little girl sleeps through the night soundly besides wanting to be fed. I've had no accidents
I LOVE these diapers! My little one is sensitive and these work wonders for him!
I really like these diapers. My little one has sensitive skin and but does really well with these. It's a good fit and they are nice and soft for her.
Pampers is really a great product. I really enjoyed using them with my first child and I plan on using them again on the next. I love these diapers. I would not use another brand.....
I love the Pamper's swaddler. The material was soft and I like how there was a wetness indicator. We changed our daughter quite often so we didn't have any leakage problems. But definitely recommend this particular brand.
I love these diapers and my baby loves them too. The wetness indicator is awesome. Thanks P&G!
Pampers swaddlers are the only diapers I will use on my twin girls. I have tried other brands, but they just don't compare to these. I just wish they weren't so expensive, or better coupons would become available.
Super absorbent diapers! These are the only diapers we use.
Silly to say, but I love the smell of them. New baby smell :) awesome for lil ones. very absorbent. highly recommend
I used pamper swaddlers on my now 2 year old when she was an infant and my now 3.5 month old as well. I love the wetness indicator strip on the diaper which makes for a quick check! Also, my 2 year old never had a rash while using the swaddlers as compared to other brands when I tried them.
Pampers are the only diaper I trust and Swaddlers are perfect for little babies. I especially like the wetness indicator. It helps so much in knowing when to change their diaper, especially during sleep time.
I LOVE THESE DIAPERS THEY ARE SO SOFT, FIT GREAT, AND DON'T LEAK!
my son is six months old and a big debate i had when he was first born was which brand of diapers would he use and as a new mom i hesitated deciding what i would use for him but once i tried pampers i knew what was good enough for my son
Swaddled are fantastic, the best I have found. How can I keep those high up leaks during the night from happening? It only happens every now and then.
These are the best diapers hands down! They are very sensitive and are great on my son's sensitive skin. They have great absorbency also. All other diapers I have tried gave him rashes and did not have good absorbency. Sometimes when he would tinkle, it would seep through other diapers. I highly recommend pampers swaddlers!
I loved the newborn swaddler diapers, but planned on transitioning to the Cruisers when she started to crawl. My daughter is 16 months and walking everywhere and I am back to the swaddlers. These diapers are more absorbent and I have fewer leaks. Also I loved the wet strip when she was a newborn and I was breastfeeding made it easier to monitor her wet diapers. Thank you
Love these diapers! They wick away moisture to prevent diaper rash. Fit is great and extremely absorbent. Tried Kirkland (Costco) Supreme, Pampers Dry, and Huggies Dry - the Pampers Swaddlers are by far the best!
Great quality all around, it forms to the baby and moves with them, absorbs great , and not bulky, great price
While in the hospital, the first diapers my twins ever wore were Pampers. Once home, we made the mistake of trying 2 other brands of diapers that were given to us as gifts but quickly realized that Pampers was the only brand for us. The fit, absorbancy, and value is unbeatable.
Thank you Pampers for less diaper changes and giving us more time with our babies!
We love using pampers.... Just wish they were cheaper
Newborn has been using these diapers since birth. These were diapers recommended by the hospital and have been much better than competitive brands. Much fewer leaks if any than Huggies so that makes it a better value as prices are similar.
We had received a variety of diapers for our son during baby showers. This is the one we stuck with and love them. So glad pampers offer them in the bigger sizes now. He never has leaks or diaper rash. The moisture is pulled away from him and keeps him nice and dry, even after 12 hours of sleep.
love the way pampers diapers so much easier to close and fit baby will continue to buy pampers
The only thing I wish they had was preemie diapers. I don't like huggies preemie diapers. But other than that these are the best!
I have just had my first child and bought the pampers swaddlers! These diapers are great and really do their job. They fit great. The price is okay but in reality you get whar you pay gfor. I would recommended pamper swaddlers any day!
love it .soft flex able and strip line of color change for dirty diapers
My kid feels great n I have peace of mind as far as leakage is concerned.
I can't speak for the other type of Pampers but the Swaddlers are super absorbent and have a high back so they are great at night as well as during the day. They are a little pricier, but I think they are worth it.
i love it very much this is the only brand that my son can use...others cause a rash,
I love pampers! I've been using them everyday since my 8 month old daughter was born! I also used them with my son. Absolutely the best diaper products on the market!
I used pampers diapers for both my kids and I have never had a problem with them. I would recommend
this is my second baby and I am still in love with pampers swaddlers. so exciting they go up to size 5 now! little man is 3 months and in size 2. swaddlers are soft and have been holding up over night! my man tends to have blow outs with the other leading brand.
My favorite thing about Swaddlers is the fit! They fit much better than other brands we tried. No leaking!
Pampers are the only diapers and wipes I will ever use on my children they have never let me down they have never leaked my baby girl sleeps through the night without waking up crying because she's wet. Pampers is just the best and greatest quality you can get and they aren't expensive so that makes it even better!
Best diapers by far! We have used since birth and we will continue to use them!
I love pampers swaddlers and can't imagine switching to any other brands. Very good quality and reliable.
Love pampers love the line to let me know when my little man is wet. But the diapers are expensive compared to other brands & after baby wets once the diaper becomes very soft & mushy can't handle much must change immediately. Not that I let baby sit wet but in a car ride or shopping trip it happens.
Oh, for me they run big in size I use another brand when my baby is at the bottom of the weight for the size because these are just so large.
Love these diapers. They're so very soft! Prefer the sizing over Huggies as well. Pretty sure I'll stick with this until my little one is out of diapers!
I was so excited when I heard that Pampers had extended the swaddlers sizes. My LO did so well on them when he was a newborn. I was originally bummed that they didn't have the extended sizes, but soon Pampers came out with the extended sizes! My love was once again renewed! I really like the wetness indicator for the diapers. What a neat feature. And when my LO was little, the umbilical notch was key, it prevented any rubbing or irritation on my LO's cord. Also enabling it to stay dry and have the stub fall off quicker! Would certainly recommend this product to any mom!
I used Swaddlers with my first baby when they were a new product 11 years ago. Now, I just had my second and I remembered how great they were and I wasn't disappointed. They fit comfortably; specially on the legs, keep her dry even on long sleep periods. I recommend them over any other brand.
Both of my children used Pampers swaddlers exclusively when they were newborns. We found that the softness was exactly what we wanted & needed for their sensitive skin. We were so thankful for Pampers Swaddlers in the preemie size when our daughter was born 7 weeks early. It was a diaper we were familiar with, but that fit her perfectly! It was nice to have one known entity in the midst of all the other unknowns!
These were the best diapers for our newborn. I especially loved the wetness indicator. I could check him without waking him, or undressing him. Highly recommended.
I bought these diapers for my 5 month old son , I absolutely love these pampers swaddlers. Compared to parents choice they fit better and I never have a problem with leaks.
I've been using pampers since my son was a new born. I have not seen any diaper rash or anything that hurts my baby I absolutely love this product so does my husband. My baby seems to sleep comfortably at night without waking up all wet or anything like that. Definitely recommend.
I LOVE the softness and comfort Pampers Swaddlers provide for my little guy.
I love Pampers Swaddlers. ..I've used them with all 3 of my boys. I have tried other Pampers and brands and NOTHING compares. No leakage...no breakouts or rashes...the wetness strip on the middle needs to be on all the Pamper types like these. A WIN WIN!
I've tried several brands yet Pampers has been the only one that has not leaked. My husband and I will not ever go to a different brand! If it's not broken, why fix it?
I have tried a couple of different diapers for my little one and pampers swaddlers are by far my favorite!!
I absolutely love these diapers. I received various brands of diapers as gifts for my new baby. After a month of thoroughly testing each one I have found the perfect diaper for my baby- Pampers Swaddlers. They by far have the best fit; these were the only diapers that my baby did not leak in. They kept him dry longer, which kept him comfortable until I could change him. The tabs were easy to quickly open and then seal to the diaper. I found these diapers to be the most efficient for changings, which is great because my little guy gets cold and fussy when I change him. I love this product and plan to continue using these diapers exclusively! Happy baby, happy mama!
I'm so glad we chose swaddlers for our first and only diapers for our baby girl. We've used all the sizes up to 3, when we then switched to cruisers for flexibility.
I think a lot more people should try these diapers for their babies. They are worth it.
I love pampers and as a new mommy I didn't have a clue on which diapers to use and pampers made it easy!
I love Pampers Swaddlers! I got a bag of Pampers and the other brands during my baby shower. I was literally able to compare the products before I had to purchase them myself and by far, Pampers protected my baby's bottom the best. I noticed the other products would make me end up waking up more often at night to change her. I have two teenage daughters and Pampers were the best products then and still is!
We won't use any other diaper with our baby! It is so soft and I know he is comfortable in them. We are so happy they made the swaddlers in larger sizes!!!! :-)
We tried every brand out there for our new baby daughter and found Pampers to be the driest by far, even after she learned to sleep through the night. The price is steeper, but the quality is definitely worth the few extra dollars.
This is a great diaper...no leaking or rashes! Will definitely keep using these!!
These diapers are the best on the market. They fit my baby the best and he has had the fewest "blow-outs" with Pampers swaddlers than any other brand diaper.
Pampers Swaddlers' fit so much better than other diapers. Yes, daddy did lots of baby duty and these made the job a breeze.
Originally tried cloth diapers, but had so many leaks and blowouts. Waaay too much laundry. Tried just about every single brand and THE BEST brand for minimal leaks and blowouts was Pampers. By far the best for both of my kids. We won't buy any other diaper now.
We absolutely love Pampers Swaddlers. They fit my son perfectly to size without any discomfort. The wet indicator is also extremely helpful in letting me know when it is time for a diaper change. They are definitely worth the value and they are the only diapers we use!
Pampers are the best new born baby diapers i have ever used.These are the diapers that we were introduced at the Hospital. Swaddlers are very good . These are so absorbent that i'v never had experience any leak even after all night.
These size 1 diapers were used in the hospital for my baby (born 7lbs 1oz). The cord area was folded inward initially and there was no need to use the newborn size. The color stripe indicator works well especially as a new parent when you're not too sure if it's time to change the diaper!!
I love how soft the Swaddlers diapers are and they fit great. They are snug and comfortable and protect against leaks. The umbilical cord notch is very helpful. I feel good using them on my newborn.
I am proud to say that my 3 month old has worn only Pampers since his birth and my wife and I have been satisfied with the quality of Pampers Swaddlers. My only concern or question is can you make the sticky flaps longer so that they are more adjustable? Like maybe add like an inch or two because my son is in between size 1 and 2, and had there been extra length with the sticky part, he could probably feel more comfortable. Thanks again!
I am so glad that the Pampers Swaddlers are now in size 4 and 5! These are the best diapers for fit and absorbency. I love the softness of the diapers too!
Love the blue stripe makes life so easy and it works no matter which one they've done lol! Wouldn't want her in any other diapers!!!
I tried several brands to see which ones I liked best. Hands down Pampers was the best! I tried different Pampers brands as well. All of them are good, but my favorites are Pampers Swaddlers. My baby stayed dry and the wetness indicator was a great help to my husband!
These diapers are great! They absorb well, hold a lot, and never leak! They have even lasted through sleeping through the night!
I love Pamper Swaddlers. There a perfect fit for my daughter, and there very absorbent.
Pampers is my #1 choice
I love how the yellow indictor turns blue when the pamper is wet. And also love how it doesn't sink threw.
Love that you can tell so easily by the color change strip when your baby is wet. Very important for newborns who are nursing, so you are sure they are hydrated. Also use them when my babies were sick, to make sure they weren't getting dehydrated. Great product. Huggins always leaked... Pampers never did.
Even after a full night of sleep my son was dry. Tried another brand name on both of my sons. Within 2 hours they were wet. Not so with Pampers! Pampers knows how to make dispers for boys!
Great diapers great quality, bought these for my first son and was very happy. Wouldn't buy anything else
I tried using other brands but none of them work better than pampers . I love them so much and I'm happy my baby is comfortable in them .
Love pampers my child gets diaper rashes easy and never seems to get them with pampers products!
Have never had a leak! The only complaint I have is they swell out more than other diapers.
We've used Swaddlers since our lo was born. We did however receive many other brands such as Luv's, Huggies, Walmart, Target brands and none of them came even close to the softness of the Swaddlers. When we reached size 3 we did notice that we had to switch to Pampers Baby Dry for overnights because our little boy fills it up overnight. But during the day our number 1 choice is still Swaddlers. :)
Pampers swaddlers is the only diaper that has worked for my new born. They are the only diaper that hast fit well enough so there is no leaks. The wetness indicator works great. They keep my baby dry and happy.
These are the only diapers we use for our twin boys. They love the characters and mom and dad love the wetness indicators and softness. No blow out diapers like with other brands
Amazing ...
Pampers diapers are doing very good job. My babies are sleeping with out disturbance me.its always keep dry, absorbing very fast.
I tried other diapers, but the swaddlers seemed to be the best fit for my babies in their newborn/infant stages. Soft, comfortable and very absorbent. I highly recommend.
I tried other diapers when my baby girl was first born and they don't even compare to Pampers Swaddlers. They keep her dry even when she sleeps extra late.
We've been using these diapers since our son came home from the hospital. They are the softest, cloth-like diapers. They wick away the moisture and as new firsttime parents we loved the blue indicator line so we weren't guessing about when to change the diaper in those first sleep deprived weeks. We love these diapers & we've tried a lot of others that were given to us as presents. They just weren't doing the job and we'd switch back to the Swaddlers. We now have a choice to make though, stay with these or move on to the Cruisers since our son has become super active with figuring out crawling and is constantly on the go. I'm sure they will be the same great quality but I'm going to miss the wetness indicator.
They do a great job, hardly ever any blowouts. Great price for a quality diaper
I was a little skeptical about pampers in the beginning because I heard bad things about them but after buying huggies and realizing they were horrible I decided to give pampers a try. It was the best decision I have ever made. My daughter was a premie so the diapers I used before fit big no matter how tight I wrapped them. My husband came home one day with premie size swaddlers and I was amazed first that such a size existed and that they fit her so comfortably. After that I was sold on pampers. Swaddlers definetly lives up to the name, they fit my daughter so comfortably and are super absorbent. Best diapers out there and I wouldn't pick any other product.
Pampers are the only diapers that have held up with less leaks and more comfort for my little one. Will continue to use and recommend to others.
I love this brand, I know my daughter is comfortable through out the day.Very absorbant and a nice fit.
Pampers Swaddlers diapers are very soft and very comfortable for baby. The wetness indicator is life saver for first time mom like me. Absolutely love it!
I've used Swaddlers since I left the hospital with my newborn, I tried other brands as I wanted to make sure of how other brands worked.
We tried Huggies but they didn't fit as well as Swaddlers, and my baby sleeps great at night, his morning diaper is always soooo big and wet and this doesn't wake him up.
My diaper of choice is Pampers Swaddlers. They absorb nicely and I have had very few leaks. I love the wetness indicator strip on the diaper that tells you when the diaper is wet (very helpful when you have a newborn and have to keep track of wet diapers for the dr). I would highly recommend Pampers Swaddlers.
These diapers keep my babies dry and truly limit the messes! We started off using another brand but kept having messes. As soon as we switched to pampers swaddlers, our problem was solved.
My son is a mover and shaker and he can wear these without leaks or tears.
This is a great product baby dry honestly they wasn't ling all day all night this are the best diapers I have used
We love pampers. We have been using them for our daughter since birth and we certainly wont be changing anytime soon. As long as Pampers makes diapers in her size and at this rate we don't see a reason to switch. We have had friends buy other brands for her to help out and you can just tell she isn't comfortable.
I wont use anything but pampers for my little ones! The absorbency and softness keeps them dry and and no rash! Definitely would recommend pampers swaddlers to any other mother!
I love all pampers products, especially the swaddlers.
These are perfect for the new dad who needs a little help deciding on if the diaper is wet! These were our favorite diapers from preemie size to size 2 and then we switched to baby dry! Love Pampers!
I have use pampers on my son since birth. They are great in every way and i would recomend them to every person. They are very soft and my son jakobe loves them. He never leaks and hasn't had a diaper rash thus far!!!!
Love these diapers I prefer these over any other brand and recomend them to almost every one I know.
I love Pampers diapers. they are the best I've used out of any brand. other brands are not nearly as good and every night my baby would wake up wet unless she was wearing pampers. I have used Pampers consistently and if I have another baby in the future I will definitely continue to use Pampers.
I have used swaddlers since my first baby was born. They were the ones they used at the hospital. I just love the softness and feel of them. They also looked comfortable on baby. And I also loved the smell. I have never used any other diapers. Now that I have a second baby, I also use pampers swaddlers. I like the fact that they started making bigger sizes.
Love how soft the diapers are and they hold really good !
Pampers swaddlers are by far the softest diapers of its kind(except cruisers equally match them in softness). They are great for smaller babies that aren't already rolling over constantly or frequently jumping in their activity jumpers. My local hospital actually turned me on to these. They supplied them during my stay there.
These diapers are the ultimate must haves, especially for first time mom's. Truly designed for mommy and baby kept in mind especially for those first time mother's.
Love Pampers Swaddlers, only thing I've used that I like.
I use pamper swaddlers for my almost 5 month old son, and I couldn't be any happier with them! I also used the for my daughter who is now 7!
anytime anyone asks what diaper I wld use I always recommend pampers!
I never use any other brands, pampers are super soft and really absorb wetness like no other..
they are worth the $
My little guy has been in pampers swaddlers since he was a newborn. They are the perfect fit, He can move easily and he has NEVER had diaper rash! Love them!
I have used swaddlers, they are what I have used since my daughter was born!!! The next time I buy diapers I am going to try cruisers now that she is super active!!
Swaddler diapers have been our choice since a boy was born. Love the indicator on them. Would definatly recommend them to anyone.
I absolutely love Pampers Swaddlers-- and don't buy anything else for my two boys, ages two and under. They are soft, fit well and extremely absorbent. What a great product!
The color indicator is great, love it. Just as soft as the sensitive ones.
Super absorbency great diapers love them we always use pampers and will go to another store if the store is out
I will continue to buy pampers swaddlers because they are perfect for my babies sensitive skin. When we try using other brands or styles, a diaper rash will appear. When we switch back to swaddlers, it goes away.
Got pampers swaddlers from the hospital, and instantly fell in love with them!!
It is worth spending a little more money to get the Pampers quality! I love the wetness indicator.
If the hospital did not give up Pampers brand, we might not have learned how great this brand was.
The only diapers we use! We have tried other brands and pampers diapers, but these are the best! So soft, great fit, and the indicator is so helpful.
The hospital had these so we started off with them. I had both Huggies and Pampers from my shower. It was easy to decide I prefer the fit and absorbancy of Pampers to Huggies. I like the swaddlers because I know easily when she is wet.
I absolutely love Pampers Swaddlers. Not only do they keep my baby girl dry but the indicator strip is so awesome, and keeps me alert to when she needs to be changed. Love this product and I've already recommended it to all moms I know with babies and toddlers :)
So you joke about it as you leave the house -- I hope she doesn't have a dirty diaper while we're out for an hour for dinner. However, that's exactly what happened to me...the truly 100% completely full dirty size 2 diaper. Thankfully nothing had escaped the diaper, as I had not packed a new outfit and would have been embarassed to bring a naked baby out of the restaurant bathroom! I used an entire travel pack of wipes on her, but her outfit and my pride survived intact. These are worth it.
I am always able to trust these won't be leaky and will fit my child perfectly
I love these diapers, it's my number #1 choice since birth for my 4 month old
Husband loves these bc of the great indicator line. Great fit for our little princess, baby loves the softness.
I greatly prefer the Swaddlers to the Baby Dry diapers. Swaddlers are hands down the better choice for a breast fed baby with messy #2 diapers daily. Baby Dry simply do not pull the wetness away like the Swaddlers do.
Used these in the hospital, tried another brand when we got home and immediately switched back. Love this product.
We love cloth diapers but decided to try out the pampers newborn disposables, it was love at first sight...from the bottom up!!!!!! We now use them as a compliment to our cloth diapering system, you really can have it all :)
FTM and I've tried pampers and huggies. Pampers win every time in my book. I won't use anything but pampers.
We love Pampers Swaddlers! We had received another popular brand as a gift, my child's urine leaked out of the diaper. After having a few more leaks I switched back to using my Pampers Swaddlers and I have never had that issue again!
Soft feel and immediately absorbs moisture. We had other brands leak or take time for moisture to be absorbed. Also like the moisture indicator strip so I definitely know whether she has to be changed or not.
i just love swaddlers works well with my little one. All the other brands too many leaks but pampers works out great
Fits our daughter great compared to other brands. Holds A LOT of wetness!
I have been using pampers swaddlers since my baby is born, absolutely love them. tried using other brands but they all gave my baby rashes.
We've tried a few different brands and types of diapers both disposable and cloth on our daughter since she was born, but we always go back to Pampers Swaddlers. They keep her driest, hold the most, and are the best fit for our family.
I was given Swaddlers at the hospital my childvwas born at, after coming home I tried several other brands to compare. Both pricier and less expensive brands none seemed to work as well as Swaddlers. My daughter sleeps upwards of 8 hours and it holds her wetness and rarely leaks. They fit her well and seem to be the most comfortable out of the ones we have tried. The price is pretty average for a brand name diaper so I don't necessarily feel price wise I'm getting a deal, but I'm also not overspending.
We have been using Pampers Swaddlers diapers since our baby was born. She is 7 months now and still using them. We love the wetness indicator, which was especially useful when she was younger and it was harder to tell whether she was wet or not. It is easy to tell when to move up to the next size based on fit. They are very absorbent and I even had two go through the washing machine once without exploding! Our baby does better with a middle of the night diaper change now that she is older. She has had leaks in the morning a couple of times if she is not changed. During the day, Swaddlers do their job and keep her nice and dry!
I have a newborn at home, and was given a few different brands of diapers to try as gifts. Swaddlers were the only ones that kept everything inside, and help keep my baby dry through the night, when she decides to sleep that long :)
We absolutely love them! It's the only day time diaper we will buy!
Tried Other brands with our newborn and they leaked! Pampers have bee the best so far.
The pampers swaddlers are by far my favorite diapers. With my daughter I was a loyal huggies buyer, but when they started giving her a rash we switched to pampers - and we will never buy anything else! Expecting a baby boy in a few weeks and he's already got boxes of pampers stockpiled. They are more pricey than other brands and styles but it's worth it for the comfort of your baby.
Our little girl is on the petite side and we've never had an issue with the diapers fitting! Other brands fit huge and didn't hold up to the bowel movements. This is the only brand we buy!
We used Swaddlers on our newborn daughter night and day until she started sleeping longer stretches at night. Once she started sleeping long stretches, she would wake up slightly damp, so we decided to switch to baby dry/cruisers and eventually night time diapers. We didn't want to be buying multiple types of diapers for day/night if we didn't have to. We did love these while we were using them - VERY soft! And the wet/dry indicator was great for us newbie parents! (:
Loved these diapers when my son was first born. Soft and comfortable for him and my husband and I loved the indicator line.
After trying many different brand of diapers I absolutely 100% can say pampers keep my son dryer than others. He hasn't peed through once.
We absolutely LOVED using the Pampers Swaddlers Diapers! The little indicator lines were wonderful when my husband was learning to change diapers, and the first time we switched to the Baby Dry diapers, he called me into the room asking where the line had gone. He used them to show him which way the diaper was supposed to go, not just for showing when our baby was wet. =P Every time our friends invite him to a diaper party, he is sure to bring a pack of Pampers Swaddlers.
The wetness indicator ended up saving me a lot of money, as I realized I didn't need to change diapers nearly as often as I had before.
My husband and I requested only Pampers for our beautiful baby girl and are so glad we did! We haven't had any leaks and no diaper rash at all! Thanks Pampers!
Pampers swaddlers fit better that any other brand of diaper on the market. They keep my son drier than any other brand I have tried and I love the indicator stripe. Swaddlers are the only brand I use.
I just recently had my first child and recieved multiple brands of diapers from family. Of course i immediately went for the pampers first. Once i ran out i moved on to the other brands before going out to buy more diapers. Big mistake! The other brands left my poor little girl soaking wet all the time and the fit was horrible. After 2 days of trying the other brands we went back to Pampers.
Pampers are the only diapers our daughter can wear! The fit and absorbency are great! We also love the color changing stripe, it make life so much easier!
Swaddlers are excellent! I have been using them ever since I brought him home from the hospital and continue.
I absolutely love these diapers. I'm extremely satisfied, They're great quality&keep the baby feeling dry&comfortable
I love how soft these diapers are!! They are a top pick for my newborn!
ive used them since birth! i tries huggies, didnt like them..went straight back to pampers
My baby feels comfortable in it and sleep well when it's wet and I like it's easy to fit straps and these are amazing diapers I love pampers products and yes I definitely recommend to all new moms,even in hospital they gave pamper diapers to babies,because these are soft and comfortable for babies
I absolutely love pampers swaddlers. They are very absorbent and fit well. I can put my baby to bed and trust he will be dry in the morning, and in others I just don't feel comfortable to not change him in the middle of the night.
I have used Pamper Swaddler's on both of my kids and they are the best! I love them for night time. They are great for absorbency! I would definitely recommend these to anyone!
Swaddlers fit nicely without being bulky like some other brands. They keep the baby dry and absorb the mess well. As my baby is growing swaddlers are keeping up with the increase of messes.
What great diapers! I've tried a variety of different diapers, but these by far are my favorite. They really are softer, they smell better, and they fit my baby so well! I could not even think about using any other diaper from here on out! You know your a mom when you get excited about diapers ;)
These diapers are FABULOUS!! Theses were the diapers that the hospital used and we have used them ever sense. We bought huggies and didn't like them at all!!! They keep my baby very dry and the fit good too.. Would defiantly buy them again.
I'm absolutely happy with my swaddlers diapers. They are not only soft and lightweight but they are extremely absorbant. I feel safe leaving my infant in them throughout the night and knowing that he is dry and comfortable. I highly recommend them to parents.
these diapers are the best I use e starting out in the hospital after my son was born and find them very absorbent and comfy for my child
Great! Have used them for both of my children!!! would use again! super soft on babies skin my kids have super sensitive skin theses worked great!
I love these diapers! Great for a dry night sleep. The wetness indicator makes diaper changes so much easier and the rewards codes are a nice added bonus,
As a full time grandma to my first grandchild I have tried several brands of diapers and I have found pampers to be the best fit and the best for dryness. I also like that I can order them and they come to my front door. They where recommend to me and I love them and would recommend them to any other grandma.
These are the best diapers I've ever heard and seen of my son is so comfortable in them, and the absorbency is great especially since my son has medical problems that he needs to be on medication for I will always recommend this to friends and family
I have been using swaddlers diapers for my daughter for her first few months. I switched over to a non Pampers Brand and she was suffering from terrible diaper rashes. As soon as I returned to PAMPERS she is comfortable again. I am very happy that I have A HAPPY BABY AGAIN.
Pampers has come a long way! Love the way they fit my baby and the blue line indicating a dirty/wet diaper.
I've been using swaddlers on my son since the day he was born. I tried 3 other brands to see which diaper he would be the most comfortable in, swaddlers absolutely won. There has been twice that the store i was at was out of his size swaddlers, and i had to get another brand, i've always been disappointed. He just went into the size 4. I'm thrilled that they go to a size 5, hopefully we will be working on potty training and being successful before he outgrows those :)
-signed, one happy mommy!
I love using papers, they keep my son dry and happy. The only recommendation that I have is that the linging insde the diper should be a little hight so nothing comes out the sides or back.
over all love them even over huggies which I tried and was not happy with them
Bly diaper both of my babies could use without breaking out in a horrible rash! Wouldn't pick any other product or wipes!
We are expecting baby number two and although it would be nice to pay a little less for diapers, we are going back to Pampers because they work to keep baby dry.
Pampers Swaddlers are amazing. We have used them on our son since he was born 8 months old. No leaks, no blow outs. We love these diapers and will continue to buy them for as long as he is in diapers. We are so glad you extended the Swaddlers to size 5's!
Great Diapers for your Little One. I tried every other brand of diapers and nothing can compare to Pampers. The fit is great and will hold blow outs in the diaper usually 9/10 times. :) Which makes waking up in the middle of the night a lot easier when you don't have to do a whole wardrobe change.
Best fit for chubby babies. Skin stays dry even after a full night sleep.
We LOVE the Pampers Swaddlers. We had tried a couple other diapers and these are by far the best. My husband loves them because the indicator line, it's the only way he was able to tell if she needed her diaper changed. Highly recommend these!
The diapers are excellent! I refer all my friends and relatives to buy only pampers brand! Keep it up!
We've tried numerous brands of diapers, including many eco-friendly brands, and have been happy with using Pampers Swaddlers for our baby! They are soft and comfortable, and the wetness indicator is a great feature.
These diapers are by far the best diapers I have used thus far! My daughter can sleep through night and I don't have to worry about any leaks! I must say this brand lives up to its reputation! Life with a baby is a lot easier when you have a good diaper!
The umbilical notch is a must! Our baby's cord fell off early and required extra care because we used off brand diapers that were given to us at our shower that didnt have the notch. Huggies leaked with both of my kids. The wetness indicator is awesome. It really takes from having to do the squeeze and sniff test. Not bulky and absorbs very well.
These have got to be the best diapers in the world. They last forever and they do not leak like some of the others that I have tried. The swaddlers seem like they fit better around my daughters waist than some of the others that are awkward looking on her. These are the diapers that I always buy and will always buy and I don't know what I would have done had they not been released in larger sizes.
We started using Swaddlers because that's what the hospital used. We used them from Newborn to Size 4 with our son (who is now 4-1/2) and are using again with our daughter - starting with Newborn to current Size 3. They fit well - for both boys and girls. I've heard in the past that some diapers are better suited for one or the other - but am pleased this is not the case here. We love the wetness indicator on the early sizes. The characters are also nice for the kids. When we've encountered any leaks, it hasn't been because of the diaper quality - we've simply moved up a size because of the output. Would and have recommended product to all our friends!
We love Pampers Swaddlers! They always fit perfectly and we don't have leaks. It amazes me how much they can hold!
I have tried every brand of diapers out there. The pampers swaddlers are by far the best! Pampers are the only products I buy and will continue to buy! Definitely worth the money. They keep my little boy dry and they do not irritate him at all! Thanks for making such a great product!
All my kids have sensitive skin and these pampers do the trick. I have no problems whatsoever.
Love pampers diapers!! They fit my son perfect for when he is on the move. They keep him dry and no leaks.. He has no leaks thru the nights wakes up with out a rash.
New mom here I tried luvs,Huggies pampers works the best no leaks or blow outs, the other brands plenty of blow outs
I can honestly say I have tried several diapers and Swaddlers will always be the ones I come back to.

The only reason I have changed recently is because I am using my baby shower supply of Huggies. I have 2 boxes of Huggies and 2 boxes of Pampers. I love my Swaddlers so much I want to use all my Huggies first so I can save the best for last.

Pampers has absolutely spoiled me with these Swaddlers, so much, that my husband gets very angry with other diapers. His main reason for liking Swaddlers is the wetness indicator. He has joked several times that he has no clue how parents did it before Pampers came out with these new diapers.

Furthermore I like the weight of the diaper. How it actually feels like no matter what, this diaper can hold anything. When we used Huggies Snugglers it felt like we were wrapping tissue paper around our daughter....so not cool.

As I said above I will ALWAYS come back to Swaddlers. I'm so happy they go all the way up to size 6!!!!
These are by far the best diaper on the market. They keep baby dry and are very soft. My sweet loves them as much as I do.
these diapers are so great my grandson these diapers is all he can wear there the best thank you
I have always bought Pampers Diapers but I absolutely love the Swaddlers! They fit great & they have a stripe that turns from yellow to blue once your baby has soiled the diaper! It makes it so easy to see of baby needs to be changed! I was given other kinds if diapers at my shower but I prefer Pampers Swaddlers without a doubt. :)
I can count on Pampers to stand strong up against the challenges thrown at them by my baby's unpredictable bowels.
A perfect pamper for my baby girl :) she is comfortable & happy ... And stays dry ... I highly recommend pampers to any mother
I love Pampers Swaddlers diapers I have been using them every since my children where born, and they have never leaked.
Pampers Swaddlers have the best absorbency compared to other brands.
I have used pampers swaddler, cruiser, pull ups For my daughter 1st child ans was very content and satisfied with the material compared to other known brands. Pampers is very soft and gives a fresh cloth kind of feeling. When my second baby was born- 6 weeks now, there was no other thought for which diaper to buy... Pampers diapers and wipes are the best for my babies..
We had twins in February 2014 and the swaddlers fit them perfectly! Many people bought us all kinds of diapers as gifts but Pampers are our favorite.
Pampers Swaddlers are the best quality for the dollars you spend on them. This diaper has kept my baby dry with the same capacity that other diapers have failed, by either leaking from the side, etc. The diaper has always shown me to be dependable when traveling distances as well.
We have twin girls, and though we were tempted to purchase a cheaper alternative to Pampers because of the added expense of having to buy for two, we ultimately stuck with Swaddlers because we experienced a better fit and fewer "blowouts" with Swaddlers than any other brand (or store-brand) we tried.
swaddler fits the best although it does moves down a little bit when the little one is moving or kicking for a whole day. but overall, i like the absorbency and how it holds up and makes the baby less cranky
There are many things I appreciate about Pampers diapers but one of my favorite features is the scent. When I pull out a diaper and put it on my baby it smells so fresh and clean. Not all diaper brands have such a nice smell. It is a little thing but something that I really appreciate!
Pampers are amazing. They have never leaked through with my baby. I always know when to change it. I dont have to constantly change my babies clothes. I'll never switch to another brand.
these diapers are just awesome! wetness indicator is a huge plus! will buy again!
i just be a mom 5 months, i ask my friends which diapers is good, all of my friends use pampers, so i try to use it and also try the other brand, i find out pampers diapers is the best, it's soft, fit and comfortable for my baby. i will keep use it.
I used swaddlers for both my baby boys when they were infants because the fit and absorbed.
This is by far the best diapers I've bought for my kids.
They great diapers, definitely no leaks! Love them!
I used Pampers Swaddlers for both my children. I am now sending them to my brother who just had his first child. I plan on sending them a box of every size as my nephew grows! That is how much I loved loved loved them!

Thanks Pampers!
I want to start off by saying I was wrong.

There I was 2 months before I was about to have my beautiful baby daughter, I was making my registry for my baby shower.
I approached the diaper aisle.. with the thought in my mind "huggies diapers must be better! They are the most talked about" so I placed them on my registry. Two months later I had my daughter... I went to change her diaper for the first time ever and I seen that the hospital gave me Pampers Swaddlers. I was hesitant to even use them because they were not "Huggies" Well, the FIRST time I used a huggies diaper she leaked through it so badly we had to change her clothes. I kept using the huggies, thinking it must just be my daughters body. Well, I was sick of changing her outfit every time I needed to change her diaper.. So I switched to Pampers Swaddlers. Best decision ever. I am so happy the way they fit my daughter. I love them so much, I have convinced all of my friends to switch from Huggies to the Pampers! They are truly amazing!
These are the best fitting diapers, love them, they stay fresh all day until the next change. Ilk keep buying these diapers
I was given all sorts of diaper brands for my baby shower. When I was at the hospital however, they had Swaddlers for me to use. I missed them so much while going through the diapers I was given. Now that I have to buy diapers, I buy these and these only! I've had zero leaks, zero rashes, and my baby's skin is always soft. I can't say that about other brands. Highly recommend!
I just love Pampers. We started using them when we were still in the hospital. We haven't had any leaks while using them unlike the Huggies brand, which always seem to leak or fit strange.
These are the best diapers out there that I have found. I've tried everything from store brand to all the big name brands. I have found Pampers to be the best quality and well worth the money. I have 2, soon to be 3 in diapers and Pampers is all I will use :-)
I know that every time I get my kids up in the morning or from a nap, they will be dry. Pampers has never let us down and my kids love the designs on them as well.
I love how swaddlers are now available in larger sizes. I've used them for both my boys, and now I love that for my youngest one I don't have to change types. They're super absorbent, soft, and the indicator line helps my husband out a ton.
They fit and only brand my son could wear bc of sensitive skin. Swaddlers were my favorite.
I have always used Pampers for both my kids. They are the best diapers ever!
I've tried other brands, and haven't found any other diapers Ilike as much as pampers. Love pampers diapers no leaks at all!
Pampers Swaddlers are awesome! They have excellent absorbency. My son wakes up with a heavy diaper but is dry. In the eight months he has worn these he has yet to break out in a rash. I attribute this to the absorb away liner which keeps him dry plus, the wetness indicator is an easy way to see if my son is wet. The wetness indicator is spot on every time allowing me to change him frequently. For the most part fits great other than when he is transitioning to another size and is to big for one size and on the smaller end of the next, which has caused leakage only a handful of times. I would without hesitation recommend this diaper.
I used nothing but pampers for my oldest..now I'm a second time mom expecting within the next 2 weeks & I look forward into using nothing but pampers for this one also..
With these diapers I rarely have to worry about waking up n the middle of the night to a big mess from the diaper failing. I was gifted a case at my baby shower and now I have a new baby shower go-to gift.
LOVE THEM! At the hospital, the nurses put our son in Pampers. We had previously told our friends and family that we were going to use Huggies, but after using Pampers in the hospital and then coming home to use Huggies, it became clear that Pampers were a much better fit for boys. We have only used Pampers since, and haven't looked back.
Every other diaper on the market my son has leaked through. These are the only diapers we use because he has not leaked yet!
Only diapers I will use on my newborn fit him great never leak!
Tried a competing brand and my son would constantly leak through. With the swaddlers never had an accident no matter how long he has them on.
These are really soft and absorbent. No leaking. Better than Huggies.
These are the best quality diapers i have used for my daughter out of them all. :) They help to minimize the blowouts and do not give her any rashes of any sort, oh, and
the subtle color changing strip is nice to have to simply reassure me that my mommy monitor is working properly :)
This diapers fit great and are super absorbent! I would definitely recommend this brand to all mothers!
Pampers swaddlers are super absorbent and have best fit compared with other name brand and generic diapers. Love the wetness indicator.
My baby loves wearing this dipers. She stares at the pictures and giggles, and I love the quality/absorbency at night.
Love this product!!!! It's does amazing for my little ones!!!
Our baby has been in the hospital for almost 2/3 of his life and we've always used Pampers. He's never had a rash of any kind so we're set on Pampers for life!
As having a boy the product really held well. No order was coming out. I like that you can find big boxes with lots of count for a great price. Wish all of pampers product did that. Great full for the product and company.
Pamper's swaddlers are the best diapers I've come across. I've tried other brands as well and they all can't compare to the fit and feel of the swaddlers. Best of all is the yellow strip changes colors once wet.
The best pampers I've tried and loved compared to others they we're a perfect fit for my little one even the wipes were of great quality.i only purchase pampers and it's the only brand that never disappoints.
We really pleased with high quality of Pampers diaper and wipes , we will definately recommend this to our friends .
I like the wetness detector...no rashes...all over great!
The saying goes "you get what you pay for!" That holds true with diapers! We have tried the other 2 leading diaper brands, but Pampers are the only ones that do not leak! The swaddlers keep our son dry and less fussy when it comes to dirty diapers. Pampers are definitely worth the investment!
My 9 month old is ultra prone to diaper rash, usually as a diet related issue while exploring new foods. Pampers does a great job of drawing moisture away from her body to reduce irritation and the redness disappears quickly.
I know being a new mom is stressful. Welcome to motherhood everyone says. But one thing a new mother has to find out first is what brand diapers is best for her new arrival. Pampers swaddlers all the way. They fit newborns so snug. Absorb the messes completely, and are so soft. You know it's got to be the most comfortable feeling on you baby's tushie. Buy pampers you won't be sorry!
These diapers are fantastic! I love the color changing line that shows when the baby needs to be changed. They are very absorbent. My son has never had a reaction or leaked out of these diapers.
This is the only diaper I will put my newborn children in!!
I love the swaddlers diapers! I used them with my first two babies and they worked great. I am pregnant with my third and plan to use them for this one too. The umbilical cut-out is awesome so you don't have to fold the diaper down each time and the wetness indicator is a life saver at three in the morning.
From my big boy to my smallest boy it's become a tradition to use pampers. They are cute & comfy & smell fresh like a baby is suppose to smell. I love them!!!
It is very soft and my baby luv the product.The indicator line which turns yellow to blue helps me a lot ...to change the diaper.I am in luv with the product and will recommend it to all the moms.....
I absolutely love swaddlers they are so soft and comfortable they were perfect for my newborn I just can't say enough good things about these diapers and I just can't get enough pampers products. Love. Love.Love!!!!
As a first time mom, I just knew from the start I wanted to go with Pampers. The hospital even supplied us with Swaddlers. My baby boy has been in Swaddlers since day 1 and now at 4.5 months (and in Size 3!) they are still our favorite. They hold so very well overnight and the line that changes color when wet comes in so handy for our big eater who has lots and lots of wet and soiled diapers each day. When I tried some other diapers we were given at one point, my husband said "Where's the line? We need the other ones!" I did not care for other diapers gifted to us, as they don't compare to Swaddlers. I couldn't be more pleased with how the Swaddlers have worked for us in the past few months, and look forward to still using them in the future.
I'll never use another brand. Have tried them all and these are by far the best for the price.
My daughter loves getting her diaper changed, not only does she like wearing the diapers she plays with them constantly because that are soft, stretchy, and smell amazing!
Very good diaper, i mean hospitals uses this brand so you know they should be good... but in order for them to work is for you to buy the right size
Pampers swaddlers work well for my little one. Love that they have the blue line indicator!
These are the best diapers for my child he can move alot eaiser in this brand then in other diapers. Pampers also absorbs so much more then the other brands out there. My husband says he will only by the pampers because they have to little yellow line that turns blue to indicate when our son is wet. He says its much easier then other brands.
I can remember shopping for diapers when my older son was almost to be born. I was so excited to try these diapers and then I got to try then out at the hospital. They were perfect to help me see if he was wet and it fit really nicely around his cubby thighs. I used them for my second son who also was cubby and it fit great. A definitely great diaper for new babies!
I love pampers!!! I used them with both of my older kids and am now using them with our newborn. That's seven years of Pampers! I highly recommend this product.
I only used Swaddlers for my son and continue to use them for my daughter. They fit great and don't leak. There is also no irritation from the diaper. I am glad they are up to a size 5 now so I know I will be able to continue using them in the future.
I'm so glad Pampers started offering more sizes in Swaddlers. When I had my daughter years ago there were only a few sizes and I was overjoyed to hear there were extended sizes in these because they are wonderful diapers! They absorb better than any other diaper and the wetness indicator is a wonderful feature to have.
I love Pampers Swaddlers! The diaper is so thin and absorbent. Couldn't live without them!
Keeps baby dry and comfy! Have not had a problem with any leaking either...even overnight :-)
As a first time mom I didn't know what diaper to use, but after using different kinds I came to the conclusion that pampers worker best for my baby. While the other brands allowed everything to leak on my daughter's clothes.
Can't say enough great things about Pampers. Our son has been using them for almost 14 months, and we have never had a problem. Hands down, Pampers are the best!!!!
These are awesome, and we love them!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
My husband n I love it, I recommend this is the best diaper we should have for our kids... It's soft and comportable ..
Absolutely love pampers best diaper by far. I have tried every one out there and pampers is the best.
These diapers are so great for my little one. No accidents while she crawls or rolls or walks.
These are the diapers I immediately began using in the hospital after my son was born, and I was equally immediately thrilled! As a first time mom, I was terrified that I would not know when to change him, so the wetness indicator was a huge deal to me. The fit was impeccable, and they are so soft and just wicked all moisture away from his sensitive skin! My only complaint was that as he grew older (by size 2), he was peeing in larger amounts and sleeping longer, and the diapers sometimes leaked. But for the first months of infancy, there is absolutely nothing better in my opinion, I was so sad to have to switch! 5 enthusiastic stars!!!
Love how they fit, plus how much they hold! and love the wetness line on them, I would say compared to other products that is my favorite part! overall this is one of my favorite types of diapers to use on my little guy.
This is my second baby and I made sure to put swaddlers on my registry. With my first child , he had blowouts all the time with Huggies. But when we started using swaddlers.... no more blow-outs! Swaddlers snuggly fit his leg to keep everything in. So my daughter has only used Swaddlers and she is now 5 months old and not one blowout! Also , she is not disturbed overnight by wetness....they are very absorbent.So we both wake up happy
Compared to other Pampers' diapers and honest diapers - these hold the most #1 and absorb #2 off baby's bum the quickest. The only diapers my little one can go all night without fussing of a dirty bottom.
It's amazing how Pampers dryness works. It fits great on my baby, and it's comfortable.
We received many packs of diapers from multiple Baby Showers and these are are favorite!
These diapers are so perfect they are the only ones I'll use on my sweet son. The PERFECT diaper. :)
Love knowing when my baby pees without having to feel/peek inside. I have no leaks with these diapers. Swaddlers are my diaper choice!!
I Love Them I Just Wish They Were More Affordable, Or If You Can Mail Out CoupOns. But Great overall
I used these for daughter and never have nay problems
i love this pampers i have been buying since 09 when my first daughter was born they are supper absorbent the Quality is good
now that i have my little one is born i definitely relay on this brand
I have 3 kids, and all of them have used Swaddlers as newborns. They are great fit, and absorbent. I would definately recommend these to others.
Being on a budget has given me the oppertunity to shop for the best diaper for my money. I would rather buy the diaper that keeps my baby dry all night instead of waking up to a damp crib mattress. Pampers Swaddlers not only fit well but keep her drier all night without a change, thus saving diapers and money! We love Pampers!
We received a few different brands of diapers at our baby showers. Now that our baby is here and we have tried them all out, we know that Pampers Swaddlers are our favorite!
Honestly the Papers Swadlers are the best diapers for my baby in size 1. The other brands I have tried do not catch all the mess. Pampers Swaddlers are snug around the legs without being too tight.
I feel Swaddlers gave me peace of mind. I know when my little one has wet his diaper.
The only diapers I use for my newborn! Consistently great, keeps baby dry.
I love your products! they fit my baby the best out of any other companies I have tried including Huggies and Luvs. My favorite are the swaddles, they hug my little one perfectly with no leaks or folds. I can honestly say you are the only company that we buy from since our first experience with you!
Excellent diaper especially for newborns ! I used these for all 3 of my children!
We love Pampers Swaddlers. It is our favorite diaper of all. The design is cute but not overwhelming. Works great!
Pampers products are all my son uses. Pampers swaddlers are great also there sensitive wipes. My son sleeps threw the night and when he gets up his diaper is full but he's never wet out of the diaper.I've used deffrenf diapers for him when he fist started sleeping threw the night but when I woke up he was wet threw his diaper to his clothes.
I have 6 month old twin girls and we exclusively use swaddlers as our daytime diapers. By far the best out there. You can try a cheaper brand up you end up using twice as many diapers.
Swaddled are the best quality diaper. They fit well and never leak.
Before we had our baby we had no idea which diapers we were going to use. When we had him the hospital gave us pampers and we like them for many reasons. The first is the line that turns blue to let us know when he has wet his diaper is really helpful so that way I can change him right away. Second, we love the fit! he hasn't had an accident yet!
I've used this product for both kids. I've not had any leakage issues. It has not caused any skin irritations. It fits well. Overall, it's a great quality product!
The blue line to indicate its time to change my baby is amazing. These are not as bulky as some other brands.
Loved these diapers - others would leak when my son had even just a wet diaper. Hospital was where I originally received them and continued using at home. Love the
Indicator showing if diaper is wet so I don't have to waste diaper or make baby fussy.
Pampers Swaddlers are our go-to diapers and we won't be switching anytime soon! We tried a bargain brand and had 3 blowouts in two days. With Swaddlers, we have had 2 blowouts in 4 months! The fit is excellent - it holds up well and little girl is a big mover. It absorbs wetness away from her skin so she doesn't get uncomfortable during extended periods overnight or in the car. Overall, we are very pleased with our Swaddlers!
I use pampers swaddlers for my baby. Diaper stands in place and keeps my baby dry even if skip a diaper change.
I compared pampers with a different diaper company but my vote is for Pampers!
My brother and his wife are expecting their first baby. The best advice I can give them is to buy pampers wipes and diapers. They are truly the best brand out there!
We received many different brands at the baby shower, and after our son was born- the choice was clearly pampers. We use swaddlers during the day and baby dry at night. Almost 7 months later, and we still have had no issues with diaper rash and our son is most comfortable in pampers.
My children all had very sensitive skin and these diapers worked best with no irritation and minimal leaking. We will continue using them with our upcoming twins!:)
These diapers are so great! They are super absorbent and I can always feel confident putting my baby in one because I know she won't get a rash or have any leakage. It is worth the price, the cheaper diapers just do not compare one bit to pampers.
We have only trusted pampers swaddlers over any other brands and even over other types of pampers. Great 9-10 years ago with my first two children and great still with my new baby
The wet indicator line makes it very easy to tell when baby has a wet diaper.
ONCE I EXPLAINED THAT THE LINE INDICATES IF HE NEEDS A DIAPER CHANGE HIS GRANDFATHER IS ON TOP OF DIAPER CHANGES.
THERE IS SELDOM ANY LEAKS OR OOPS WITH SWADDLERS. I LOVE THIS DIAPER AND I HAVE TRIED ALL OF THE BRANDS. NOTHING COMPARES.
These diapers work well for my 5 week old son he has never wet thru his clothes with these diapers.
I love Pampers Swaddlers. They are super soft and are one of the only diapers not do not break my son out in a rash due to his sensitive skin. I buy them every week. If i could change one thing about them, and this would be the only thing, I would make them a bit more absorbent. Not to hold more potty, I change my son as soon as he potties, but to make the diaper absort the potty, not leaving his skin super damp. I love the softness though. Also the wetness detecting stripe.
I love pampers. I never buy anything or any other brands. Sadler are my favorite I love the wipes to my daughter never had a blow out and I never worry about leaking
I love these diapers!! They are so soft and snug. They are one of my favorites
I have tried all the major brands of diapers and I hands down would pick pampers every time! They are great for day or night! I used a different brand for my first two children and wasn't 100% satisfied with the product. I have not had any problems what so ever with Pampers!
I'm a first time mom. My son was born a week ago and so far I am very happy with these diapers. We've only had one blow out and that was from Daddy not securing one side of the diaper. So far so good!
I just had my first child, and am using Pampers Swaddlers on him. He was born prematurely, and I noticed that the hospital used Pampers diapers. The Preemie diapers fit great, and I haven't had a leak yet! Thanks Pampers!
I love the smell and softness of these diapers. It's awesome how the line changes color when the diaper is wet.
Love the softness and fit of this diaper! Started using this product at work ( work at childrens hospital) and now buy for my own daughter. Would definately recommend!
We love using Pampers Swaddlers on our little guy. Once he got mobile we switched to cruisers, but swaddlers were the best for our sweet baby.
Only diapers that don't leak! Awesome for all 3 of my kids!
We have been using these since my LO came home from the hospital. We received diapers of all different kinds from people at baby showers and such but we always feel like these are the best for our LO. They fit her well and we rarely have a blow out. She is now 4 months.
Our little girl spent a little extra time in the hospital after she was born and we were not happy with the diapers they used. They did not fit well or keep her dry. She would wake often because of a wet diaper.
As soon as we got home we put her in swaddlers immediately. They fit great and really keep her dry. We started with newborn size and are now in size 3 swaddlers. We won't use any other diaper for our daughter. Thank you pampers!
I've been using these on my now six week son and it has kept him dry through the night and through the days when I couldn't quite change him and he hasn't even had a diaper rash yet . theses my friend are wonderful thanks for making such great products.
Other diapers just don't compare to Pampers. While we've always preferred Pampers; sometimes we'd happen upon a different brand. And it's always a mistake. We've been shown a couple times that Pampers is always the choice to make!
I love pamper dryness indicator on the diapers especially when the baby is little and sometimes harder to figure out his dry just feeling.
The Pampers Swaddlers with wetness alert were the first diapers my son ever wore. They worked excellently from the start. I loved how the yellow line would turn to a different green when wet.They fit perfectly on his little fat thighs and small butt. I've tried another brand from the honest company that weren't true to fit like Pampers Swaddlers. Never trying another brand again. I love PAMPERS SWADDLERS FOR MY NEWBORN.
Softness and comfort for my little man... The softness of Pampers is very comforting.
She can sleep, play and not have to worry about springing a leak!
Pampers Swaddlers are the best diapers out there. When I had my first child I was gifted with an assortment of different brands, but I only ever purchased Pampers myself because I trust that they are the best diapers. Recently I bought Pampers for my coworker's baby shower, since I like using them so much myself. Pampers Swaddlers are soft and absorbent, and we rarely ever have leaks. I have put both my little ones in Pampers, and while I look forward to transitioning the baby to the potty like his older sister, I know there's a great Pampers product I can use in the meantime.
I like pampers swaddlers diapers, very soft on baby's skin. Quick to absorbs fluids and keeps baby dry. Keeps the baby asleep for the entire night, which is excellent. Thanks, I would recommend this product.
I received many different brands of diapers for my baby shower, and after trying most of them I was beyond impressed with Pampers in comparison to Huggies!
doesn't leak at all, very soft and doesn't bug the baby!
This is the only diaper that keeps my son dry overnight. All other products, we have to change his clothes in the morning.
These small little diapers really do there job. my new grandson is a little peeing machine and swaddlers really do the job !
I've used pampers with all 3 of my children, so of course when I became pregnant with our last baby my choice of diapers was naturally pampers. It had been 10 years since I had a baby in diapers so I decided to try the swaddlers. I was surprised how absorbent the diapers were and how well they fit my newborn. As a breast fed baby her diapers can be quite messy but I'm surprised that there has been no leaks with these diapers. I'm glad I chose to use pampers as our preferred diapers again. I'm truly happy with the changes that pampers have made through the years and that I can still count on a great diaper at a good price.
My husband and I were given other brands for our baby shower and took them back to buy these! These keep our little one dry and comfortable and are gentle against her sensitive skin.
Pampers quality is just the best. I recently had a baby shower and was given other brands of diapers. I couldn't return them so I had to use them and I hate it. Pampers products just feel better and work great for my babies.
I choose swaddlers over any pamper in the store! I've tried all brand of Pampers, Huggies, Luvs and I will never purchase any other brand!
I've tried many different diapers for my son and this is the only one that is leak proof. And fits perfectly for a little mover.
I love using pampers products on my son. The diapers are wonderful and keep my son dry through the night. They don't fall apart when they are wet and are made from a comfortable material they doesn't irritate my son's delicate skin.
these are the softest and best fitting, they do cost a little more but glad to see them in bigger sizes
My daughter is 7 months old and she's been wearing Swaddlers since she was in size 1. I tried other brands of diapers but none satisfied me. I was sold on the soft scent the diaper gives off and keeps the dirty smell away. I absolutely love the wetness line indicator, but my husband loves it even more. When that yellow line turns blue, it's my husbands shortcut to changing her diaper. The length of time the diaper holds wetness is another reason I stick to buying Swaddlers. I say give them a try and enjoy the results just as much as my family does!
I would like to say I love the pampers products I use pampers swaddlers for my son and love them. They are the only diapers that my son doesn't leak through and don't cause a rash. I highly recommend these diapers for anyone with babies in diapers .
Our family love pampers ! They are seriously the best diaper we have ever used .
Great absorbency and so soft . I know my baby is so comfortable in these diapers
Great product. I was recommended this diaper and used nothing less for months. When I did experiment with other diapers, I quickly came back to this.
I absolutely love the Pampers! everything from their wipes to diapers! they are so soft and such a great fit!
We love pampers! we've tried other leading brands and none of them hold up or remotely compare to pampers.
I love how these fit to my daughters little body, I don't worry about leaks or comfort.
I have tried other brand on my baby and pampers is at the top of the list. She has been useing them since day 1. Loved the fit and quality . They keep everything in without spillage
As a new momma, I was blind to which diapers were the best. Through trial and error and lots of sheet changes we found pampers to be our favorite. They do not leak during the night and that's what makes them our personal favorite!
Love these diapers tried them on my first born when the competitor's started leaking started using these and no problems since I have a new baby now and I use them on him as well.
I used Pampers Swaddlers for my 1st daughter 9 years ago. Now, with another newborn in the house, I am using them again. These diapers are great! They fit my child well, hold in the urine, less leaks, and I really like how they have the urine detector strip on the outside now. Pretty neat! I would recommend these diapers to any new mom.
i love using pampers swaddlers for my newborn son. they seem to fit better than most brands and are gentle on his skin. my baby is a pampers baby:)
I expected normal, basic diapers- my little one had been wearing Walmart-brand size N for so long I had no idea that a diaper could be so much more! The Pampers Swaddlers wrapped my baby so securely I knew then that had no reason to worry about unexpected leaking or weird fits.
Have been using since our son left the NICU! No problems to this day!
I use this brand for my newborns. Pricey but worth it. I like the wet indicator because anyone who helps take care of the baby can tell when the baby is wet without disturbing the newborn while asleep. I like the fact that the diaper is soft and gentle and keeps the baby's bottom dry despite how wet or soiled the baby is. This is my newborn go to brand.
I have tried different brands of diapers, but I find that pampers swaddlers fit the best.
I love those diapers. Swaddlers are the best from all diapers. Absorb and protect my baby so well that I didn't have any diaper rush at all! Definitely recommend to everyone especially for first time mother who like me don't nkw what to choose :)
These are the best diapers! Sensitive is the best but this is second!
By far my favorite diaper. As first time parents we've recently tried all the brands and we keep coming back to Pampers Swaddlers. They appear to be the best comfort and the wetness line is a nice touch. Totally recommend.
Very dry. Soft, not hard like some diapers. They have a good scent and keep baby very dry. I love them.
I love pampers more than any other brand! Other brands are thin and don't hold up as well!
Being a new dad and changing diapers is tough. Not with these swaddlers the indicator is so helpful and you don't waste diapers!! I highly recommend these to everyone. The most helpful diaper out there! Very soft for my girl also
Pampers Swaddlers are the best diapers out there! They work great and keep my baby super dry!
Best diaper for staying dry through the night other brands do not compare to this product and trust me I have been through them all
I had used the pampers swaddlers for all of my 3 kids and found them to be wonderful in keeping them dry and comfortable. I also work as a newborn nursery nurse and have used the pampers diapers for our newborns and have been wonderful in keeping them dry. Loved the colored strip indicator which shows that baby has a wet diaper making it easier to tell moms what to look for when it's time to change the baby's diaper. Pampers really knows what moms need to know about diapers. Thank you for your great innovation.
I've been using Pampers since my 1st child almost 7 years ago and still going strong on child #4! At one point I switched to other cheaper brands, but I immediately switched back!
I love pampers they hold well, love the wetness indicator.
I am a mother of 4 and this time I dared to stray away from pampers at the beginning and attempted to try out the competitor, well needless to say...I'm back! There is no comparison pampers is by far the best there is!
Before my baby was born, I had people telling me to buy pampers swaddles. Even when I went to set up my baby registry my friend told me to put swaddled diapers on my registry. I couldn't understand peoples' obsession with these diapers. Now that my baby is here and I've experienced what it's like to use these diapers versus other brands...I totally get it. My husband and I tried another diaper brand, thinking diapers are diapers what's the big deal. We both agreed that we would never buy any other brand again. If you want to take care of your baby and keep him dry then you need Pampers Swaddlers. They are without a doubt the overall best diapers for your baby.
I have tried almost every brand of diapers out there. EVERY BRAND!! So far Pampers has been the best. From softness to best fitting.
Very good quality, worth the extra money. The material was soft on my newborns skin, fit well.
I absolutley love the pampers swaddlers. Keeps my little man dry and I love the wetness line indicator. I love how the diapers are made on the inside as well as on the outside. They are like a quilt wrapping my baby's bottom in softness and comfort while keeping him dry at all times. Plus they absorb and hold wetness. :)
This is the diaper that the hospital put on my daughter. It fit my tiny 5lb. baby perfectly!
I LOVE the Swaddlers! Super soft, very absorbent, and we've never had any issues with leaks. I just wish they would package more diapers in the boxes as you get into the larger sizes so you get more value for your money. Other than that, swaddlers all the way!
My baby has very sensitive skin. Pampers sensitive diapers and wipes really aid in keeping my baby's skin hydrated. Happy baby happy life!
Love this product. Will continue to use Pamper products.
Pampers Baby Dry are MY favorite, they are perfect!
My favorite were Preemie size diapers!!! no leaks.
IT IS EXCELLENT , AMAZING AND WORTH. EVERY MOM MUST USE IT.
Would most definitely. But this product again. It is worth it.
As a new first time mom our family absolutely loves PAMPERS. We were first introduced to the PAMPERS brand in the NICU at the hospital we had our premature daughter (under two pounds). We tried other brands given to us but didn't like them at all. Our family loves PAMPERS. The fit and absorption (even with a blowout) is excellent and the line indicator is an added bonus.
Thank you
Awesome A's
I have no basis for comparison, but in about 400 diapers, she's only ever blown out 2.
I'll be honest - I dont always buy name brand diapers (mostly in order to save money!), but for my brand new baby, it HAS to be Pampers Swaddlers. They are the softest diaper I have found, and I just cant imagine putting anything else on that new little butt! ;)
Why my baby likes Pampers?
Because it's very comfortable: it's soft; has Color-changing wetness indicator; i can collect points!!!
I have been using pampers for 10 months now and I could not use any other they are perfect fit! They hold all night! They are not too expensive but if they were they would sill be worth it!
Super absorbent and stays secure for a long time. They seem comfortable and allows the child to move comfortably
I love these diapers. We were using this brand first but I had some other brands bought for me so we tried them. The Pampers Swaddler's absorb better, kept my son drier, and covered the smell of the waste better than any of the other diapers we have tried. They also didn't let him wet through the diaper like the others we tried. They may cost us a little more in the beginning but they save us time and money because we aren't going through a diaper every 30 minutes.
When it comes to diapers, Pampers does the job for our family with three little bottoms that presently or previously needed diapering! Our newest little one sleeps through the night with Pampers; otherwise, she requires 2-3 diaper changes during the night when we have tried other brands of diapers.
Iireally like Pampers unique wicking liner. It really seems to absorb wetness much faster than traditional liners of diapers. We have used 'Swaddlers and 'Swaddlers Sensitive, as well as Cruisers and Baby Dry. All-around, even when we are tight on our budget, we know Pampers is worth every cent, and for that, we will pay the extra compared to some less expensive diapers, because the less expensive diapers also require more frequent diaper changes, rashes, leaks, etc. You get what you pay for, and Pampers is a brand to trust when it comes to investing in a quality diaper to pamper those little bottoms, and they deserve to be pampered!
I'm a new mom, but i instantly Fell in love with these diapers. I love the absorbancy and the wetness indicator
I love pampers swaddler brand diapers. They are soft and very absorbent. There are no leaks with pampers brand. The wetness indicacator is plus and makes it easier to determine if the diaper is wet. I will never use another brand diaper.
I have always loved Swaddler diapers and now that they are available in size 6, well that a HUGE plus in my book. These diapers are excellent for my baby and my toddler. GREAT product.
Wonderful and a must have for crawlers/early walkers! Fits wonderfully and NO leaks!!!!!!!!!
Great quality and the only diapers I will use !!!!!
I love Pampers and have used the swaddlers on both of my children. I have never had issues with leaks and my oldest son has always been a heavy and frequent goer. I love the indicator and found it useful as a first time mom and as I was teaching my sister.
I love these diapers and wouldn't ever think of switching! Never a leak or a sensitivity issue! Love my pampers!
My baby sleeps 12 hours and I never have to worry about a leak. Baby dry keeps her dry all night!
We have tried other diapers for our newborn son, but none fit nor absorb like pampers swaddlers.
I am a proud customer of Pampers because they provide great quality diapers. Everything that Pampers tells you about their diapers is very true. I recommend that everyone try Pampers diapers.
Love these diapers for newborns through first few months, extra soft and great when you're a new mom and can't tell whether baby has peed - especially good for dads who really can't tell! As baby gets bigger, it's likely these will get a little tight and not as absorbent as the baby dry diapers.
Ive used these before too and love it too. We love!
These diapers are great! The price is perfect for the quality. The wetness indicator is brilliant.
After comparing other diaper brands, name brands and store brands, Pampers has the best fit, low smell emitions after soiling and the softest diapers of all. Pampers is the only diaper I found with soft elastic sides and tabs that did not damage to my baby's skin. I started with swaddlers and really appreciated the wetness indicator. As my baby got older, I switched to Pampers Baby Dry to help save money, but I will always be a Pampers mom.
My baby, who is 3 months old now, has been where Pampers Swaddles since her first moments of life in the hospital. Since the hospital used Pampers Swaddlers, we continued with them once home. Sometimes in the morning they feel a little damp, but we have no issues all day. The baby was having a lot of 'blow outs,' but once we upped her size from 1 to 2 they stopped :)
I believe that pampers products are the best and it will be the only thing we use on our new baby.
I love these diapers..Thanks to the hospital i gave birth at who uses these got me hooked!They even gave me a pack to go home with.I received many different brands of diapers at my baby shower and tried them all..Pampers swaddlers are the best yet! I love how soft they are,the fit and the wetness line indicator.I only buy pampers now.
My baby stays dry longer wetness indicator is very helpful
Love pampers diapers and wipes! Pampers swaddlers fit my daughter better than any other brand and keeps her dry all night! Wonderful products!
I complety love pamper swaddlers they fit my new born like a glove . i never have any problem with leaking it holds every thing in and keeps my baby dry :) ilove how they fit and full feel his needs :)
Swaddlers are by far the best value for my money. They're super absorbent and fit great! They don't leak like other brands. My daughter stays dry and comfortable even after an 8 hour sleep.
I have been stocking up on these due to hearing nothing but wonderful reviews of this product!
I really like these diapers especially because it has a yellow line that turns blue when the baby urinates. It's really hard to tell sometimes if a newborn has urinated or not.
Love love love Pampers . Very dependable diapers . Used with both my kids . My son is still in diapers and I love how he stays dry in pampers . No leaks. Holds up very well overnight . Worth the money you pay for these . We are happy with our pampers . Usually we buy baby dry or cruisers . Love the cute designs on them also . Can't go wrong with pampers .
I have fallen in love with the Pampers brand. Out of all the diapers I have tried, these work the best. I love the Swaddlers and the soft texture. They don't irritate my daughter's skin and they keep her extremely dry, especially on long trips. I wouldn't want to go back to any other brand after using these.
I love everything about the Swaddlers. Not only are they well designed to soak up everything my little one leaves behind but they fit amazing and have not had a single leak in the 2+ years of my child's life. You can just tell the quality is there.
As Mother of 4 I knew to go straight to Pampers when my last child was born. They are soft, form fitting & keep everyone dry. They've gotten even better since I last used them.
We first knew pampers were a contender because they're what hospitals use. And after trying out various brands, my family and I choose pampers swaddlers every time ! We never have leaks, even after sleeping 5-7 hours with no diaper changes.
I have tried many different kinds and brands of diapers and swaddlers are the best fit. I have had the fewest leaks with these. I love that they have big sizes as well. The wetness indicator helps a lot with infants. Love these!
My daughter is 6 weeks old and these have been the best diaper I have used so far. My husband will only use pampers! The only thing is they are a little more pricey than all the other brands.
I love this product and even I always recommend this.
We used these diapers almost exclusively when my daughter was first born. I loved the wetness indicator! It was especially helpful since newborns 'go' so little, but you have to tell their doc how often they've done it.
Pampers swaddlers are wonderful...They keep my baby girl dry.The diaper itself just hugs her little curves protecting her clothes really well,an they are so soft its like a little could hugging her bottom!
I don't know what I would do without the wetness indicator on these! I love these diapers I'm so glad everyone got me these kind they're super cute and they fit good my daughter has chunky thighs but they fit her good
I'm a first time mom and I've switched diapers like crazy. Pampers have been the best ones and are totally worth the price! Great quality and perfect for your little one!
I really like all pampers product! I will only ever use pampers!
The beat diapers on the market. No leaks and dryness to the perfection! I love pamper swaddlers!
The absorption is very good when my baby makes a big number 2. The mesh is kind of grabbing most of the mess and it doesn't leave much muddy number 2 in my baby's butt.
We were using a different brand and had three leaks in one day. We switched to Swaddlers and have not had a leak since. The Swaddlers just fit our little guy better.
I used pampers swaddlers when my son was a baby and now use again for my daughter. When I found out that they were including the larger sizes too, I was too excited. The material has always been soft on my baby's skin and the absorbency is wonderful! Also, the new wetness indicator stripe is a godsend! When in public I can quickly check to see if my baby is wet without having to feel the diaper. Pampers has met the mark again!
I love the pampers swaddlers for my newborn baby girl. The diapers are so soft and do not have a plastic feel like many other brands. It's the closest to soft cloth diapers out there (without the mess!)
These diapers are amazing. They are the only ones that don't leak all over and still give my little guy a lot of movement.
Our son is 3 months old and growing like a weed. He's a squiggly wiggly guy, but has very few leaks or blowouts. He also hasn't had any diaper-caused skin condition, despite having a number of skin ailments. What more can you ask from a diaper?
Absolutely love the indicator line. Love how you don't have to stick your fingers in their diaper to see if they're wet. They are so soft and my daughter has never broken out to them like she's done with huggies
My little guy is only a few weeks old and we are still using all different types of diapers that we were lucky enough to get at our baby shower. So, far the papers swaddlers are the best fit for our little man and they are so easy to tell if he is wet.
We love Pampers Swaddlers!! They're super soft! I'm so glad they started making them in bigger sizes! I love the wetness indicator too. It helps with teaching my 2 yr old that he's wet and its great since we have 3 kids and it reminds you that the diaper needs to be changed! Great fit and great absorbency!! We've never needed any other diaper.
love how absorbent these diapers are and the color changing indicator is great!!!
We have tried so many brands and the Pamper Swaddlers have far and away exceeded the rest! We love them and the fit is the best!
Love the pampers swaddlers. We first tried them on our first daughter. We tried other kinds and nothing compares. So back to the swaddlers we went. We absolutely love pampers products. Will be using them with future children as well.
I researched diapers before I had my son and Pampers Swaddlers was the top pick on every webpage I read. So that is what I registered for. I was surprised to find that Swaddlers is also what my hospital uses in all their nurseries. I use Swaddlers exclusively now, switching between the regular and the sensitive version. I like them so much, I returned all the other brands of diapers to the store and bought Swaddlers instead. I was given many partial packages of diapers from friends and all but the Swaddlers were donated to my church for their nursery. Only Swaddlers touches my baby's tender bottom.
My daughter has been long and skinny since birth. Unfortunately, that means it can be incredibly difficult to find diapers that are long enough to fit her pelvis but will not leak at the leg holes. Swaddlers strike the right balance, even for petite babies.
Pampers hit the nail on the head with these diapers!! They are perfect in every way! Oh how I loved even the smell of them (which sounds silly, but it's true). Trust me, you will love everything about how they just fit your little one so perfectly!!
Pampers are truly lifesavers for me and my daughter.
I love pampers, my daughter loves pampers. clean fresh smell. and the color changing strips are a must. My daughter has used swaddlers for 18 months, and will continue until potty-trained.
When I first had my baby I started out with the pampers swaddlers and I have to say they are the best!! Being a new parent was difficult in itself and having that extra help of knowing when your childs diaper needed changed was a life saver. It also helped to see how wet she really was also. They are also a great fit and were really soft on her new skin so she had less breakouts in my opinion. I have tried the cheaper diapers and they wrre no comparison to these. Thank you soo much for making a diaper that is a reasonable price and still the best for her.
I love the softness of pampers swaddlers. My daughter has extremely sensitive skin but is unable to use the sensitive diaper line. Swaddlers are the only diaper that she can use so I thank you from the bottom of my heart!
We have tried several different brands of diapers and these are our favorite. They fit LO best!
OMG, Pampers has definitely stepped up their game with the Swaddlers diapers! I used to be a Huggies mom until a friend bought me Pampers Swaddlers. They are strong, but soft, and the stretch in the waist is incredible and comfortable for my baby! I now prefer Pampers Swaddlers over ANY BRAND!
I love using these for my baby girl. I like the softness and they are really durable. She sleeps through the night with no leaks when wearing these diapers. I love them!
These were the diapers we were given to use in the hospital. We used them exclusively until our daughter was about 9 months old. Now we use them and cruisers. Love Pampers!
I love this product I have never had issues with leaking my lo is a heavy wetter and they still absorb and she stays dry! Love this product
As the mother of a newborn we go through a lot of diaper changes! We received many different brands of diapers as gifts however the only brand I trust is Pampers! They keep our little one accident free.
I love pampers, they never leak and keep my baby dry! They are a snug fit around his legs though. The absorbency of these is awesome my little guy is never wet or uncomfortable in these. It's the only brand I buy!
I had to switch brands and chose pampers and I will not use anything else
Only ones that will hold my 2 month old surprises Lol
Best diapers for our 3 month old. Wouldn't use anything else!
We have tried other diapers, name-brand and off-brand, but none fit like pampers! The ruffles help prevent leaks. My baby had chubby legs but a little waist. These are perfect for her. Highly recommend!
Love pamper diapers! Used swaddlers on my first born and now my newborn! Pampers will always be my choice of diapers!
I love pampers diapers. The swaddlers are the softest diaper.
I've tried 3 different brands of diapers and Pampers are my favorite. They hold through the night and I love the indicator that the diaper is wet. I love Pampers diapers; I have been using them over 2 years now and will never buy another brand.
I have tried tons of brands with my son and pampers swaddlers are the only diapers he does not soak through. I love the wetness line and how soft they are. Closest to cloth diapers as you can get. 100% satisfaction guaranteed.
We received many different brand diapers at our baby shower. Pampers are the ONLY brand that fit our newborn. Also, as new parents, we found the yellow/blue indicator line to be very helpful. I would highly recommend Pampers products to any parent.
Love these diapers! It is easy to tell when your baby needs to be changed
Sleep without interruption and no diaper rash. These diapers are perfect and because baby is happy, so is Mommy.
I switch diaper brands looking for the best possible value and the best working diaper. I have used them all. overall pampers has been the best working for the money. Sometimes she does feel damp through the diaper after a little while, but I do not have blowouts like other diapers around the legs.
...for both my 2 year old daughter and 6 month old son!
Best diapers. Now I know why the hospitals use them. Never leaks.
My daughter has turned diaper changing into fun time and she loves the feel of a new Swaddlers diaper.
Pampers swaddlers are the best diapers I have ever used. The absorbency and fit of them are great!
I have tried every brand out there and I keep coming back to pampers! They are true to what it says! I don't have to worry about wondering if my child peed when they have the wetness indicator. And they are so soft it won't irritate the skin! Love them!!
These diapers are excellent no mess no fuss! love....love....love!
The hospital started my baby off with pampers and I refuse to switch!!! These diapers keep my baby dry and comfortable.
i have a 5 month old and a 2 year old. I will not buy any other diaper, swaddlers are the best diaper in my opinion. They just fit perfectly. These are the diapers i buy for friends who are expecting and they tell me how much they love them too.
Love these diapers they have been the best for my newborn and I will never switch
They used Swaddlers in the hospital when I had my son and we continue to use them and Baby Dry 2 years later. They do not leak and they seem to be the most comfy diaper for my son to wear.
I prefer pampers swaddlers over every other type of diaper. They fit well and rarely leak. The yellow stripe is helpful with a newborn so I don't need to disturb her to check the diapers wetness. They even smell good!
I love this diaper. Best out there. I've tried others and they don't compare.
Only type of diaper i buy! I have never been disappointed!
Love these great fit. As always pampers has delivered a great product.
Using Pampers Swaddlers with my 2 month old son! Pampers has been my choice of diapers for 6 years starting with my first son!
This diapers are the only ones I'll use. I've only had one leak and that was because she filled her diaper after being constipated so the urin couldn't soak in, but she shouldve had a blow out around the legs with the amount in there and nothing came out. I'll keep using them!
I only use Pampers on my babies (#3 is on the way). Swaddlers are the best because they are so soft! They are even what both hospitals used that I had my first 2 children at. I am glad with my 2nd and 3rd child I can use them up to size 5 as I think they stopped at 2 with my 1st child a few years ago.
I love these diapers. I feel like the keep the nasty off my kids bottom. Other diapers just seemed to sit there but these have some super netting (like a swimsuit) that catch it. My child has never had a rash and hes 18 months and this is the only diaper I will use. He has very sensitive skin as well and these diapers don't make him itchy. Also, before they are used, they smell nice like babies :) My toddler sleeps like a lazy teenager, which is 12+ hours a night, and these seem to be the only diapers that keep his bed dry in the morning still.
After trying multiple brands, nothing protects my baby boy like pampers. They keep him dry and happy! Wouldn't dare go with any other diaper!
when I was a first time mom, all I used was pampers. I mostly used baby dry and swaddlers. To me bothers were great quality diapers. My daughter barely suffered from any diaper rashes or leaks. I can't wait to use these diapers again for my new born who will be here shortly.
I also must include that I'm an infant teacher and the majority of diapers parents use are pampers swaddlers and baby dry. I highly recommend them!!! I never had an issue as a parent nor as an infant teacher.
These are my favorite to buy but they are on the pricey end but totally worth it she sleeps comfortably stays in place love it
With my first child we got lots of different diaper brands at our shower. As a first time mom I had no idea which diapers my child and I would like. It quickly became known that Pampers Swaddlers were the best and definitely the way to go. They are soft and super absorbent. Perfect for newborns and when they start sleeping through the night. The yellow wet strip helps to eliminate diaper waste and only to change when baby is wet. With our second child we would have bought anything different. I plan to continue to use the Swaddlers and buy for future babies.
I have loved the Swaddlers diapers and the wipes. Both highly recommended. I wouldnt use anything else on my little guy.
these diapers are one of the softest diapers on the market. Knowing my baby has a comfortable diaper on means the most to me!
Im using pampers for the past 4 years and I am extremely happy with the quality of all!! I started with pampers swaddlers which was amazing! Then I went straight to cruisers and I always questioned myself if I should buy it rather than luvs ( where it leaks and u gotta change pampers so many times a day) or any other cheaper company's and I made the right choice!! my son who is now 2 years can wear his pamper sometimes all day and it never leaks through!! its soft and comfy too . at night he can sleep through and wake up wet but never leaks. Pays the price!!
Other diapers don't compare! The swaddler is soft, super absorbant and the blue line saves me so much time and fuss!
Pampers Swaddlers have excellent absorbency! I can trust they won't leak, even all night through! With the leading brand, my daughter would wake up in the middle of the night wet from a leaky diaper! I also appreciate the wetness indication strip on the diapers. It helps keep my baby's sensitive skin dry! I'm very satisfied with pampers swaddlers diapers and prefer them over any other brands
i love them and wouldnt buy any other. My daughter was born a premie and they fit her the absolute best out of any.
I have used these diapers the entire 13 months my daughter has been in diapers. I absolutely love them! I definantly recommend them to any new or experienced moms!
These are definitely our family's best diapers. They don't leak and keep bottoms rash-free.
These diapers worked wonders as always. Great fit, never leak, thanks pampers!!
Pampers brand has always been the favorite for both of my children. They are very absorbent and work great overnight. I am completely satisfied with the quality I receive from Pampers diapers and wipes!!
I have a 3 week old boy. We love the pampers swaddler a newborn size! We have tried other newborn diapers and pampers fit the best. We didn't have to roll the front of the diaper down while the umbilical cord was still present because of how well they fit. We haven't had any leaks. :)
I love pampers dry and the wipes! That's all I buy and my son can only use pampers wipes because all other wipes give him an awful rash.
I can not imagine using any diaper other than Pampers Swaddlers. They are the best!
These are by far my favorite diapers. The quality and fit are amazing. As a new parent I often forget to change my babies diaper and I have always found her bottom dry. No diaper rash for us!!! Yay!!!
I love pampers and swaddlers seem to fit my son so perfectly
We have been using Pampers Swaddlers for our newborns since baby #3. They are perfect for small babies, and they fit snugly, too. I like the fresh scent, soft covering, and how they have a wetness indicator in the front and back. I can see if baby is wet just by looking -- no need to wake him up to check! I love that they now make these for bigger kids (size 3) and up.
Pampers swaddlers and sensitive wipes are by far the best on the market! We've been using them since my son was born. He was a premie and we needed to use the most sensitive products on his delicate skin. We've tried other brands like huggies and such but there's no question. We will now only use pampers products for all our little ones.
My son soaked through every diaper other then Pampers swaddlers. We love the color change on the front of the diaper that tells you when he is wet or not and love the fit. These diapers are a great product.
Pampers diapers are the best diaper we have found. We received two other brands of diapers at our baby shower. One of them leaked terribly and when talking with someone else they had the same problem, the other worked fine during the day when the diaper was changed regularly however it did not make it for the full 8 hour night our baby slept. These diapers fit great, don't leak and the wetness indicator is awesome!
We just had our 5th child and have used Pampers for all of our children. We did use Huggies once or twice and were very disappointed. Huggies leaked and we have never had that problem with Pampers. Our daughter had very sensitive skin and the only diaper brand that didn't cause a skin reaction was Pampers. We love our Pampers!
These are Pampers' best diapers yet!!! I love them. They're super absorbent and the size 5 fits my girl wonderfully even as she is highly active on the playground. They are the best to use if your baby gets diaper rash too. They are so absorbent that they help baby's bottom stay more dry than other brands, so the rash heals faster.
This is the only diaper my daughter can use and not scream as soon as she has soiled herself. She isn't completely sitting in her filth, and wiping her takes less time and wipes. As a first time mother I highly enjoy them
My mom use to buy this product for my sis. N i started with my baby.
This is my first child. I received a lot of diapers at my baby shower, different kinds. Over all pampers is my all time favorite, they last all night. I love that it shows you the amount of wetness on the front of the pamper. They don't leak if they are full, very resistant. The fit is perfect! my son is a kicker and no matter how much he kicks they are a perfect fit and hold their position.
Excellent and holds for a long time even travelling..
My daughter (and the rest of the bed and blankets) would be soaking wet in the mornings because the diapers we previously used couldn't keep her as dry as they should've been able to. Pampers Swaddlers are the only diaper that keep my daughter (and everything else) dry all night and in the mornings. I will never use any other brand of diapers again.
Love pampers swaddlers. Great quality, very absorbent. Love the indicator on them. I tried baby dry and don't like them at all. Keeps baby dry through middle of the night. I highly recommend pampers swaddlers!! Happy with this product. Wish the small bags in size 6 would come with more diapers.
I recently had my second child and at my baby shower was given several different diaper brands! The pampers remain my number one diapers for dependability and reliability.
We love the pampers products. Some other diapers are cheaper, but there are no worries with these diapers for a newborn. And I love the yellow line! So much easier to know when your little one needs a new diaper.
My daughter was small when she was born even though she was on time. The swaddlers were a great fit and kept her dry. They even helped in preventing blow outs when bigger poops were made as she grew!.
pampers were the only brand that could keep my little man dry! I always bring a box to every baby shower and will only ever buy pampers for my babies.
We just had baby girl #3 in November and I got the joy of using Pampers once again.... They are my #1 choice by far! I love the way they fit and how they absorb. Great diapers for Newborns.
Pamper swaddlers are the only diapers I buy for my newborns (2 so far, and one on the way). They prevent leaks the best and the colour changing line is great when in doubt of a change or not!
Pampers diapers are very good, the hospital I had my baby in use the brand pampers that's why I use this brand because I was very pleased
I love that you can look at the blue line to see if your child is soiled.
I started using pampers swaddlers for my second child and I will totally recommend the product. It is soft and comfortable.It holds her through the night snd so far, we have not had any leaks.
We started out using these ones when our daughter was born. Great product for any new parent, especially dads, who can't tell when your child is wet & needs to be changed.
I'm a first time mom, and we given multiple brands and of diapers at my baby shower. I have to say though, hands down, these are the best diapers I was given for my baby. These will be the ones that we purchase for the baby. They keep him dry, and don't leak through to his clothes.
My daughter is 2 months old and we got huggies brand and pampers brand diapers at the baby shower. Well, I really did not like the quality of the huggies brand so I traded them all in for pampers. I absolutely love them. They are soft and absorb really well! I also really like the wetness indicator.
I love these diapers! I tried huggies and they don't have anything on Pampers. These are softer, more absorbent, and fit a 1000s times better. Huggies just didn't fit my daughter as good, and I always that they were going to fall off. Huggies diapers fit weird around the legs, and are low in the front and just were difficult for me to put on. I recommend Pampers!! :)
its the only one my daughter can use we love it !!!!!!!
Had our first baby. Didn't know what diapers to buy. We bought 3 different brands of newborn diapers. Pampers are the only ones that our son has not leaked thru yet. Please keep up the good work
My boy uses swaddlers since birth and we love it!!
Well these were what the hospital had given me when my baby was born. They are super cute, fit perfect, have a convenient line that changes color when diaper is ready to be changed and don't blow up when they get soiled. I choose to only use Pampers exclusively on my daughter and any other children I may have in the future. Family oriented product which is extremely dependable and high quality. No other brands compare.
I'm a 1st time mom and I've tested a few other brands of diapers and they all seem to mock Pampers diapers, but they just can't come close.
My son only can us these. I have try other brands but these were the best I like. They are perfect.
These are my absolute favorite. They hold well. I did go up a size to prevent leaks but I have had to do that with all brands. These are by far the best.
I got the privilege of trying the three major brands of diapers recently with my newborn son. In the hospital they gave us Pampers Swaddlers and that was all we knew but once we got home we were given Luvs and they didn't leak but they got so puffy and didn't have good absorbency for my son. Then we tried Huggies. They looked so innovated with the cut out for the umbilical cord and the feel of them but so many times the diapers leaked and we had to change our son's clothes. We decided that Pampers were the best. Love the wetness indicator and the absorbency. Never had any issues and my baby is always so comfortable in them . The only thing is it would be nice to have the cutout for the umbilical cord on newborn diapers.
I love how pampers lets me know when my baby has peed !makes everything more easier . :)))
I absolutely love the pampers and the wipes!! I have a 5 month old, who literally seems to need more wipes and diapers by the week! So we are constantly buying a ton of these products! I have recommended these products to MANY of my relatives, friends, and family members! Needless to say, they are hooked on these products just as much as I am! My son never gets diaper rashes or breakouts from the wipes or pampers. We always get the pampers with the designs on them, and they are so cute! I have been to a ton of baby showers, and I always grab wipes and diapers from this company! I even use the wipes to take off my makeup, it works amazing for makeup removal as well! The wipes are also used to clean off my clients faces, and remove any excess makeup on them! Thank you guys for being so awesome, and having great quality products!!
This will be my 4th baby. I have always used pamper swaddlers for all my children. I have 3 girls, and a boy on the way. I love the feeling of softness, and the wet indicator. These diapers were the only ones that did not make my girls break out in rashes. They are so absorbent. I just love them.
I also use these diapers they are really good fitting on him they are comfortable and no rash
I love these diapers ive used only this brand on all my children
My son was much smaller than we expected and we weren't prepared with any newborn diapers. Our hospital sent us home with Pampers Newborn Swaddlers and we lived them. They our son perfect without being to bulky. We recommend for all newborn babies.
Great diapers especially on a newborn baby! highly recommend
As a new dad I knew nothing about diapers, I knew that we were going to need them and that was it. Good news, these newborn swaddlers are killer. They have been limited to almost no "blow outs" they work like a dream and keep my baby girl smiling. Thanks pampers, you are awesome!
The wetness indicator is extremely helpful for newborns and first time parents. We received Pampers Swaddlers along with other brands as gifts. After just one day of trying 3 other brands, we always went back to Swaddlers. They've always worked best to keep her sensitive skin dry.
Pampers are the only type of diapers my daughter does not soak threw or get a rash from. I would recommend them to anyone!!!
We have used Pampers Swaddlers exclusively with our first baby. She is now sleeping through the night at 2.5 months old and the Pampers Swaddlers keep her comfortable all night. We love these diapers and they do a great job of keeping her rash-free.
Love, love, love these diapers! Haven't had a leak and I love the wetness indicator!
Love pampers swaddlers it's been 6yrs since we have had to buy diapers and love them as we did before
Love these diapers. They fit well and my son never leaks out! The other diapers seem to have an odor that I cant stand, these don't have that funny smell when wet.
The wetness indicator is very helpful, keeps me from disturbing baby when I just want to see if he's wet
I have been using ONLY these diapers for years with all my Grandchildren...others just don't cut it..PERIOD!
I love Pampers Swaddlers! These diapers are the best! I highly recommend them to everyone.
Hello i love these pampers i have 5 kids and these are the best ever and a great value.
I just love swaddlers for my 11 month old son. They are soft, fit well and overall a good quality diaper. He is starting to crawl and they are as absorbent as ever. Thank you pampers for being there with excellent products!
Now that we are past the sentive skin issues we use Swaddlers. They are a perfect fit fo the baby boy!
Pampers is a great diaper for my son. It is the only diaper that has kept my son dry.
I love these diapers, I have tried several different brands and none have the wetness protection like these do. I would not even waste my money on any other brand
I love pampers my son only uses pamper diapers. We have been using swaddlers since my son was born and they don't leak. When my son gets an upset tummy everything stays in the diaper. Love pamper swaddlers I give them a 5 out 5 star rating!
THESE SWADDLERS PROMISE GREATNESS, AND THEY DELIVER! THEY ALWAYS ABSORB TO THE FULLEST! GREAT PRODUCT!
Within weeks of being born my baby had a terrible diaper rash and as soon as I changed his diapers to swaddlers the rash disappeared. We have been using them ever since and his skin has remained healthy. A happy baby is a happy household. Thanks Pampers.
This product has been great with my first born, and now my second child. The qualityof the pampers is very durable on my baby and keeps her dry throughout the night. The new wet strip also helps me know when to change a wet diaper.
Great product, no blowouts at all! Only downside is the price. Wish that pampers weren't so expensive. Otherwise totally love this product.
I have a 4 month old son and the Pamper Swaddlers are our favorite diaper. We have tried huggies and luvs and we had leaking problems with both. Pampers fit our son so well and are super soft.
I first tried both the Pampers swaddlers and a set of Huggies diapers for my newborn and quickly realized the Pampers were much better quality. They fit well even on a baby who kicks a lot so I don't have leaks like the Huggies did, the diaper doesn't get stuck to his bottom when he's in a dirty diaper longer (when he's sleeping at night) like Huggies, and the wetness indicator is wonderful.
The only thing I had a problem with them, and I don't have enough experience to know if this would happen with any diapers anyway, is that my son isn't even 12 lbs and is already outgrowing the size 1 diapers.
I'm a huge fan of those diapers. The only diaper that I want for my two kids. Whenever I try something different, I usually end up with a diaper rash. Worth the extra penny.
I have used swaddlers with all of my 3 children. My last baby was 10 lbs at birth and continued to grow fast, so I love that they now have swaddlers up to size 5.
I have tried using various diapers for all my children, and I always end up using Pampers over and over again!

I love the thinness, yet the great absorbency the diapers offer. I wouldn't use anything else.
I have been using pampers swaddlers since day one with my 2 1/2 year old son, as well as my 9 month old son. We have had maybe one or two diaper leaks in that time and it was right before we switched into the next bigger diaper size! I love how soft and comfortable the materials are and how well they fit both of my boys! The wetness indicator line helped so much in those first days monitoring to make sure baby had plenty of wet diapers! I have gotten other diapers as gifts, but have never used anything but my pampers swaddlers! They are great!
I've used swaddlers for both of my children, it was the only brand they didn't constantly explode or leak out of !
We love pampers swaddles diapers They are the only diapers we use in our household for our baby for the entire first year of her life and the only ones we will use until she is potty trained
Pamper's swaddlers are super absorbent and transfer the wetness away to keep baby dry longer. They are really soft and a perfect fit on both baby's front and back. They are high enough in the back that my baby hasn't had a blow out yet! Love these diapers!
We have used a bunch of different kinds of diapers and these are the only ones that the baby don't leak through! I will only buy these diapers from now on!
I love papmper swaddlwr, great for newbors and little ones crawling all over the place
My baby pees a lot. Never has a spill out her diaper. Very trustworthy company
I love these diapers for my newborns!! Love the softness of them & love that now they go into the bigger sizes with them too!
these diapers kept my newborn snug and dry they kept what needed to stay in IN. totally would buy these again.
My little one is extremely sensitive, even a little wetness and he wakes up. He actually sleeps in the swaddlers which means I get to sleep too!
Highly recommend pampers for all your baby needs great product!!! Love it! Thanks pampers!!!
These diapers were great when our baby was a newborn. The wetness indicator was very helpful as it is sometimes difficult to know if a newborn has really filled the diaper. They fit very well and the stretchy sides ensured there were no leaks. These weren't as good as our baby got older, past 2 months, and started sleeping through the nights, resulting in less frequent changes. The diapers are moist in the morning and make his pjs smell like urine if he isn't changed in the night. Otherwise, they are great.
These diapers offer great fit for my baby and are unparalleled in absorbency. I have tried several brands and keep coming back to the Swaddlers!
I love these diapers. Definitely my top pick of diapers. They fit amazing and they almost never leak.
We tried many brands and pampers swaddlers are the only diaper my baby doesn't leak out of! Will buy them from now on !
My little one has been using them for three months know and we haven't had any issues
I used Pampers brand diapers with both of my kids (boy & girl). The fit is good. Not the best in the market, but decent enough that it kept the diapers from leaking. I found with both of my kids that the height of the diapers were too long - so we usually fold ours under. No biggie! Pampers Swaddlers and Cruisers provide maximum absorbency - so the kids never actually felt wet. It became a problem when it was time to potty train, but other than that, maximum protection. We didn't experience any leaking - even with poopy diapers. I highly recommend Pampers brand diapers!
I love the pampers swaddlers diapers! My little boy smiles everytime I put a new one on him. They don't leak and they fit perfect.
I haven't had my baby yet but most people suggest I get pampers! Let's just say I trust them lol
I love Pampers Swadlers. The color changing wetness indicator is the best. I have tried several different other brands, and their wetness indicator is so hard to read.But not Pampers. They are great.
I used this product on my baby when she was a new born I love it bc it fits and the softness. This product is amazing because it let's your baby be comfterable and shows yu when the baby reach the capacity of its urination. Great prouduct
We started using Pampers Swaddlers diapers when our son was born because the hospital provided us with some and we liked them. We fell in love with them because of the comfort and their ability to last all night with no leaks. Two thumbs up from this mommy of two.
after receiving these pampers from the hospital; I have purchased these and only these as they serve so well.. two thumbs up for these !!!
These diapers are my go-to name brand diaper. It's not hard to tell when a diaper is wet but I do really like the wetness indicator. We've had some leakage problems but I think it was due to the diaper size getting to be too small. When he was a newborn he leaked all over the place in newly changed diapers on a regular basis. Maybe it was just us figuring out how to care for a baby though! The value is ok, I've tried other cheaper diapers that seem to work just as good.
These r great diapers. I really like the softness of the inside and out. I also like the fact that they don't smell bad even after being filled with urine
LOVE. Pampers diapers and wipes are the only brand I will use for my son.
Swaddlers was my first choice of diaper with my baby after reading reviews. Naturally we got a few different brands at our shower. I wish I had taken them all back and swapped them for swaddlers. I could not wait until they were all gone each time I tried one of the other brands. The only other diaper we will use in a pinch is cruisers.
Swaddlers keep my baby dry even overnight, up to 12 hours at a time. They have never caused any rashes or irritation. I have absolutely no complaints. I will continue to use Swaddlers with this child & more than likely the next.
after much research I found these to be very popular! They do not let me or my lil guy down!!
My sister bought me a few packages if Pampers Swaddlers for my baby shower. When my daughter was born, the hospital used them as well. They kept my daughter very dry, her outfits clean, and were soft to the touch. I then got sent a sample of a competeing brand, so thought I'd try them. Oh dear lord, was that a mistake!!!! I had so much laundry from them leaking everytime! Not fun when your already busy taking care of a newborn! I'm sorry :( it won't happen again Pampers, you guys rock!!!
Never had a problem, would recommend to everyone. This product does what it says it will do. Hope you all can enjoy as much as we have.
I love the stripe that let's me know when they are wet and they are super absorbent!
We absolutely recommend! We have never experienced accidents with pampers!
The only diapers that seem,to completely absorb the moisture so it's not sitting on my baby's skin and causing irritation
I love the swaddlers diapers! They fit great on smaller babies and bigger babies too. Pampers swaddlers are so soft it's like a blanket. I also love the fact that they don't stick to the baby's behind. The first few days of a baby's life can be filled with many diaper changes. Buy these diapers you'll love them!
These diapers ( swaddlers) are my favorite! I've always had great luck with them no leaks! I've tried other brands and they just don't hold up! I recommend these to all moms looking for a strong absorbent diaper.
With the birth of our baby, we tried a number of brands of disposable diapers, with many problems and failures. Pampers Swaddlers have been the product we have returned to because the fit and absorbency have meant no accidents and happier baby and parents!
Best diapers around . . hands down the best as a first time mom. Ordinary diapers are rough and opera are so soft as well. No worries about if they are comfortable or not.
I like to use these diapers in between using the sensitive diapers. I switch back and forth throughout the day and week. I cant tell much of a difference between the two which is great. they keep my baby dry and from leaking through. They fit good and they dont leave diaper marks on his leg like some of the diapers I have tried have. He seems comfortable and seems to like them too! I will be sticking to pampers! I use all their products for my baby and I havent been disappointed yet
Tried different brands to figure out which one best work for my baby (as a first time mom I wasn't sure which one is best) came to the conclusion that this brand works best and Would not change the brand! Absorbs A LOT!!!
I haven't had to change diapers for a long time, so when we purchased Pamper's Swaddlers I was amazed at how much diapers of changed since I last used them. I love how soft they are and how well they form around my babies legs. They seal up nice and so far we have only had leaks up the back, which was more due to the position our baby was seated in.
Love the swaddled. Very soft and comfy on baby skin. Love the soft feel. No leaks for us.
I have fried different brands and different pampers diapers and these are the best. I do not mind paying a little more. Hardly leaks or have any complaints to make
We started my son in Pampers Swaddlers the day he left the hospital and we've used them since (he's now 14 months!). On two or three occasions we were given other diapers from friends or family and we always go back to Pampers Swaddlers. In my opinion, they have the best fit and the best absorbency out there!
My twins wear these diapers and we love them. They absorb all night and even after 12 hours they rarely leak. They are bigger than huggies so we can use them longer before a size change.
As a new mom I have lots of things I am looking for. I have to be cost conscious and aware of what is best for my baby. At the hospital they gave us pampers and I immediately liked them. I knew they more expensive than other brands so I was thinking at least I know what they are like. When we came home with baby I tried another brand of diapers that we had already purchased because they were a little cheaper. What a difference! We immediately went and bought more pampers. I really enjoy the wetness indicator and the light baby smell. Would recommend for sure.
Our family has used these diapers for all 3 of our kids. We tried everything before we found these. Now we wouldn't use anything else!!!
Love love love these diapers I have tried to find a cheaper diaper that I love with no luck. I like that these don't get puffy and jelly feeling and no leaks at night.
Definitely a great diaper fit, as my daughter does not leak in swaddlers as she does in others!
Best diapers hands down...just too pricey for this mommy of twins
We started using pampers because of recommendations from friends but after trying them out at the hospital, we have stayed with these diapers. The indicator is great and it feels a lot like cloth diapers. It has kept our little one dry and completely mess free.
Great diaper for my LO! Holds a lot during the night and is very comfortable.
Been using these on my older daughter since she was a tiny thing. They're exceptionally soft, fit well, absorb tons of liquid, and she always seemed very content in them. Really nice item to have.
This product is amazing. The way it fits and adjusts to my baby is incredible. As a first time mom I know that I have a lot to learn but choosing these diapers was a wise choice. I would recommend this brand to anyone. It is truly a great product.
We were fortunate enough to have been gifted with many boxes of diapers when our daughter was born. Because of this we were able to try all different brands. Pampers Swaddlers are the best. The price is the only drawback. Leaks are few and far between and are usually the result of just being over filled. (when your baby is a little big for the smaller diapers at the end of a box) Most of the other brands just didn't fit quite right and leaked almost everytime.
I love pampers! They fit my daughter like so other! Of all diapers I tried pampers don't leak and don't get squishy! I will only buy pampers!
I was introduced by the hospital and that's how I found out about this awesome brand of diaper because this is what the hospital gave you to use for your baby, and this is what I bought to use at home . And it never gave me any problems. I had no problems with any leakage and it was totally comfortable on my baby . She really slept just like the baby she was in her pamper diaper
Great for trapping messes that tend to escape!!!!!
When we first left the hospital with our newborn we took a couple of Pampers Swaddlers sampler packs with us. I was a brand new, first-time mom and didn't feel comfortable buying any other diaper. If it works, you like it and your baby is comfortable, why changes things? I've been a loyal Swaddlers buyer ever since.
My twins started out using Pampers Swaddlers in the NICU. We received other brand diapers at baby showers, but we weren't as happy with the others. We ended up exchanging the others for Pampers! They are great at containing the wetness, they fit nicely around the thighs, have a nice "baby" smell, and are soft on baby's skin. My babies are about to move up to size 3's and we are still happy with Swaddlers. We may pay a little more for Pampers, but it is worth it! (I couldn't really accurately rate "new and improved," because the haven't changed since I've been using them.)
As a mom I want to give the best to my newborn. It's my first baby and I have to learn a lot about things that help parents and make easier our first steps in parenthood. Pampers Swaddlers have been recommended to me by one of our family friend. I tried them, I liked them, I trust them. I am definitively sure that I give the best to my son. He has so many other things to disturb him but never a wet diaper. No doubts, Pampers is one of my trusted friend.
I just love pampers swaddlers, my daughter has never had any accidents with these diapers. Worth every penny!
These diapers are wonderful! I love how soft that they are and the strip that changes colors when they are wet.
Pampers swaddlers are best diapers out there in terms of quality, comfort, fit, and no leaks. But, the price tag is little higher because of the premium nature.
We have used Pampers Swaddlers since days one (baby girl is now 9 months and 5 days old).... They've been great. She has only had two rashes ever. The quality is fantastic. Customer service is always helpful. We will continue to use until she's potty trained :)
we always use to use other brands untill we found swaddlers and we hope that you will be adding up to size 6 it is great no leaks
The hospital where my son was born provided Pampers; as i returned home i had used another brand of diapers i had received as baby shower gift and I was not happy with those so I returned to Pampers Swaddles and continue to use them as I am extremely pleased with this product.
This is our first child and she was born a little early and was only 5 pounds at the time of birth. We found that the newborn swaddlers fit her very nicely. She has no irritation from the diapers and we have not had any leakage yet. We are very pleased with the diapers and plan to continue to use them through all the different stages. We would recommend these diapers to other parents,
My son is 6 weeks old and from day 1 we've used pampers swaddlers. I love the fit, the wetness indicator and the umbilical cord notch for the newborn size. We haven't had any problems with them. We love them and will continue to use them until our son is out of diapers.
These diapers are fantastic! Never have any leaks!
It is great being able to check on the outside with the color changing wetness indicator to see whether or not my "little one" is fussing because she is in need of a diaper change. It sure bets the finger or sniff test.
Thanks for the consistent quality and giving my baby the care you would give your own
I love pampers, its cute looks comfortable on my son and its amazing
I love diapers pampers are my choice. My baby loves them and so do I.
These diapers are great they are soft, and great to see the leak proof! Also I like the line to indicate wet diaper. It's hot and if I'm doing laundry I can easily peek over and see the color change and change her so she doesn't get a rash. Great diaper I love them and perfer them than any other.
My sister in law wanted to use cloth diapers. I recommended the swaddlers to her. They are similar in softness to cloth diapers, but so much easier. Now she is hooked!
These are the best diapers we have tried! No more leaking makes for one happy momma!
With a new born baby boy, pampers is the way to goo no leaks, no blow outs, make for a happy baby and happy mommy..
Our little one just recently started sleeping through the night. When I changed him the next morning I was happy to see that the Pampers Swaddlers diaper absorbed all night long with NO LEAKS. :) It even kept his little bottom dry.
I have a 3 month old and we use pampers swaddlers on her. We have used them since she was born and they work great! I will continue buying them!
I have a 2 month old girl and I was given an assortment of diapers at my baby shower. Pampers are my favorite!!!
I absolutely love these diapers! There is a reason they provide these at the hospital - they're the best! I love the indicator line and I love that they have a nice scent to them!
We love Pampers Swaddlers! We've tried other diapers, since they were given as shower gifts, but Pampers remain our favorite.
I'm a first time mom, and absolutely LOVE the Pampers Swaddlers for my baby girl. My husband claims I "spoil" our daughter when using them. I will choose Pampers every time.
My absolute favorite of all brands! Best fit for sure!
These diapers are my favorite. They cost a little bit more than the baby dry but are worth it. The high back has prevented many blow outs this past year. These are our preferred diapers hands down.
I love pampers Ive been buying them since I had my first son thirteen years ago, now I have a seventh month old son an they are the still the best pampers by far. They don't leak an absorb very well, soft to the touch an is excellent for by busy baby
I have two children under 2 and have used Pampers from the beginning! I absolutely love Swaddlers from day 1! They are so comfortable for my baby and I love the wetness indicator! Never had any leaks but only use them for size 3 or smaller. I buy them for all my family/friends expecting babies!
Great product! Fit my little girl perfectly and great for sensitive skin
Pampers Swaddlers are my favorite diapers for my newborn. I love the wetness indicator line-- makes it so much easier to know if she needs a diaper change. I would recommend these diapers.
We have been using pampers swaddles since my son was born. Tried other brands but nothing matches up!
I really like the product because tell you when you need to change the diaper, so help you to protect the skin of your little one. Not all the brands have this guide line. You only need to see the outside of the diaper to go and change it for a new one. The new parents must notice that Pampers really take care of our little treasures with features like this one. New parents this are the this that we need to buy.
It's a crear product. I would definitely recommend to my other mommy friends
The pampers swaddlers are by far the best pampers on the area for newborns. The strips that turn color when your little one has peed is an added benefit. The quality, leak control, dryness protection are all reasons to purchase this product.
I only use pampers brand wipes and diapers I wouldn't trust my baby's butt with anything else I Love them!! Best on the market
It all started when she was just a wee little thing fresh from the womb. The hospital wrapped her in a swaddler and the rest is history. We tried other diapers but nothing kept our little bundle of joy as dry or as happy as pampers. We will always trust pampers products there is nothing that compares.
I really enjoy using the pampers brand versus the other brands. When the diapers are wet it lets me know when the diapers are wet. It fits my newborn that is 7 pounds perfectly!
These are the best diapers. I have tried every brand and pampers are the only ones i will use now!
I love these diapers!! They are the best diapers I have ever used. They fit great and keep my babies dry.
Great diapers. I choose these diapers for my newborn. They have good absorbency. I have tried other brands, but they didn't even match up to these. Plus, my baby has sensitive skin and she doesn't break out in pampers
My son was tiny only 6 lbs. the swaddlers worked great for us! They absorbed and fit him well, but when he went through his one week weight loss they were a bit loose, once he gained back the weight though they fit perfectly.
I love these diapers. The wetness indicator helps during the night so i know if I have to wake the baby to change her or not. I am so glad that pampers decided to make swaddlers in larger sizes so that my baby can continue to use them as she grows.
I've used it for my first 2 kids and very excited to use again for my 3rd. Love the idea of the of the yellow line turns blue when wet.
I am a first time mother. So like any other new mother out there I wanted to try all the topbname brands. So after experimenting with many of them I kept finding myself coming back to the Pampers brand you see here. They were fabulous and worked great against leakage throughout the night! I would highly recommend these to all first time parents, and also to repeat parents you may not have tried this before! my personal opinion of these, is that they are the best on the market!
After using these as a first time parent. My husband and I love the indicator because he need just when she was wet or dry.
Our baby was born at 2 lbs 6.5 oz, and wore the tiny XS swaddlers at first. He spent 60 days in the NICU, and is now in the Newborn size. We have loved the comfortability and dryness of these diapers. We have tried other diaper brands that we were gifted, and nothing comes close to the comfort and protection of the Pampers Swaddlers. We also figured that if this is what the NICU uses and recommends, then it must be the best.
I would recommend these to any parent. I have used all brand diapers but I found pampers where the best and kids never got a rash while using pampers.
I use the Pampers Swaddlers and they are fantastic! I love the quality of the product. I am a satisfied customer of the Pampers brand, and I love the fact that they change from one color to the other when the baby is wet. (Very unique)
Baby kept dry! He never soaked through his diapers and diapers fit perfectly no more soaked beds and blankets!
I have been very happy using pampers swaddlers brand diapers. They fit my child very well. I never had a problem with leaks of any kind. I would recommend these swaddlers for all parents to try. You will be happy you did.
Since I had my baby at the hospital they recommended to use Pampers swaddlers and I ABSOLUTELY loved it! I tried Huggies on my son but did not like them at all. I preferred Pampers and since he was born that is what ive been using on him! They haven't leaked or anything on him they absorb a lot!
These are by far my favorite diaper! I have tried many brands, but keep coming back to pampers Swaddlers
Swaddlers are the best diapers for small babies and babies who haven't started solids yet. The mesh layer prevents blow-outs pretty well and they fit well.
I recently just brought a case of diapers for my cousin. After one night of sleeping over my house, the next morning I didn't find any leakage in the bed. I have one word to describe these diapers. WONDERFUL!!!
I've always loved Pampers Swaddlers. They keep my baby dry though the night. I love the softness and the fit and the way it hugs his little bottom. They don't get bulky like other diapers and I love the way they smell.
Have used Swaddlers for a while now. They are soft and we rarely have any accident with them, even with the activity of a 2 year old.
Smell like newborn baby! Really soft. These are what my hospital gave me when my baby was born.
I love these diapers, the absorbency, the fit, and the wings on the sides make for an even more secure diaper. From when my son was a newborn into being almost 6 months pampers swaddlers have been perfect for us I don't see myself using anything else.
Only diapers that work for my 6 month old. Other diapers won't fit her correctly! She is skinny with chunky legs.
We love using swaddlers w our daughter. We received other brands as gifts and have leaked every time! Pampers swaddlers is the only diaper that has not leaked on us.
I love pampers Products, Ive tried several others and Pampers have been my favorite.The absorbency
is really good, my daughter sleeps through the night in the swaddlers.
I highly recommend Pampers Swaddlers diapers. I have tried many other brands, some were leading competitors and others store brands but Pampers is the best by far. I bought the others thinking I'd save money but ended up using twice the amount which at the end cost me more time and money. Pampers swaddlers are thinner than most diapers out there so they aren't as bulky when your dressing your baby in their cute outfits. They are super absorbent and have a useful blue line that lets you know if your baby is wet. This I find most useful at night when my baby wakes up. I don't have to undo the diaper to check which means he doesn't wake up more and I can quickly get him back to sleep. I highly recommend Pampers Swaddlers diapers.
As a third time mom, I was sure on what I wanted. BUT I had heard many accounts of friends who used other brands and bargain brands. My husband was a first time dad and definitely a "deal hunter". I insisted we would only use pampers, but after receiving about 10 boxes of the other brand that we could not return, he refused to buy anymore until we used those. Until he changed his first diaper using the other brand ! The soft quality and protection of pampers is unmatched and the only brand I trust for my baby!
Best diaper I've been able to find. Still doesn't hold wetness away from my daughter skin as well as I had hoped but by far better than others I've tried including huggies. Wouldn't use a different one
Forget the other brands. You can't give them to me for free. My baby has to have Pampers!
These were the only diaper I would buy my son until he got more mobile. Now I buy him the cruizers.
these are the best diapers. we tried huggies and my daughter wet right threw them. i love love the wetness indicator it is a life saver at night for those late night changes.
i love pamper diapers they hug my baby girls little legs it really helps things to not leak out!
it has the yellow strip when baby is wet or dirty it turns blue which is great cause sometimes its hard to tell if your baby is wet, my daughter sleeps through the night with no problem the absorbency on these diapers is amazing not to mention not one diaper rash ever from using these diapers no matter how wet they get no leakage absolutely true genius i don't buy anything else except baby dry once in awhile if my local store is out but Pampers Swaddlers are my favorite and the best Diaper a mother could wish for and baby they are my number 1 diapers i highly recommend trying them
We started using these and Huggies Snugglers when our baby was born early at just over 4 lbs. There were no preemie diapers in any other brand so we stocked up on these after we discovered the Huggies don't fit preemies anywhere near as well. These held the runny #2's of a breastfed baby whereas the fit of the Huggies allowed leakage in legs and up the back. It is also so soft that it almost feels like a cloth diaper but conveniently sticks and adjusts easily. Also, I love the color changing line that makes it easy to check for wetness without having to wake the baby.
Loved the way the Pampers Swaddlers fit my daughter. The hospital where my daughter was born at put these types of pampers on her from birth. Ever since then I have been purchasing these for my daughter as well
The hospitals use Pampers. We never change the brand after going home. My baby like it.
I have tried other brands here and there but there is nothing like a pampers diaper. Especially, the swaddlers to indicate the wet n dry line. I have tried the baby dry which not seem to hold through the night like the swaddlers do.
I had all sorts of diaper brands have to me at my baby shower, and out of all of them pampers was no doubt the best. The fit my daughter perfectly and keep her from leaking out. She is five months old, and we still only use pampers..
I am a mother of four, yes, four children with my last on the way. I will not lie I have always been partial to Huggies brand diapers. It was all I ever used with my first three children. However, my husband decided one day to bring home Pampers swaddlers. Well our little Layla loves them. They are just so soft. I like them because they hold very well, and daddy likes them for both reasons as well as they have more per pack comparably. Needless to say we're glad we made the change. THANK YOU PAMPERS!!!
These are hands down the BEST diapers for newborns through crawlers, and overnight - we switched to Pampers Cruisers once they were really "cruising" around, but I continued with the swaddlers overnight. I would recommend nothing else but Pampers Swaddlers and Cruisers!
Best diapers i have used. Wouldn't change pampers for anything. Its wet indicator is the best. It always keep my baby dry.
I have twins and I love these diapers. Keeps them dry and diaper rash is very rare! They fit nice too!
This has been the best product choice I've ever made. Pamper swaddlers are best night time diaper and they do not leak! I love the wet detector on the swaddlers. I will NEVER use another brand for my baby. They are sensitive to my baby's behind and they lock in smells.
My husband and I have tried many different brands and types of diapers yet this is our favorite by far. Our kids don't break out and they are soft and comfortable. I m pleased with the quality of this product.
Pampers Swaddlers work AMAZING!!!!
They absorb GREAT!! I love the cute design and the WETNESS INDICATER so convenient.
Pampers swaddlers are the perfect fit for my daughter! I love the yellow line that turns blue when wet. Pampers are the only diapers that my sensitive butt baby can use with out getting diaper rash!
Must have diapers. Great for infants up to young toddlers.
Just the right fit for my little one. Snug around the legs & never have blowouts or leaks.
I have been using Pampers Swaddlers since my kids were first born, my eldest daughter is getting ready to be switched to training pants and I'll be making sure I use Pampers for her potty training needs. I am grateful that the hospital I had both my children in used Pampers Swaddlers, it made the choice so much easier to make. My girls never wake up with goo on their little bottoms, unlike some brands I tried in the past when baby sitting. I would recommend Pampers Swaddlers to any new mom, or mom having another child
Pampers swaddlers are the perfect diapers for my newborn. We tried H* as well but they leaked all the time. I love the way the swaddlers are simple and fit my son perfectly. They go on easy and I have no trouble with leaking at all. I'm very satisfied with this product and highly recommend for first time moms like myself. We will only be choosing pampers products in the future because quality is important! :)
My little one has a super sensitive bottom and we struggled with other diaper brands but not Pampers! We love how absorbent the swaddlers are and how well they wick away any sort of mess. The only thing I would ask for is better adjustable leg area because myself and another mom agreed that we have more of a problem fitting diapers to legs than bellies.
I would recommend this product for newborn and size 1.
This particular line works best for me in taking out the guess work in being able to tell when baby is wet or soiled. Its great to know it has an excellent absorbency feature and most of all it keeps the moisture away to keep my baby's bottom dry.
Great quality. Used these for our newborn - no complaints!
My son is now 6 months old, iv been using swadlers since he was born, i am very happy with them! it has a wetness indicator so i know when to change, they are dry, keeps wetness away from my babys skin! Love them and would definitely recomend them especially if you are a new mom.
I had done tons of research on which diapers I wanted to use on our baby before he was born. I read and researched reviews as well as asked friends what they used. The consensus was pampers swaddlers. This is what we've been using since day one. Our hospital also uses these so it was easy to get used to these diapers. I like everything about this diaper. From the fit to the absorption to how it keeps the baby's "mess" away from his body as much as a diaper can. I think the outer wings on the leg opening adds another layer of protection from spillage. The closure tabs are convenient and easy to open and close to adjust multiple times. Our baby outgrew the Newborn size after two weeks and we've been on size1 for a month. Pampers swaddlers is a diaper that will grow along with our baby as he moves into each new size.
Pampers diapers are the only diapers that I have found that don't leak.
I loved the Pampers Swaddlers, since the day my baby was born, the hospital provied me with a pack of NB swaddlers and i loved them. I also hav to say that i love the smell of the diapers (strange) but yes i do.
These were by far my favorite diapers from all the brands I had to test out! Love the wetness indicator and the fasteners stay put very well.
highly recommended for any new baby! Great product!!
I've always used pampers. I've tried other brands and none of them work as good. I will never use anything other then pampers.
First time mom :) I have been using pampers swaddlers with my little one, from day one. Since this was my first child, I simply went with the name that I was most familiar with, and I figured I would have to try a few different products out before I found the right one for us. I was wrong, we had hit the nail on the head the first go around. I received a box of huggies as a gift and when it was time to use them, I found them to be less awesome, so I stuck with the swaddlers. Both the baby and I are happy with this choice :)
Only non cloth diaper I will use on my daughter. I just wish the back was moe elasticy and fitted to help protect more from blow outs.
I recently had to try another brand because I had ran out of Pampers and a friend let me borrow another brand that is well known. It did not compare what so ever to the quality and gentle feel of Pampers. The fit of these other diapers were off and they seemed so rough for my babies' skin. My family loves this brand so much more and instead of saying pass me a diaper we say pass me the pamper.
these were a life saver early on when you're constantly changing your baby! great absorbency and seemed comfy.
We have tried all of the popular diaper brands and kinds, but nothing worked better than Swaddlers. Very gentle to the skin, and blue wetness indicator is a huge convenience.
First time parent and thrilled with Pampers. Reassuring that all of the other parents at daycare seem to use Pampers too!
wish the sizes went up to 7! they are soft material and love that there isn't so much coloring. great fit too!
My daughter started using this brand at birth. Tried other brands and they either didn't hold much at all or they cause her to break out. These are definitely worth it.
All my three kids have used and are using pampres. Best quality and price.
We have been using these since day 1 at the hospital and other than using baby dry at night these are all we use for the twins. We love the line when they are wet and how soft and comfortable they feel. I never worry if they fit right or if we are going to have an accident!
And I had to buy some more because the indicator it's awesome! You don't have to touch the diaper to make sure it's full anymore! Love this!
These diapers are great for my twin boys they have used the preemie and now newborn pampers Swaddlers and they have been absolutely amazing!!!
I have tried other brands and pampers are the best all around! Fit, absorbency and value are the reasons why I use only pampers swaddlers!
Start using Pampers Size N since in Hospital. Try the Huggies but Pampers is The only one my little guy takes. Love it.
Just wanted to say that I love all the products. Especially the swaddlers. They keep the babies dry and they are super soft and absorb alot. I definitely recommend this product. I have been buying these diapers for two of my sisters that are expecting. They are somewhat expensive bit I try to find deals. Keep up the good work Pampers!!
My daughter needed to be in the NICU the first week of her life. They sent us home with several pampers that she had leftover and I was pleasantly pleased with the quality. The only negative was their smell when they were dry reminded me of the stressful week in the NICU, but that's not the fault of Pampers. :) I'm pretty picky when it comes to diapers as I have THREE in diapers, and Pampers is on my short-list of diapers i'll purchase.
We use Pampers Swaddlers for a 2month old baby and have had no problems with leaking. i highly reccommend Pampers Swaddlers it fits snug around their legs, the absorbency is great, the wetness indicator is very useful so you can check without disturbing baby!
The swaddler pampers are a must have for my 1 month old baby! I love the wetness indicator its a plus for me and they absorb the wetness really good!!
After using dozens of different brands it seemed my son would immediately get a huge diaper rash. We would change him very often so we knew this wasn't the issue. We tried using pampers and he's never had a rash. We tried using a few leftover diapers of the other brands, sure enough, he'd immediately get a rash
These are great diapers, I love that they have the wetness indicator.
I'm a new mom, so I've tried a couple of different types of diapers to see which one is the best, and worth the money, and out of the 4 or 5 kinds that Ive tried, the Pampers Swaddlers definitely the best of them!
These diapers are much better than the main competitor. I won't use any other diapers if I have a choice. The leaking of the diapers is very minimal. I haven't tried other pampers but the swaddlers are great.
I love pampers they have cute characters on them and they fit perfectly
I absolutely loved Pampers Swaddlers. They used these in the hospital when I had my three kids. I loved them so much that I bought them for home.
We have twins and thus go through a large quanity of diapers on a daily basis. In the interest of cost savings, we tried several other brands of diapers. Some were more affordable, but none provided the protection from leaks and comfort that Papmers brings to the table. Based on the quality and level of protection, we have noticed that most hospitals in our area stock and provide Pamers for newborns.
These diapers are by far my favorite. They exceed all the qualifications that I look for in a diaper, perfect fit, best absorbing. I give them a A+++
I recently bought another popular brand (reluctantly) because I really didn't want to drive across town, and the store I went to didn't carry Pampers. Boy did that make me miss pampers terribly! The absorbency is what I love. My baby wakes up super dry every morning. The leak guard is great! She doesn't leak all over the sheets like with the other brands.
We love Pampers! We love how soft they are and the wetness indicator.
Pampers Swaddlers Newborn worked great for our precious new daughter. We never once had a problem with leaking or fit!
This is an excellent product that I would recommend to anyone looking for quality and great value.
As a relatively new mom, I spent the first few months of my daughter's life trying different diapers to see how they performed. What I found was that these will be my go-to diaper. I am so glad that they have increased their size range and that we do not have to switch any time soon. These diapers hold a ton of urine without feeling wet to the touch. My daughter used to sleep through the night in them, and up until about 5 months old, they held more than enough to keep her perfectly dry. To top that off, we have never had a diaper rash while using these. We love them and will not be experimenting with other diapers any more!
These diapers have the best fit and protection. Everything stays where it should and baby sleeps through the night, and clothes are not wet in the morning.
Absolutely love pampers swaddlers. I started off using Huggies for some reason and quickly switched over to Pampers as we became more 'seasoned' parents. Never have we ever had a leak, the quality is great and they feel so smooth and soft compared to all the other brands. We won't turn back!
I am so happy with pampers. I have twins and have tried other diapers . This is the best!
I started using pampers swaddlers diapers with my son two years ago. When we had our second son two months ago, we knew we were going to use them again. What I really love about them is the absorbency and the wet indicator. I felt, as a first time mom, the wet indicator strip was so helpful!
I was given swaddleds in the hospital. They are wonderful. They keep my baby dry and have prevented leaking. They are super soft and comfy. I'd recommend them to anyone.
My child is almost 3months I have used other diapers but this one is the best especially with its absorbent
I think these are great diapers. No leaks and are super soft.
Best Diapers around! I have never had a problem of leaking out of these! A++ Only diapers my daughter wears! :)
We used Pampers Swaddlers on our first baby, and now on our second one. The Swaddlers are just super! With the wetness indicator, we can easily tell if the diaper needs a replacement. And the cotton dryness makes the babies really comfortable. We highly recommend Pampers Swaddlers!!
I love these diapers! The wetness indicator is perfect for a newborn. Makes keeping them dry very easy.
I have use this brand of diapers for the last three months and I absolutely love them I won't go with any other brand of diapers Pampers rocks
I love these diapers. Yes, I know how weird that sounds, but bear with me. When my baby was brand new the wetness indicator was very helpful- we could tell with a glance whether or not he needed to be changed. We've never had a problem with wet leaks and we've had very few diaper explosions. In fact, several times I opened his diaper to change him only to marvel how all of that, um, mess stayed in there. We started buying diapers before the baby was born and, not knowing what kind to buy, asked other moms. Pampers were the only brand that no one had any complaints about. They aren't the cheapest but they're worth the money. Also, our hospital used them and that's enough of an endorsement for me.
Great Quality and product!! I absolutely love it!!
I've tried a lot of different brands of diapers on my two sons but pampers were the only ones that did not leak and fit them really well! Looking forward to using them again for baby #3!
Upon opening the bag I viewed the product it has not changed much since my son was born. The diapers smell fresh and not as other brands where they start to smell like the packaging the design is simple yet perfect and the packaging is easy to open. I highly recommend pampers swaddlers for newborns!
Used these diapers in the hospital, and then had a different kind at home. I went out and purchased more of these because they were great, and very worth the value.
the diapers are awesome. they even last and survive the explosive poops. will always keep buying them
Swaddlers are so soft and absorbant! My little man can sleep all night in his Pampers!
We started using Pampers as it was used in the hospital but once we came home we tried other brands and we decided to switch to pampers again. It fits well, soft with great absorbency. No episodes of leakage. We are really happy with this product
These Go Hours without A leak. Roadtrip Approved and leakage blocked.
These diapers are so soft! Umbilical cord notch and wetness indicator are helpful. No rashes or irritation.
These are the only diapers I have found that do not give my little chubby monkey rashes by where the leg holes are because of being to rough on his skin. He has very very sensitive skin and will use nothing but this diapers. They are great because he can sleep all night and no leaks to!
I would always buy these diapers if they were a little cheaper in cost
The wetness indicator is the best part of this diaper, especially when they are newborn and it's hard to tell if baby is wet or dry! Soft, good quality.
Love pampers won't us anything besides pampers thanks guys I feel safe an my daughter loves them ;)
Pampers Swaddlers are super awesome diapers! I love using them at night because they are super soft and hold a lot! They also have a indicator down the middle to let you know they have gone to the bathroom!
I recommend them for smaller babies, dislike on one year old feel they get wet fast.
Pampers is hand down the best out there! I would never try anything else
I was recommended to buy this product by my friends who was praising the quality of this diapers. And she was right! These are awesome!
my daughter sleeps 12 hours at night now and i have not had any problems with these leaking except just about when its time to change to the next size. If she starts to leak i know its time to go up a size and then the leaking stops. They are great so you always know when she needs to be changed.
I am very please with the quality of Pampers Swaddlers. They are soft, comfy, and keep our baby dry. Additionally, they lock out the odors from the diapers. Awesome product and definitely recommend! Worth the extra cost!
As a first time mom people always tell you what type of diapers you should get. Well I went with my gut and was happy once baby got here. I'm a pampers mom now.
I absolutely love pampers. I use the regular ones and the nighttime ones. I have never had a problem my son has never had a rash. I would recommend to anyone with babies!
The pampers are great quality and reasonably priced.
Makes things a little easier on a sleepy parent. I will take all the help I can get!
Love how this fit my son! We have had no leaks or trouble with these diapers!
I'm a new mom, I got quite a few different kinds of diapers and out of then I really loved the pampers. They fit great and don't leak and my favorite is the wetness indicator.
THIS IS ONE OF THE BEST PAMPERS I EVER CAME ACROSS FOR MY TWINS. THEY ARE DRY IT DOESNT LEAK AND ITS VERY SOFT. I WILL HIGHLY RECOMMEND THESE PAMPERS BECAUSE IT WORKS REALLY WELL.
THANKS PAMPERS KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK.
Best diapers, great fit, keeps baby dry. I will continue to buy this product
Love these diapers! I buy them every time for my daughter!
I have been using Pampers diapers since 2006 and have never used anything else on my two girls, now 8 and 2 years of age.
I love Pampers Swaddlers for many reasons but most specifically for the dryness indicator line located on the front of the diaper. I love that I can check the line to see if my baby's diaper is wet! Also the more solid the line, the more wet the diaper. This way I know when to change him! I love this product!
We have used Swaddlers from day one. Twice we were forced to buy a different diaper because the store did not have his size and were not impressed. I love the wetness indicator and it is the main reason we don't use the Baby Dry. My son is almost a year old and has never had diaper rash! We did have a few leaks but when we went up a size, problem solved! Thank you Pampers for such a great product!!!
Pampers is my diaper brand of choice. My son is 2 1/2 and I refuse to put any other brand on him! Love Love love them!
These diaper are a great fit on my daughter. I would recommend these diapers to a friend
My son is only 4 months old. In the beginning we were using huggies, but they werent covering him correctly and i just wasnt a fan. So we switched to pampers swaddlers. I love them! They fit him perfectly and hes never had a blow out, or leak. I also love how they have the little yellow strip down the front that turns blue when hes wet. I will and have definitely recommended pampera to every mom or mom to be i know.
Love everything about Pampers! They fit perfectly and I love the wetness indicator on them!
great product!! would recommend to anyone to us on their child
I love pampers diapers they really absorb really good & my baby looks so comfortable in them :)
These were the first diapers my son ever had on. I love the blue line especially when they are so little. I tried using Huggies that I was given from my shower once we got home from the hospital, but they never fit my sons little legs right and leaked. I only buy him Pampers, nothing else.
love the fit of the pamper does not bulk up onesie
They are the #1 in hospitals for good reason. We have had much more success with Pampers than with other cheaper brands. Don't pinch pennies if you want to avoid frequent blowouts.
Pampers swaddled are the only diapers I buy for my daughter. They're a great fit and softer than some brands. I also find that it absorbs well and it's great for her to move around in.
Swaddlers are the best newborn diaper! I love the strip that lets you know when baby is wet! It's great for Grandmas too! Awesome for 1st time parents no guessing!
I love your diapers! My little man never wet's through them! I love the way they hug to the curves to his baby body! Thank you for creating a awesome diaper!
I love the wide side tabs on Pampers, because of that I like the fit better than Huggies.
I love pampers the are the only diaper that dosent seem to cause my babies bottoms to break out. good quality and gets the job done..
The Swaddlers are the best! I absolutely love the indicator on them. My son sleeps so soundly in them, you can just tell he is comfortable as he can be. Having a happy dry baby and earning points, what more could you love?
We absolutely love swaddlers they are the only diapers that don't give our LO diaper rash, they work overnight and are worth every penny!!
I love these and used them with my 3 kids straight from the hospital to almost 1 year
I have been using pampers since my baby was born. We've never had any leakage and the diapers stay dry. I love how affective it is!!!
I love pampers swaddlers! They fit my son great and they never leak!
I first tried these diapers at the hospital and I am happy since they worked nicely and we decided then to purchase them for our newborn. The color indicator is great and very helpful. We are very pleased and will most likely continue with this brand!
After trying many brands of diapers we only buy the swaddlers they are the only diapers that did not leak ever! Dont waste time and money trying other diapers on your new little ones. Our daughter is 6 months and this is all we have used.
These are my favorite diapers for my little one! The mesh holds the poo away from their body and they are so soft and absorbent. I love it that they come in larger sizes now!
Of all the newborn diapers brands I received at my baby shower I like pampers the best. They fit my baby girl just right and we never have any leaks. Thanks pampers!
I used swadlers on all 3 of my boys for the first few months . Until they were able to fit the cruisers, and just like the cruisers not one leak, perfect fit. and they did not leave beads on my babys skin, like so other diapers do
As a new mother I wasn't sure what diapers to use but fortunately I was gifted many cases of Pampers Swaddlers. After using them I understand why it was a popular gift. I love the fit, feel & protection of the diaper. It was perfect for my baby. I never dealt with leakage or skin irritation & the Color-changing indicator was great, like many parents I didn't have to squish her diaper or stick my finger in her diaper to see if it was wet. I genuinely LOVE Pampers Diapers & will continue to use & gift them. Thank you for making such awesome diapers!
I love the swaddler diapers. They are the softest diapers I have ever bought. They absorb great! My daughter never has a leak with these diapers!
I used the Pampers Swaddlers the most when my baby girl was a newborn 0-9 months. I love the wetness line indicator. The mesh lining really helped to absorb the messy runny poo. We never had a diaper blowout. I use the Pampers Cruisers mainly now that my baby girl is walking and running around.
I have fallen in love with pampers started with the swaddled and keep moving forward! We have received other diapers as gifts...I'm not impressed with them.
Our daughter wore Swaddlers during her 80 day stay in the NICU, and I was so impressed with the quality, the absorbancy and the softness of them, that we bought them regularly when we brought her home. I recommend Swaddlers to all parents who want their child to stay comfortable and dry,...
My husband insisted on Another leading brand when we brought our daughter home. After countless leaks, I switched to pampers. No leaks, and my baby doesn't smell like pepe all the time, like she did with the other leading brand. Pampers powder scent is fresh even when the diaper is soiled.
I knew that I wanted to use Pampers even before I had my first baby. I had heard from so many moms (& even dads!) that they were the most absorbent and easiest to use. I was convinced even more when I found out that my hospital used Pampers and loved it when they sent us home with plenty of newborn sized ones! I can say from experience now, that these are the best diapers to use. I'm sure my daughter would agree!
We have tried huggies, babies r us, and luvs and they cannot compare. We had leaks with the others and always go back to our tried and true swaddlers. Highly recommended!
Loved these when my daughter was new born. I especially loved the color changing line.
I work in day care and have seen lots of diapers. Pampers is the only one that truly holds and fits well.
Great product for an awesome price. My five months old boy is in size two now and it fits so well. I don't have to worry checking if the diaper is wet because the blue indicator alerts me whenever its wet. this is so obvious. I will continue to purchase this product until my son grows out of diapers.
I absolutely love the swaddlers for my newborn! He is now in size one and they still are perfect for him. I will continue to purchase pampers diapers.
Holds liquid really well without getting absolutely huge or soaking through like Huggies. Fit isn't as good as Huggies but he NEVER peeps through them
Pampers is a great product ..'I strongly recommend it to an new mother .i'have been using it for my new born n I have zero complaints .
I love Pampers ever since my son was in the NICU. They used them there and we continued to use them when he got home! I've tried every brand of diaper out there and these are the best!!
This brand has been my number one choose since my daughter was an infant. Never had an issue, and was upset they didn't run up to size 6 diapers. My all time favorite brand and definitely one I would recommend to others.
I love pampers diapers, specially pampers swaddlers they keep my baby skin dry and i like the wet indicator.
i used this product with my two kids and i will not change it, it is all what you need for a peaceful night, thanks pampers.
I love pampers swaddlers. . . they are the best . .
After sampling and trying many other brands, Pampers swaddlers has by far been the most absorbent and effective!
I purchased size 1, 2, 3 for my baby, and I love it, it's the best
Best diapers, great absorbency, doesn't give diaper rash like other brands.
I am a new mom. I love pampers. The diapers is well made. It keeps your infant dry and it never leaks. They also have a heavenly fresh smell. Pampers are the best diapers for infants.
I love the way that the Pamper Swaddlers fit around my daughters bottom. She is always happy!
I have used Pampers Swaddlers with all 3 of my children, and I have never thought of switching brands. I have never had a problem with leaking, falling apart or causing a rash on my babies skin. Most importantly, my children seem like they are comfortable and that is what sells the product for me.
I am reviewing this product because I used it on my premature babies and it made my life easier less stress and because i had a wonderful experience, I have been able to use all the other stages diapers this company has , I have been loving this diapers...we are currently using the cruisers and I can say I have no regrets...and thank you for making the best product for our little ones...
Ps. Review done out of my own will,and these were my experiences...l

1. The material used stretches at the top where the Velcro is, the velcro is firm and doesn't snap off,
2.Getting diapers that can fit premature baby(babies),made us feel confident on this product,our nights were wonderful,since the baby stayed dried,the urine was absorbed leaving the baby dry,so we never had a baby crying because of wet diaper.
3.The diaper is soft to the touch,and fits well on the thighs,so we never had any messy incidents,everything stayed where it should.
4 The material used is of good quality and dirty particles doesn't get stuck on the diaper
5.you get the value of your dollars on this diapers
6.No diaper rashes,while using swaddlers diapers

I will definitely recommend this to any new mum, comfy diaper,happy baby , happy mum and a calm house.
I was first introduced to pampers swaddlers while working in the NICU, now I use them on my own baby and would never use anything else!
The hospital used this brand for our little one. Much better fit than the Huggies we had bought. We have only bought these since and they work great!
So, when my DD was born, she was in NICU and they used pampers swaddlers Preemie sized on her. When she came home we continued to use them, but one day the store was out of the Pampers Preemie Swaddlers. So, I bought a pack of Huggies as they were the only other brand that carried Preemie size diapers. They were HORRIBLE!!! I can't stress how bad they were. We have also tried LUVS newborns, and well, they're decent. However, Pampers is my #1 choice for diapers hands down. She hasn't leaked in them, they fit her well for the most part (they're a little tight around her legs) and I love the wetness indicator!
I was so happy to see they came out with the swaddlers in a size 5! They have always been my favorite and now we get to use
Them even longer!
The only brand I'll use. Baby stays dry throughout the night with no leaks. Love the wetness indicator!
These diapers are great to use, especially when it comes to absorbency. The only problem we had was the fit. Our lil one was just a little over 6 pounds and the diapers are just a little to big to fit. Other than that, I would recommend these diapers to everyone else.
I love pamper products and have used them ever since leaving the hospital....I highly recommend them to anyone!!!!
I love the pampers swaddlers! They are great quality and very reliable!!
We were given many different kinds of diapers at our baby shower. Our little guy is 5 months old and we have been using Pampers exclusively for a couple of months now. No other brand has been as consistent at keeping him dry and keeping the wetness in. The only reason we rated "absorbency" as good instead of excellent is because he has recently started sleeping on his stomach at night so sometimes we experience leaks up his stomach. We are going to look into liners or overnight diapers but definitely want to stick with Pampers.
We use the Pampers Swaddlers size newborn with my son. The Swaddlers were originally what our hospital room was stocked with and after seeing how well these diapers kept the runny messes in, we were hooked. My only complaint would be that, despite the diaper having an umbilical cord notch precut, we still have to fold the front of the diaper to get the right fit around the cord.
very good diaper and holds up very well. never had a problem with them!
My little one got big fast. I loved the swaddlers and was sad when he got too big for them!
When I had my first son in '06, the hospital gave me a package of Pamper's Swaddlers to bring home. I have relied on Pampers ever since!

Now with my second son (2 this October), I have stuck with Pampers. I was so excited that they had the Swaddlers variety in sizes 4-5 now!

As with all children, my two boys are built totally different. My older son has butt cheeks while my younger one does not. The Swaddlers fit both of them perfectly (something I was surprised by). I have never had an issue with leaks and they boys have always been comfortable wearing them. Even in the heat, they diapers did not chaff their legs.

Even though I consider them a "premium brand", the price is always affordable even on my tight budget!

I highly recommend Pampers, especially the Swaddler variety, to any mother with a baby!
We've tried several brands with our newborn but we learned very quickly that Pampers is the only way to go! They fit my little one perfect and we don't have any leaks.
I love Pampers Swaddlers. They are so soft, smell great and absorb so well. They shape very well to a baby's body.
We are on baby number 2 and love love pampers diapers. They are so soft and cuddly on my sweet baby girl skin that anytime we have been in a position where we have used another brand we always are sorry.
Pampers swaddlers are great for absorbency. Love the color indicator.
I absolutely love the line indicator that let's me know my baby needs a diaper change. I love the little sesame Street pictures that are on the diapers! !! Overall great product.
Very few leaks, very soft, moves well with my toddler, no diaper rash
I love the product.. I always buy them for my new born baby.
Diapers keep my child feeling dry and fresh both day and night- never had issues with leaking through the night! A+ rating from this mom!
I loved pampers swaddlers when my daughter was first born. I loved the indicator that would let you know when your baby is wet. I never had any accidents or leaks with these diapers, and highly recommend pampers!
I loved these diapers for my newborn. The wetness indicator is awesome. These diapers are a little pricey but worth it in the long run.
Ever since my daughter was a newborn (she is now 13 months) I have loved these diapers!
This is my first child and at first it was difficult to choose which brand of diapers to use but when I was givin samples from the hospital I was convinced!! :) PAMPERS SWADDLERS was definitely the way to go, Its helpful to have a wetness indicator... My baby is now 3 months and I wouldn't have it any other way! Sticking to PAMPERS
was given by my friend and it works great! few blowouts as long as the sides are correctly placed. I change the diapers every 2 hrs during the day as recommended. indicator is pretty handy for new mother starting out.
I have two daughters. My oldest is 12 years old, and my youngest is 7 months old. I have only used Pampers diapers on both of my daughters. I have tried using other budget brands in the past and my mindset is that you get what you pay for. The cheaper diapers are definitely not even close to as good as Pampers. You definitely get what you pay for. Any other brand of diapers, I have noticed, that you will have to end up using twice as many, so you're not really saving any money and you're actually working much harder and your baby is not very comfortable.long story short, Pampers diapers are the absolute best and I will continue to use them on my daughter until she grows out of diapers!
I love the pampers swaddlers. They fit great to my little boy. I have never had him soak through. I would for sure recommend these diapers to a new momma or any momma if they asked. I used huggies with my first boy and they were not as good as the pampers swaddlers. :D
Can't live without you guys pampers at all!!! Ty :)
Can't live without you guys pampers at all!!! Ty :)
We've gotten multiple leftover diapers from other moms and keep coming back to Pampers. They fit our baby very well, he rarely has a blowout or a leak. Even then it's usually user error. They also absorb everything fast making diaper changes easy. Dad loves that they have a moisture indicator as well.
These diapers keep my son dry and comfortable and fit really well.
My Husband preferred Pampers Swaddlers due to the color changing wetness stripe. He always new when it was time to change our son. We never had problems with leaks and were super happy that we can find them in size 4 and 5 now!
My baby been using pamper swaddler since birth, it's perfect fit, absorb very good too.
I LOVE Pampers!! Both of my kids have worn from Newborn to Size 6! I love the diapers. Swaddlers are the best because it has the yellow indicator strip down the front. They fit great and even work overnight!
Best diapers ever! Very absorbant and we have never had any rashes or skin irritation which is a blessing since he has such sensitive skin.
In the beginning, we tried a few different brands. I'm sad to say the most popular brands couldn't hold up to my Pampers Swaddlers expectations. Swaddlers fit better and have superior leak protection than any other diaper we tried. On several occasions we had ruined outfits when using the other brands. From now on, we are loyal to Swaddlers.
I love pampers, i could never go wrong with them, never have to worry if my baby is allergic or going to break out in a rash.
Love these diapers especially the wetness indicator! I haven't had any problems with them unlike other brands.
I was looking for a diaper that was both soft and absorbent and I found it with pamper swaddlers!
We have tried multiple brands of "swaddler" diapers... None compare to pampers! hands down Pampers swaddlers are the best! They are leak proof, flexible, and made with quality material that is gentle on my babies skin. We also like the tell all yellow... and aqua line.

HAPPY MOMMY!!
I have worked in the chilcare business fo yrs I love working with infants pampers have always been my favorite. Now I'm gonna be a grandmaw of twins won't buy anything else for my babies
I used this diaper with my first son and found that it blew Huggies out of the water. With my second son, I had a diaper party and had everyone bring various sizes of swaddlers. The absorbency is great for a newborn and two year old.
Only brand I will use. My kids are sensitive and pampers are the only diapers and wipes I can use.
I love these diapers. They are the only ones I will buy for my little one. They have great absorbance and do not hold too much of an odor. I have tried other diapers and they had an odor, but I have not had one complaint about these diapers. They also fit my little one well. He is beginning to walk and crawl and the diaper stays on nice and snug. I would recommend these to all my friends.
I loved the pamper swaddlers as a new parent i was so worried about not knowing when to change my baby. The blue line was awesome it goes from yellow to blue when its time to change your baby you just have to look for the blue line!
My husband can never tell when the diaper is wet (pampers does too good of a job keeping babies dry) and he forgets to changer her! I finally bought these and now he has a cheat system! I like baby dry at night but I keep a stash of these for him! Great for grandmas too!
I have two babies && i use pampers for both of them, It makes me feel so happy to see how comfortable they feel.
We've tried all of the big name diaper brands in my son's first three months and Pampers has been the best by far. Very few leaks and they last overnight. If you're cutting costs, try the Target brand. They are very comparable in quality and include the color indicator also.
Since my baby was born he has worn these diapers. They dont cause rashes, fit well. Love that it turns blue when its time to change diaper!
We love these pampers. They have been our favorite since day 1!
As the title states, these are the only diapers I'll buy and use for my six month old. Explosions are rare, and have nothing to do with the diaper. They're gentle on my baby's sensitive bottom and keep rashes at bay. They stay on great and now that baby is starting to move around, they remain perfectly in place. Love these diapers!
Great Diapers!! Have used them with all 3 of my kids and love them.
I love love love these diapers. They are so absorbent, that i am not worried about my daughter having leakage on to her clothes. And i absolute love the wet indicator line.
We have been using pampers swaddlers since day one and have not regretted it for a single day! So far we have used the newborns through size 2 and love them! They fit our daughter perfectly with no leaks! Plus, my husband loves the line on the front to tell him when she needs to changed!
Pamper is the only product I will use on my baby. We were given some other diapers and tried using them and the only left my baby raw. Pampers are perfect!
Out if all the different pampers I've used from Nee born to Cruisers my daughter has never had a diaper that didn't hold she's never had a diaper that got her onsie wet they definitely hold !
These fit great which is ideal for leaks. They ate extremely soft and hold wetness while my baby's skin feels dry.
This particular diaper was wonderful for my baby I loved the way they fit!!
We loved using the Pampers Swaddlers, they have great absorbency for up to 12 hours which make them great for long nights. We loved how comfortable these were on my son and they gave him a comfy fit.
These diapers are so soft and very absorbant. The wetness indicator strip is great.
We loved using the Pampers Swaddlers, they have great absorbency for up to 10 hours which make them great for long nights. We loved how comfortable these were on my daughter and they gave her a comfy fit.
My son was born 4 weeks early. These diapers were the only diaper that would fit is little behind. Now It's the only diaper we will buy!
I love the blue line that shows when the diaper is wet! My daughter is 17 months old and in size 5s, and I'm still very happy with Pampers Saddlers! The fit is great! These are probably my favorite diaper out there!
I just had my baby about a week ago and have already tried several brands of diapers and the pampers swaddlers are the ones that seem to fit him the best. I also enjoy the wet indicator, it makes checking the diaper much easier.
I tried other brands, along with Pampers and I found that Pampers were the best for my daughter. They absorb well and she slept through the night without needing a changing. They held in "blowouts" better than other brands as well.
I like that it has the line that shows when they are wet or dirty. Makes it easier if your on the go.
We were only using Pampers since my son was born, for Christmas we were given another brand name Diaper. We used them because they were free, they were the same size 2 as the Pampers but didn't fit right on him. He'd p right through them and started to get diaper rash which wasn't an issue before. We also didn't like the plastic feel that other diaper had. We didn't even finish the pack and went back to the Pampers. His rash went away and we haven't had any issues again.
It does what is advertise. Dry, comfy and absorb. Great protection.
These diapers do such a great job of keeping everything in. I was able to try these at the hospital when my son was born a couple of weeks ago and when I ran out of these I had some huggies little snugglers from a friend in newborn size and everything came out of them! They do not fit as well and they do not hold on to him as well as Pampers. I still have some of the Huggies but I went to the store and bought 4 packs of the newborn even though I had the Huggies still because the Huggies are so unpredictable and I love the pampers!
These are the best diaper for my baby during the day (we use baby dry at night). I like the wetness indicator.
My new baby hates being wet. With Pampers she stays happy. Even when the diaper is full, from a good nights rest. Happy baby, happy Mommy!
I love these diapers they gave them to me in the hospital when I had my three babies & never tried any thing else pampers my brand very good quality
I love Pampers Swaddlers! Great absorbency and they fit perfect! I love the blue indicator line as well! I've tried other diapers, but none compare!
Excellent diapers! I have preemie twins and they fit better than any other brand. Other brands fell off or leaked! Only diapers I'll buy!
Best fit an absorbency, I have used them with all my kids.
My daughter is 6 months old and from day one we have used pampers swaddlers. They fit great and are so soft!
I have tried most of the other diapers on the market and this is the best diaper I have found. I have had very few leaks with this diaper in the 11 months that I have been using it, which is a huge deal for me. Plus I dont have to change the diaper as often which is a money saver.
We have tried huggies, luvs, generic brands and pampers.... pamper diapers are by far the best!! Worth the money!
We use pampers because of the color changing strip. Have not had a single rash. As soon as my little guy is wet I know and can change him. I wouldn't want to sit in my own waste why should my helpless baby.
the hospital gave me pampers and they are grate I went and I got some more. I did try some other diapers but no good. I never had any blow out with pampers and keep in mind that my daughter it only month old. This are the bested ones I love them
These are the best fitting diapers out there. The wetness indicator stripe is great.
I have always used pampers on my little ones, because they are the best ones out there!
Diapers are an overall great value. I found that the newborn size fit my daughter pretty snug at 9 lbs so we had to move up to size 1 but overall I liked them. Wetness indicator is great!
I absolutely LOVE Pampers Diapers, With my oldest son we tried every diaper out there Huggies, Luvs, generic brands etc. but I am sticking with Just Pampers for my second child on other diaper beats their absorbency and fit. I absolutely love Pampers Swaddlers they are amazingly soft and fit great!
Great quality and durable. great competitive prices.
My baby girl is two weeks old. I been using pampers since she has been born. They are perfect and never leak
I absolutely love pampers swaddlers.. and the cute little cookie monster ones are my favorite lol... they are so snug to my baby, they never leak, they are simply the best diapers around. I would choose pampers over any brand anyday. Thank you pampers for making life so much easier when it comes to my little one.
Started out using Pampers Swaddlers Newborn when my daughter was born. Every once and a while when money was tight would try a generic/cheaper brand. She always woke up soaked through.

We decided that the cost didn't matter. The difference in price was worth it. Never, ever, ever wakes up soaked through!

We are a Pampers Swaddlers Family!
Love the fit love the style, just love em. Great absorbing diaper. Not to much padding and not to little padding, they just work.
i have a five month old baby and i only buy pampers. this is my second child and with my first baby i tried all kinds of diapers and pampers are by far the best. I will only buy pampers!!!!!!!!!!!!
I have tried other brand diapers and find Pampers Swaddlers to be the best. The diapers have enough elastic on velcro tabs so long enough to fit around babies thighs and not be too tight on her. They run very true to size which I have found not true of other brands.
This product is a must have! My son is 20 months and has never worn anything else! Worth the money! He never has blow outs or leaks!
Swaddlers are my all time favorite! I would recommend them to anyone!
I am a first time mom and am amazed at the improvements in diapers since my babysitting days. Love the Velcro fasteners and wetness stripe
Since my baby was especially small I appreciated that these diapers came in size XS /Preemie..(They even make a XXS, if you need a smaller diaper). The preemie size was perfect for the first 3 weeks because the newborn diapers leaked out the leg holes until my baby filled out.
I'm a first time mom and I have tried many different diapers. None have worked as amazing as the Pampers Swaddlers. Either the others didn't fit well or she would go through them because they didn't absorb well. These are the perfect fit and she stays dry.
I have tried every diaper brand on the market anf nothing compares to Pampers. Simply the best.
I would never put another brand diaper on my child. She loves her swaddlers. Any other brand makes her cry and they leak.
I was a very nervous mom to be again. It had been 9 years since my first son. And choosing a diaper is important. When baby was here, our hospital had pampers swaddlers. They held up well. I really liked them. I tried another brand to see if I could save a lil money, but nothing worked and held like pampers swaddlers. So I decided to stick with what was doing exactly what it's supposed to do. They don't leak, they don't bust apart, absorb well, and he stays dry as a baby can be. I'm proud to say that three months later our baby boy is still using pampers swaddlers size two. And I enjoy y'all have made swaddlers in all sizes.
These are great newborn diapers. So soft, great fit, super absorbent. Rarely leak- in fact we tried many other brands and these leaked the least by far.
Handles wetness better then any other diaper I've tried...might be a bit expensive, but definitely well worth it.
Pampers swaddlers have great absorbency and keep my baby dry. The fit is perfect and there is no irritation from the material.
I love these diapers. they are currently the only diapers that fit my son. Cruisers size for 4 are to big while size 3 are way to small.
I love love love pampers swaddlers! I used these on my daughter 7 years ago and although I forgot what bottle brand to use, what baby gear I most liked, I never forgot how I love Pampers Swaddlers and now I use them on my newborn boy.
Best diapers on the market. I would not even consider using another brand
The best product. My baby is more than happy dry and clean
These are the best diapers! We can always trust pampers to put out the best quality diapers.
I love love love the Swaddlers diaper. They are soft to the touch, give my 15 month old great flexibility as she is constantly moving. They smell great (mom's know what I mean). And they keep my little Princess dry!!!
No leaks like other diapers. Perfect for baby boys.
I swear by pampers, ive tried several brands of diapers for each of my children my oldest which is now potty trained my middle which is in size 4 and my newborn which is in between newborn and size 1. Every other brand has had a down fall. From leaky diapers to rashes to being too thin. Only pampers has agreed with my children's sensitive skin. I recommend pampers diapers over all other brands! !
The diapers are soft, absorbent and gentle on my baby's sensitive skin. The fit is great and they work well with my active daughter's life.
I would definitely recommend pampers diapers to anyone. They are very absorbent. I've had no problems with leakage.
Great product!! Will use with all my future children as well
I love these diapers!! My son wets through every brand we have tried and it had yet to happen since we switched to Pampers last month!! I will continue to use Pampers for my son and for my children in the future!! Great product!!
I like these diapers a lot, they keep my baby dry and are very absorbent. I also thing the yellow strip is a great idea, it turns blue when it's wet for those times when it's hard to tell if they are wet or not.
When my daughter was born we were sent home with swaddlers.. Because we had every brand of diaper under the sun from my baby shower we have tried them all. Swaddlers were the only brand that didn't leak when she had a blow out or became extra wet. Which saved clothes and extra baths! I would recommend swaddlers to any new mom. We love them!!
We all love pampers sensitive and wouldn't use any other diapers!
I used these diapers when my precious baby girl was born. I find that these are super soft therefore comfortable for my little angel. I love the wetness indicator feature and how these fit perfectly. We've moved on to Pampers Cruisers now since my baby is a lot more active nowadays but will most definitely use Swaddlers again for the baby #2.
I've used swaddlers since my son was born and love the protection the diapers have especially overnight for 12 hours. I'm already buying swaddlers for our next baby
We used swaddlers for the first month or so and then tried another brand. We switched back because the other brand gave our little one a rash. We have never had a leak with the swaddlers. We love the indicator line and how it shows when baby is wet.
Great product! Favorite brand of diaper! Recommend to everybody
I have used pampers sensitive wipes and pampers swaddlers since day 1 when my son was born. He is almost a year old and we refuse to put him in anything else! The wipes are amazing and get the job done. The diapers are a great fit and absorb great. We got a different brand for free before he was born and tried the newborn sizes. Every diaper we put on him he peed or pooped through it.. everywhere. So we got rid of those and stuck with pampers. Worth every penny even though they are more pricey than the rest. You get what you pay for!
If only they were cheaper! but overall I love these diapers sooooooo much! My son is growing pretty fast so he's in 3 already at 4 months, but the swaddlers still fit snuggly around his waist and legs! No leaks or blow outs lol
I tried Huggies Snugglers, huggies pure and natural, and then pampers swaddlers. Pampers were by far my favorite diapers. They keep the wetness away from babies skin, and they continue to absorb when baby starts sleeping through the night. No leaks.
Pampers swaddlers are the best diapers, hands down! They keep my babys skin dry, and free of rashes. I love the wetness indicator, its very helpful to ensure my baby stays dry and comfortable. My baby has very sensitive skin, and swaddlers are very soft and keep her skin soft! I love that I can find coupons easily, I buy swaddlers about once a week!
I use pampers swaddlers exclusively for my 6 month old. I tries a couple of other brands when she was a newborn and the pampers swaddlers are my favorite. They keep her dry all night long and she has never had a diaper rash with them.
Pampers swaddlers are the best diapers. We have tried other brands and were not as happy. These diapers fit the best for our baby. We have been using them since he was born.
I only use Pampers Swaddlers and Cruisers for my babies. I tried Huggies and Luvs and they leaked and didn't have a snug fit like Pampers. I do like Swaddlers and Cruisers better than Baby Dry. Worth the extra money.
I am so happy with the new and improved pampers I remember 6 years ago with my son they use to leak and have that jelly stuff in them but now they are great at catching everything.. Good Job
We received these diapers during our stay in the hospital and have used them ever since (my daughter is now almost 4 months old). We love the wetness indicator on the diaper. When we see a blue line we immediately go and change her. These diapers work very well to take away wetness from my daughters skin and contain it in the diaper. We have used a competitors brand and found that they did not work as well as pampers swaddlers. Pampers Swaddlers is our #1 choice of diapers!
they work great for my 8 month old and there a good price
Great 1st choice for new mom, TRY THEM! Absolutetly love them, comfortable & durable for my child. Have tried other brands that ended up leaking
I purchased Pampers Swaddlers for my son when he was born. The diapers fit great, had no leaks, and kept him from getting diaper rash! Definitely worth the price for your little one!
Even my husband agrees, these are the best diaper we have tried!
i am a mom of twins so we go through A LOT of diapers. These swddlers are the best! Never gave us a rash, great dryness protection even overnight and now go up to size 5.
These worked great for my toddler when he was a baby and currently used them for my newborn twins.
The hospital started us off using Swaddlers and we have never had any issues. Anytime we've had a leak or a blowout... of course we had borrowed some other brand of diaper! I cannot say enough good things about the swaddlers! Even the color changing line is simple enough and super helpful. I recommend these to everyone.
Pampers swaddlers have a great fit and absorbency. My little guy sleeps 8 hours at night and they hold the wet in. I love the wet indicator line and they seem comfortable on him.
I have used these diapers since my son was born and he is now 21 months. I have tried using other kinds because he is in daycare and they change them a lot and he ends up with rashes.
As an Infant/Toddler Teacher at a Child Development Center, I've seen MORE than my fair share of the various diaper brands. I can honestly say that Pampers Swaddlers are my absolute favorite (especially now that they are available in more sizes!) and if parents ever ask my opinion, I always suggest these.
I used pampers with my first child and was really happy with them. It was no question that I would use them with my second.
Pampers Swaddlers always keep my little man dry with no leakage issues. Their soft material is comfortable for my baby and comfort is what matters! We travel frequently and Swaddlers uphold the test of road trips!
I really liked the swadllers with my first son, it is the diaper they used in the hospital and i liked them so i stuck with them. But all too quickly my son outgrew them and i had to switch to other ones, swaddlers where the best absorbancy for sure. I am happy to say that by the time my second child outgrew them pampers had added higher sizes in swaddlers! Thank you.
Out of all the diapers we have tried, pampers is the only kind iwill continue to use. Best quality!!
I love pampers swaddlers is that they are wonderful and very comfortable for my baby
It's great to have an awesome diaper for my son. At night I only change him twice. This is the only diaper that does not cause him a rash! I just love it for his little bum!!! :)
We love Pampers Swaddlers. The diapers fit great and the color changing strip makes it so easy to tell when she needs to be changed. As she is sleeping longer stretches at night the diapers keep her comfortable until she wakes to be changed.
Absolutely awesome! Tried another brands newborn diapers and was not happy with the leaking that she had with them from the legs or the fit. Needless to say only getting Swaddlers after that experience.
Very absorbent, I love these diapers.I love pampers swaddlers. Great fit and absorption for our little BOYl!
We absolutely love Pampers Swaddlers! We have tried other brands and nothing holds up as well. We were so thrilled when they started making them in larger sizes. I recommend them to all my friends that are new moms.
I like the Pampers and we have never had any problems with any diapers.
I HAVE USED PAMPERS SWADDLERS SINCE MY SON CAME HOME FROM THE HOSPITAL. THE OBSOBENCY IS AMAZING! I HAVE NEVER HAD TO WAKE UP IN THE MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT TO CHANGE HIM AND HE DOESN'T SOAK HIS BED. HE HASN'T HAD ANY RASHES EITHER. I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE PAMPERS SWADDLERS!!!
All 3 of my babies used swaddlers until they were moving around and we loved them. We tried other brands at times but no other diaper was as soft as the Pampers Swaddlers. We liked that there was no sticky part on the tab and loved the wetness indicator. They worked great for us!
Pampers swaddlers is the only diaper I will use on my son! No other diaper compares and is the only diaper that will keep him dry during the night!
We use Pampers for all of our kids! Our twins had very sensitive skin & Pampers were the only brand that wouldn't irritate their skin. I wish the umbilical cord notch was a little deeper in depth but the absorbency makes up for it!
Always stocked up on these. Great overall status and quality
I have bought these for the last 9 years for all 3 of my children when they were newborns. Introduced to them at the hospital and have been hooked ever since!
i love pampers swaddlers ,my husband really liked the wetness indicator. these diapers really absorb and are super soft i would definitly recommended them
I have a 4 week old newborn at home and love the way pampers swaddlers absorb the wetness and keep my child dry. The fit is great and my baby always seems content.
I really love this product, never leaks and no rash on my baby.
this ll be the only product i ll be using from now. i tried some other brands but they leak a lots i ll recommend it any day.
Pampers Swaddlers are my diaper of choice. They are soft for the baby and fit well.
Pampers swaddlers are the best diapers for your newborn! My daughter was preemie, and these were the only diapers we used for her. Comfie, and no rashes/sensitivity issues!
Pampers has been used for all three of my children. They keep them happy and dry.
My daughter is extremely skinny and nothing fits her except the Pampers preemie diapers. I love this product, as they never leak and have the wetness indicator.
Since my daughter was born, I've only trusted Pampers. She was a heavy wetter and had sensitive skin. Pampers kept her dry and rash-less through out the day and night. I'm currently pregnant with my 2nd child and I wouldn't choose any other disposable diaper other than pampers. I've always recommended them to all my fellow mommy friends! Thank you, Pampers!
The diapers fit my newborn very well. as a first time parent I love the wetness indicator
My wife and I have tried a couple of different diaper brands now and Pampers is the only one that won't give my daughter a rash around her waist. Maybe she just has sensitive skin but for whatever reason she does well with these ones. Also, having that color changing line is awesome! I'm pretty obliviously at times especially when its tough to tell if shes gone with her being so small right now. Definitely helps.
Had leaks with other brands, pampers swaddlers fit our little one best!
This is an overall great product! No leaks and great fit!
We have used pampers swaddlers since my son was born. The soft cloth-like material is gentle on his skin and has great absorbency. Great product!
Love the smell of the diapers they don't smell like cheap plastic love how they fit my baby an how he stays dry love the wetness indicator on the front an back
The swaddlers are perfect for my little guy. They are nice and snug and stay dry!
I love that these have
the wetness indicator. So easy.
I chose pampers over any due to the fact that they don't cut into my baby girls legs, they don't roll down in the onesies, and overall they fit great! The wetness indicator is a plus, the pampers swaddler are a go to for first time moms who are trying to figure out which ones work, just choose pampers swaddler a.. I did! :)
Pampers Swaddlers is the best diaper I have ever used. I was gifted both Huggies and Pampers Swaddlers when my daughter was born. After a few diaper changes with each brand, I immediately found how effective Pampers Swaddlers were. The blue line indicates wetness, which is a great reminder when it is time to change. I have never once had a leak or blowout with these diapers and she stays dry throughout the night. Won't change diaper brand/type ever!
Love My Pampers, we use them on my grandaugther ,
this diapers don't leak and their comfortable for her. I also love the new & improved pampers wit the yellow line which hepls detect when the baby is wet. I have used Pampers for over 26 years and wouldn't change them for the world.
I just want to Thanks Pampers for this awesome product.:)
I went back and switched all my diapers that I received from my baby shower to Pampers Swaddlers. They are a great fit and have an awesome leak protection. I dont have to worry about my baby having any accidents outside of her diaper! Thanks Pampers!
I absolutely love this diaper this is my first baby and I've tried the all but this has to be by far my favorite great fit don't leak and have a wetness indicator they are just perfect
When my little girl came into the world she was 6 weeks early. Pampers was the only brand that made diapers that fit premies. They are an excelent brand for being absorbant, fitting right, and keeping her dry. I am now a Pampers mom. My daughter will grow up with the Pampers name.
I love using these diapers. Such good quality in the product.
Pampers is the only diaper we will use for our twins. With two babies, it is important to have a good diaper that is absorbent and holds in whatever needed...Huggins did not do that for us on several occasions.
Great way to find out if baby needs to be changed. Just have to look at line on pamper if changed color!!
My mom always used Pampers. So when i had my first child there was no question on what brand I would be using. I love the little indictator stripe and the way the fit my daughter. It sure does help my husband figure out when she needs a change as well. I've had experience with babies and he hasn't.
I love this diaper for newborns - it is so soft and absorbent. No leaks! Love the stripe to tell if baby is wet especially in the newborn stage. You won't find a better diaper!
I love this product. They hug my daughter just right so they don't leak. They move with her while she's crawling and don't leave any gaps. They also absorb nicely too, I can leave her in it all night and it holds. Best diapers so far!
The driest diaper ever and well worth my investment
All time favorite diaper, even now that my baby is almost two. Love, love love!
I love these diapers. No blowouts, no leaks, no rashes. The wetness indicator is a LIFE SAVER. The mesh inside helps keep poo from smearing all over baby's bottom. We use Pamper's exclusively.
My daughter has been wearing pampers swaddlers for almost two years,and we love them!. I always recommend them to all of my new mom friends!. THANK YOU!
We have used the pampers swaddlers in newborn and size 1 for our daughter. We love the fit, the high back, the extra layer of elastic, the material to keep her dry and the line to show when she is wet. We have few leaks with this diaper due to the fit around her legs and the high back.
I received may brands and sizes of diapers from my baby shower.. We started at the hospital with the pampers swaddlers NB size... We loved them right from the start.. We moved on to size 1 and continued too love them.. but the size 2 just never quite fit my little one just right.. so we switched to Pampers Baby Dry which worked and fit perfectly!
I love pampers swaddles. My daughter has worn them since the day she came home from the hospital!
I absolutely love pampers! They fit wonderfully, they absorb very well, and no leaks! They are the softest and most comfortable diaper out there. And I have tried them all. After trying pampers though I will never use a different diaper again. :-)
The only diapers that we use on our 5 month old twins are Pampers Swaddlers! The fit, dryness, comfort and softness beats any other diapers hands down. We will continue to use Pampers diapers!
It's been 6 years since my last child, when I started using these diapers with my new baby I was blown away with the improvements! I love the wetness indicator no more needing to peek in the diaper. If you haven't tried them you won't be disappointed when you do!
We love pampers swaddlers! They are the only diaper my little man doesn't potty through. They are soft and gentle and they hold him through his full night of sleep!
The Only diapers my son can use he's either allergic to everything else or they just don't hold him in and we have blowouts but not with these they are amazing!
I love Pampers Swaddlers for my baby. She doesn't wake up soaked because of a leaky diaper. The softness of the diapers is nice for both of us, because she likes the feel on her skin and doesn't fuss like she did with other diapers when changed. I will continue to buy Pampers diapers for her until she is potty trained.
Love these diapers. My little does great with these. The indicator strip is awesome, makes it easy to tell without having to disturb baby. M
I love this product. I am a first time mommy and it really helped knowing when baby's diaper needed to be changed. It's the only product I buy.
Pampers swadlers are great products. They absorb dryness and fit great.
Pampers swaddlers are the absolute best diapers! They keep my baby dry all day and night! Love the wetness indicator!
This is the best brand I could ever imagine! I am happy to have a baby now! Its so eady, since she was born I never bothered to change the diaper at night. And she was just fine, she never felt uncorfotable!
We have been a Pampers family for 3 years now. No other brand has been able to stand up to them! They have the best fit and absorbency out there! I love the wetness indicator on the front! It's so easy!
Swaddlers are so soft, I love them on my baby! I was sad when my baby had to move into a different diaper because she grew out of them.
We used swaddlers for all three of our babies! They were the only diapers that didn't leak. We loved the wetness indicator too. Anything that makes having a newborn easier is appreciated! As they grew, we continued to be loyal Pamper buyers!
I absolutely love these diapers, they fit amazingly and keep my son dry! I have tried other brands and none hold up like Pampers!
My family members have always used Pampers diapers until my mom started usuing a different brand for a child in her daycare. Well when I got pregnant I knew Pampers Swaddlers was what I would be using. I absolutely love how they fit my daughter and how absorbent they are for those long peaceful naps. I have also noticed no diaper rashes or anything while using Pampers Swaddlers and less poopie blow outs which is very nice. Less laundry means more time to snuggle with my little peanut. Thanks Pamper Swaddlers!
We love pampers diapers and how soft the swaddlers are.
These diapers are absolutely amazing! I had an issue finding a perfect fit for my little guy, but these ones are amazing! They have an extra layer of lining in the legs (that Huggies and Luvs don't have) which helps them stay tight in the legs and keep the wetness where it's supposed to be . I won't be using any other brand of diapers for my little guy (=
Pampers diapers are the best diapers I ever used. From the moment we left the hospital the Swaddlers did their job, no leaks, fit was great, and I always loved the great coupon offers to make them more affordable! Worth the price for sure! Even the hospital uses them!
I just love the soft cloth like material that hugs your baby and I'm sure that your baby thanks you to.
this product has a nice snug fit. The wetness indicator is such a useful tool, and the diaper keeps baby dry and cozy.
After several trials of several different products this is the best by far! Super absorbant, keeps clothes dry and doesn't break her out
I am a single father of 3 and for my 9 month old I would not use any other diapers for him. I find that the quality of Pampers is all around an outstanding product.
I love knowing my child has full comfort and remains dry when wearing these pampers swaddlers! Thank you pampers !
Thank you for staying on top of your brand. We are always satisfied .
People will give you their opinions on what is the best diaper to use but until you try them out yourself, you will never really know. I tried them all and pampers buy far was the best.
They're a great fit for my son! Keeps him dry and helps me to know for sure when he's wet. And I don't have to worry about them giving him diaper rash!
I like Pampers products it is valuable, dosent cause itchy for my baby skin and that all what I need
My son couldn't sleep through the night before we started using swaddlers! They're very absorbent and keep him dry and happy! We have had tons of night leaks before these diapers! Swaddles were my life saver!
Although I started out wating to use Huggies, I have only purchased pampers. Pampers fit my little girl. I love the wetness indicator. They are absorbent and flexible. My only problem with them is sometimes the mesh sticks to baby's butt.
These are great for newborns and even the older babies. I love how soft they are, and the mild scent, it just adds a nice touch. I like the wetness line especially for newborns, so helpful. Absorb well and I have not had one leak on me like other diapers have. Been using Pampers since 2009 and won't ever use another brand of wipes or diapers! worth the money.
I loved the swaddlers when my kids were babies! they are soft like fabric and super absorbent so I didn't have to worry about leakage when they started sleeping longer at night. They were stretchy to allow them movement when my kids started to crawl and with the wetness indicator I could be sure I changed them both when they needed! I got my sister a huge box for her newborn son because I love them so much! I even got her hooked too!
Have had our little girl in pampers since she was born! Heard nothing but good things from others about them. Have tried huggies, luvs, and seventh generation and by far these remain my favorite!! The fit is excellent. I feel like they are soft and absorbent! Love love love PAMPERS!
i used swaddlers on all my babys and would recommend them to everyone for ur sweet baby they are a good fit and keep baby dry and not harsh on their skin
I love using the swaddlers on my daughter. They are so soft and gentle. They are soft as cloth while others are stiff or papery feeling. I also love the wetness indicator although once she was able to turn over, crawl, walk, it doesn't always turn blue even though she is wet. I think the fit could be improved to be more form-fitting. But otherwise this is by far the best diaper out there. I know because I have tried several brands and products.
we love pampers swaddlers. They are so much better than huggies. The fit is excellent and so is the absorbency. Never worry about blow outs in pampers.
These diapers are a gift from above, I swear. We got a bunch of Huggies from our baby shower, but they leaked often. I tried these and instantly fell in love. They're PERFECT for overnight and everyday use. They seem to be very comfortable for my little guy and they're hassle free when putting on and taking off. They're honestly a little pricey... but they're so worth it when you count in all the factors that make these diapers a notch above the rest. Pampers for the rest of Parkers poopy days!
I love the pampers diapers they are the best! They are perfect for my son perfect absorbency and fantastic fit for my little one to grow!
I have a preemie baby born at 29 gestation and I never thought that he would be able to fit any diapers. Pampers fit him comfortably and kept him dry.
We've used Pampers Swaddlers since our little guy was born. We've never had a problem. They fit great and our son seems comfortable in them. The few times we've tried other diapers we have not been as satisfied as we are with these!
I am glad I started with pampers for my baby. The quality is great and i will continue to use pampers.
When my daughter was first born I tried lots of different brands of diapers but pampers was always the one that not only fit the best, but was the most comfortable for her changing body. Also I love the indicator strip on the diaper that lets you know when the baby is wet, that's the best!
Love these Diapers, my daughter was very comfortable in them. Thank you
Just wanted to take a moment to tell Pampers how much my husband and I love swaddler diapers for our baby girl! We legit have tried every single company out there and nothing compares! Thank you!
Pampers are best. Great quality!! Always dry!! I have no complaints.The wetness indicator truly works. They fit perfectly. And the baby stays dry at night. No wet gels balls like other brands once the baby pees
Our baby has always been a sensitive kid, and will get rash from anything, Pampers products were the only thing which will suit him right. We love it and would never thing of changing to any other diaper brand :)
I absolutely love these diapers. They fit the best, absorb everything, and they leave baby feeling comfortable.
These are the best diapers that we have found that work for our twins! They give the best protection and fit!
We have tried many other brands of diapers but keep coming back to the swaddlers. We haven't had any rashes or leaks yet! Only thing I wish is they had the band on the inside in the back to help prevent blowouts from happening.
I love these diapers I am so glad they now make them through size 6. My daughter is a little chunky around the legs and these do not leave marks like other diapers. They are the softest and provide the best protection at night.
these are very nice and simple. they get the job done!
I like the yellow to blue indicator strip. Also, the material is soft on baby's skin.
My baby is 3 months old and this diaper is very form fitting! nice and easy to clean!
Their are very absorbent and I love the fact that the line turns from yellow to blue when it needs to be changed!!!
Best fit for both my kids! Wouldn't use a another another brand! They keep my babies dry and don't cause any rashes! !
These are the best diapers for newborns. Extremely soft and absorbent. The only diapers I'll be putting on my son.
I had a preemie baby and swaddlers were and still are the only diapers that would fit her. The fact that they wic away wetness and seem dry made my daughter feel more comfortable, plus helps with diaper rash. I love these diapers, they are the only diapers I plan on using for my baby. Im so glad they go up to size 6 now, it used to be size 2.
These diapers came highly recommended to me, particularly for newborns. As far as I have seen, these are the only ones that have a cut out for the umbilical cord. To cut down on the possibility of irritation, these are the only ones I am going to use!
i love these diapers. ive never had any leaks with them and my daughter seems comfortable with them
We've try a couple brand of diaper out there. From brand name to generic, but when we came across pampers swaddler we just fell in love with it. Perfect fit for my baby And that wet indicator rocks. Definitely will stick with pampers.
I've tried Huggies hated them, walmart the worst. Now with my 2nd I've only used Pampers and will never even think of trying another brand has worked so well with both my kids! I always buy pampers as gifts for baby showers as well
I love pampers swaddlers and so does my daughter. She never seems to be uncomfortable because of her diaper and we've never had a leak. Pampers is all I use for my newborn.
I've tried different brands, but these work the best for my kids.
I like pampers cause they fit better then any other diaper product. I also feel that my baby stays dryer all day/night!!
These are definitely a recommendation, especially for new parents.
The best diapers ever! And the only diaper my daughter will wear!
It's amazing diaper, keep my baby feel comfortable day and night even I forget change his diaper at time he always dry
As new parents we were given a pack of Pampers for our daughter by the hospital. While we were happy with them, we decided to try out other brands (that were either cheaper or supposedly more eco-friendly). However after dealing with a number of leaky diapers, we decided to go back to the Pampers. They are by far the best diapers we have used.
The green line fullness indication is a great idea , it ease to me to know if my baby need to change the diaper or not
The Swaddlers are by far the best diapers for my daughter. They ate the only ones that she didn't get a diaper rash with.
We love Pampers for our little girl! They are fantastic!
I really enjoy the pamper swaddler product's they are just wonderful. I am a first time mom and the wetness indicator comes in handy. It really helps to know when it's a good time to change my little one. At the hospital they introduced me to this product. Both my husband and I agree that this product is such a great value.
We love these pampers, especially since it is so easy to see if the baby is wet. They are a little more expensive than the other pampers, but it is well worth it! We will use the swaddlers until our little one grows out of the sizes.
I love the indicator stripe that lets me know when my baby needs to be changed!!
Great quality. Much better fit and absorbency than other brands I've tried. My daughter is very small and these were able to fit snug without irritation. Returned other brands for more Pampers.
We switched from the sensitive to the swaddlers when we could not find them anymore in our area. They have worked great for us, and she has had no problem with leaks or rashes.
They worked pretty good for the price I just wish they fit a little better based on the sizing chart and worked better for over night use
I am a first time mommy and i love swaddlers diapers. The reason is because the yellow line turns blue once my daughter pees and or poops. And i don't have to check her diaper by opening it up. Instead all i have to do is just check the color of the line. They fit just right and are a reasonable price and i will continue to use pampers Brand.
We started using these because it's what the hospital used, our original thought was to use the huggies free and clear but we never packed a hospital bag so we used the diapers they provided us there which were the pampers swaddlers. When we got home we switched to huggies and our daughter developed a bad rash from them so we went back to pampers. Should have never switched! Planning on keeping her in pampers from now on!
These diapers are great. I love the wetness indicator on the front. I have never had a problem with diaper rash with these.
The preemie swaddlers were a perfect fit for our 6lb girl thank you
We cloth diaper 100% of the time, except the newborn stage. These diapers are so soft and I loved the wetness indicator, while having to count how many wet and dirty diapers baby had each day!
I love pampers swaddlers especially for newborn babies. When they wet their diapers, its harder to tell as apposed to a bigger baby. The wetness line really helps with newborns to tell if they have a wet diaper. I highly recommend swaddlers to everyone.
These are the best diapers, they keep my baby dry especially overnight. I've tried others but I was very disappointed.
Love this product simply because of the line that idicates how much of the pampers is wet. the quality is worth the price of the product. I have a ten month and I only use Pamper products. well worth the money. holds more than any other pampers that I have tried
We went through a few different brands before settling on one. I found Swaddlers to be the best fit and value for my money. I love that the diapers don't burst open like huggies do (the gel would leak overnight causing a horrible chemical rash!). I also really like the feel of them. They are very soft.
Pampers are the only diapers we use! My daughter breaks out from any other brand, but they aren't as good as pampers anyway!
I have a newborn and I have already tried a lot of different types and brands. Nothing compares to the absorbency and quality of this pamper swaddler! I exclusively breastfeed so I need something that is going to keep the daily blow-out under control! I will not use anything else!
So I was very skeptical about diapers for my new born, I was planning to do organic diapers or just the old school cloth diapers. Fortunately for me I didn't have pay extra for organic diapers or use those time consuming cloth diapers! Thanks to the swaddlers im very happy with the results thus far and would recommend it to every mom.
I am a huge fan of the pampers swaddlers! They are so soft! They fit my son great and he has never had any problems at l with dryness or redness like he has with other diapers love them and highly recommend!
These are the best newborn diapers out there. I wouldnot buy any other brand
The hospital where I gave birth use Huggies and I was grateful for the loads of diapers they gave us though they weren't newborn size. So when my baby became a size 1, I noticed she still had terrible leaks because the legs were big and the back was not up high enough. I had packs of Pampers and Pampers Sensitive from my baby shower and started to use them and they were wonderful. Pampers are up high in the front and higher in the back, they fit her legs comfortably but not tight. My baby can't go more than 2 or 3 hours before a leak happens but that is way better than 30 mins or if she lays on her side or back. I also tried different wipes and again, Pampers is better because they are bigger and softer. My boyfriend agrees as well. We are a Pampers family!!
The only diapers we use on our little one. They are the best for leak protection, fit and comfort. The sensitive work the best on my daughter. I do wish they were a little cheaper. But, you get what you pay for. Overall, great product!
I would buy it again. My baby love it. She can sleep longer at night and no more fuzzy baby. I would recommend this product for all the mommy's out there.
My son wears size 1 swaddlers and I've never had a leak and I love the blue line to indicate a wet diaper!
I've used Pampers since my son was born and I love the diapers Swaddlers. Diapers keep my baby dry and seem to be a perfect fit. I recommend Swaddlers to all new mommys.
Swaddlers are my favorite because I have a permanent loss of taste and smell... The yellow line helps me not have to check his behibd every 5 minutes to see if he went potty!!! It makes it to much easier especially being a single mom. Highly recommended!
I love these diapers! I have tried multiple brands and most of them either didn't fit, or would leak! eww! Pampers are the I u diapers that fit and don't leak! Love love love them!!!
Our daughter is a petite little thing! We can always trust pampers to fit her perfectly without all the sagging. We also use cloth diapers, and trust pampers second to cloth not to give our sensitive baby diaper rashes! We use these overnight with no leaks, ever!
Love the indicator strip that tells you if your baby is wet or not! Also love how secure the velcro straps are.
I had my first child 2 weeks ago I'm happy to say my baby is a Pampers diaper baby. Love the fit and total value.
When my daughter was born premature, these were the diapers the hospital used. I've tried other brands of diapers, and I've also tried other styles of Pampers. These are definitely my favorite. I love the softness, the wetness indicator, and how they pull the wetness away from my daughter. I'm so glad they started making these in a bigger size!
I love the quality and fit. My little one stays comfortable all day!
Absolutely love this product. I honestly don't know why anyone would use anything else. My four week old has been wearing them since the hospital and they are just great! Thank you Pampers!
Before we had our baby, we requested a few different brands of diapers to try out. We've tried Huggies, Pampers Swaddlers, 7th Generation, and 2 types of cloth diapers. For our little guy's tiny waist, Pampers Swaddlers were the best fit!

Pros:
-fit our son's tiny waist / butt (other diapers fell off#
-the stripe that indicates a wet diaper is convenient
-the absorbency of the diaper is sufficient for even nighttime sleeping

Cons:
-this is probably the case with EVERY diaper, but we have had a couple blowouts #probably 1-2 per month)

Overall, we are very satisfied with the Swaddlers diapers!
The line indicator is so helpful for your little one
My baby and I love all Pamper's products! Wipes stay moist and diapers fit perfect.
We use these diapers during the night mainly because they fit so well and have great absorbency with no leaking!
I never thought such a little body could hold so much inside it!! Well thank goodness for pampers swaddlers or we would be in a lot of trouble!! At our baby shower we recoeved quite the assortment of diapers from friends and family. In the Huggies my son would leak out the side from improper fit every time. The swaddlers contained him and kept him dry every time saving me much aggrivation from having to change crib sheets and baby clothes at 2:00am! Thank you pampers swaddlers!!
Pampers swaddlers are by far the best diapers out there. We have twins and we will continue to buy these. They fit great and have yet to leak.
I love these diapers as well as my son. They have a wetness indicator and leave my baby dry. They are very durable yet very soft and comfortable. Worth every penny.
Best diaper around! Good for even toddlers. I used them for each child and now my newborn will be using them!
We started as a Pampers family in the hospital with our first baby and after thinking that we should try other diapers "just in case" they were as good, we quickly decided we would forever be a Pampers family. Swaddlers are the softest and most absorbent product out there. Our little girl is 15 months and loves them. Sleeps through the night without any terminal diaper failures. We love these!!!!
The best diapers that we have tried. They do not leak. Also, the line that turns blue when wet is perfect. My husband can't use the excuse anymore that he didn't know the diaper was wet.
I TRIED ALL KINDS OF DIAPERS SINCE WE RECEIVED ALL KINDS FROM OUR BABY SHOWER. PAMPERS WORKED THE BEST FOR OUR LITTLE ONE. THEY HOLD BETTER, MADE WELL AND NEVER HAD ANY LEAKS. THE YELLOW LINE TO BLUE IS ALSO ANOTHER GREAT DETAIL TO ADD.
Great diapers, they were the only ones that fit our baby when he was a newborn, and they never leaked!
Pampers diapers can absorb so much that it makes it easier to change my son's diaper every 2-4 hours! They stay on great and don't slip or slide. My son seems very comfortable after being changed and in a fresh, clean Pampers diaper!
We tried many different brands of diapers for my newborn. Pampers Swaddlers are the ONLY diaper that we have found that works! He stays dry and so does his clothes!
This is my first time using diapers since I'm a fist time mom. Whe I delivered my daughter the only diapers they use was pampers and I loved it since than.
Love the softness of the product. Bought it for my first born and now seven years later bought it for my new born im in love with pampers swaddlers.
Love swaddlers- glad they come in larger sizes! I use these at night for my little boy, and baby dry during the day!
These are excellent diapers to use, especially if your baby is prone to diaper rashes, because these stay dry for long periods of time. Great diapers!!!
My family has always said buy a cheaper diaper and save money, they are just as good, but the truth is they aren't! Pampers beats them all and worth every penny!
I tried several other kind of diapers on my son. These were the only diapers he didn't wet through. They also do not have the odor that other types of diapers have. They are easy to use and the tabs open and stick well. I like the fit around the legs and the net type thing on the bottom.
Love swaddlers for littles!! The wetness indicator is awesome!! I love the belly botton cut out too!
The swaddlers are great I have been using them for my daughter since birth and she is now 10months. The fit is great they are snug around the butt/thighs so there are no leaks!
I tried Huggies and Pampers and there is no comparison! Pampers are much better and hold longer.
In the hospital they provide pampers and i fell in love with them there. I love the wetness indicator I can just pull the babies onesie aside and check if they have a wet diaper. They soak up very good. This is my go to diaper
I love these diapers! We found out about them when my daughter was in the NICU, it was the only diaper used by the hospital. Weighing in at less than 4lbs, Swaddlers were the only diaper that actually fit her. We just kept buying them. I was really happy when pampers started making them in larger sizes. We're in the process of potty training, and still use them during night time.
I was unsure of what diapers to use and I went through about 3 different ones, and pamper swaddlers won me over!
I love this product! All my other kids used Huggies. The hospital uses the Pampers and I haven't changed!
Diaper fits well, absorbs even better and stays dry!
I absolutely love love love pa,pers swaddlers! I have 4 boys & have used them with everyone!!! I have tried every diaper brand ther is & nothing compares, not even close to the dryness or comfort!
Pampers swaddlers are a fantastic diaper for newborns! I absolutely loved them. They have a wetness indicator so it's easy for first time parents to know when the baby has went. I would definitely use them again!
Our favorite diapers. They are so soft and I really love the wetness indicator it makes it easy to know when you need to change your baby. These diapers also absorb wetness all night long with no leaks. The fit is great! These diapers can accommodate my daughters chubby legs keeping her comfortable and dry!
I love pampers swaddlers they keep everything in the diaper. The hospital provided us with this brand and we have been using them since. We ran out 2 days ago and we had to use an off brand kind that were given to us at our shower and Oh My!! They were stiff uncomfortable for my little one and when they were soiled they were super heavy. Luckily my mother has an automatic shipment for us that we got pampers the next day. My little one is happy now and we will use only pampers for now on! Thank you!
The hospital my daughter was born at uses Pampers Swaddlers so if the hospital uses them then they are considered a trusted product in my household.

Sacred Heart Hospital in Pensacola Fl. (By the way)
So far we have tried several brands and types of diapers for my little girl. Swaddlers fit well and are very absorbent. Other diapers don't seem to fit her quite as well, and she can go overnight without needing a change. Favorite diaper, hands down!
I'm so glad Pampers decided to expand their diapers to larger sizes. The wetness indicator is also very helpful!
This is a great diaper for newborns with sensitive skin thanks to the absorbency protection. However, my favorite feature is the wetness indicator on the outside that let's you know when baby is wet, by changing from yellow to blue. You don't have to open the diaper just to check. I just wish the cutout for the umbilical cord as more predominant so it didn't have to be folded every time.
We cannot say better things about Pampers. We received them since day one in the hospital and haven't looked back. Pampers is the only kind we use. We have tried other products and haven't had any luck. We prefer swaddlers but any kind of pampers has worked out well!

Our daughter has not had any reactions at all to any pampers products.
I have tried two other diapers on our newborn since the beginning of May. Every diaper except the Swaddlers had leaked onto her clothing. We change her regularly too. We only buy pampers Swaddlers now.
Love Pampers diapers and their wipes over any other brand!
Pampers Swaddlers are the best diaper. My little ones have very sensitive skin, and these are the only diapers that don't break them out in a rash. They are so soft and absorbent. We tried other brands, but ended up with leaks, stained clothes, and rashes. I am so happy they are now offered in bigger sizes to!
We love how Pampers Swaddlers fit our son and love the overall function of them. We have tried others who have said they are like Pampers Swaddlers only cheaper, but they do not compare to the actual thing!
Easy to put on, very lightly scented (I don't like any scent in most baby products, but these are very inoffensive), and seem very comfortable for my little girl. I like the center character on the front to use as a guide for centering the fasteners and for fit. These hold a lot of liquid, and we've only had a few poopy blow-outs, which any diaper would have had a hard time preventing - if the size is a tad big, just fold up the top so the leg elastic is secure and it won't happen. I've tried several other brands and it didn't matter what I did, they always leaked
For a newborn baby, the wet line indicator is so great.
We love pampers diapers! So absorbent, never leak. Any never leave a rash on our sensitive babies bum.
I definitely recommend Pampers Swaddlers. I have tried several other diapers on my son and in the morning he is went. But with Pampers swaddlers I can rest assured him and his bed will be dry in the morning.Thank you Pampers.
I love these for Newborns - so soft and fits them so well. Never have to worry about them leaking!
Been using swaddlers with my daughter since she came home from the hospital. For the most part, it prevents all leaks. The only recommendation I have heard and used is to go up the next size during the night to make sure that there are no leaks during a long snooze.
The best thing you will buy for your baby. Keeps my baby dry over night.
Both of my children used pampers as babies until they were potty trained. They are better than any other diaper brand out there & I've tried other big name brands. My kids got rashes with huggies so when i started using pampers I was so glad I found them! I will recommend pampers to all my friends and family for when they have babies
After trying many many different diapers these are by far my favorite! Especially with the yellow line that turns blue when its wet
I have a 5 month old and when i brought her home from the hospital I was using another brand of diapers and these diapers would always leak when she had a poopy diaper, so i tried 2 other brands and had the same results. But then i tried pampers when my daughter was about 2 months and I've loved it ever since. She's had only one leaky diaper and thats because i didn't put it on properly, but the absorption is great and i love that inner netting material that holds even the messiest diapers.
I love the strip that indicates if the diaper is wet. Makes it simple and easy to know.
i love pampers Swaddlers my hospital recomended them since my first baby and ive used it on all my 3 girls.
Pampers Swaddlers are the only diapers that fit well! We've used Newborn and Size 1 and we are very happy with them!
Pampers Swaddlers diapers are really one of the best things I can buy for my baby's bum!
Pampers Swaddlers have been our only diaper since our daughter was born. That is what we used in the hospital and continued to use at home. We tried a couple other brands that were given to us or borrowed when needed, but none compare to Swaddlers.
Fits perfect ! Good price absorbs great I would definitely recommend it !!
I'm a new mom and I was given these at the hospital and they're amazing. I love that the stripe turns green when it's wet. They're super absorbing and fit my baby perfectly.
pampers swaddlers are excellent diapers my first born used them 7 years ago and i never had problems with a leak or anything in that matter.Now my newborn uses them and its great and its even better now that they have the yellow strip that turns blue when the diaper is wet (Awsome).
The products rock we use to use other brands (huggies) and I became wet from leaky diapers. We changed over for 6 months now and have no leaks!!!!
I have been using pampers since my daughter was born about 3 months ago. I must say compared to Huggies I am absolutely in love with Pampers. Pampers keeps my daughter dry and free from smelling like urine. The blue strip is a life saver for indicating that she has urinated
I have tried other brands but there is nothing like pamper diapers. You will be very satisfied.
I love that the line let me know if my baby is wet or not.
I really love the fact that it shows a blue streak when it's wet or soiled. Pampers fits great on my girl.
We were started on these diapers in the hospital and had been told previous to that by friends that they were the best diapers. I had nothing to compare them to until I went to buy more and the store I went to was out of my baby's size, so I had to buy a different brand. They did not fit him and were awful. I love the fit of Pampers Swaddlers so much better, they are nice and soft, and the wetness indicator is great. I do not want to ever use another brand again!
Great to be able to sleep through the night with these diapers. Love the wetness indicator. No problem with diaper rash with these either!
Pampers has the wet indicator that really helped me out with my first child.
I absolutely love the quality of the Pampers swaddlers. The color-changing wetness indicator is an awesome feature. The softness is great and I love how dry they keep my babies bottom. I would definitely recommend them to my friends!
I love pampers diapers. They are great for babies especially if they have sensitive skin. The best part is the wetness indicator. Makes it so much easier for the mommies. :)
Having a new baby is hard enough - but being able to see if she was wet without having to do "the sniff test" was nice :). Especially when getting used to how often to change diapers. These fit her great and absorbed a lot more than others.
Have tried a lot of different brands, and Pampers are the best at absorbing, especially overnight. Moisture is pulled away, so our son can sleep comfortably and without leaking!
I love these diapers and I only buy pampers do to the quality and fitting. My baby deserves to feel comfortable and these diapers do it all. Thank you
My fourth child arrived on March 10, 2014. Before she arrived, my youngest child was 13 years old. I can't believe how much papmers have changed. I love Pampers swaddlers diapers. They are soft and have a comfortable fit for my baby. I won't buy anything else!!!
Pampers Swaddlers are the only diaper I'll buy for my almost 2 year old daughter. That's what the hospital used & I fell in love with the 'net type' lining they have. It seems to help keep the 'mess' off their their delicate little skin better than other brands. We've tried Huggies, but ALWAYS end up coming back to Swaddlers.
These have to be the best diapers on the market. My son can wear them for 12 hours with no leaks and I've tried all of the other brands but nothing is as good as pampers. And they are so very soft.
ive tried numerous brands of diapers out there & in my opinion pampers works best for us....great fit for my baby and great absorbency
my child has very sensitive skin and only pampers swaddlers only works on her skin..love it!
My daughter has blown out of every diaper we put on her aside from pampers swaddlers. Even the other pampers variations have leaked in the evenings, swaddlers do the job without fail! Wish they came in bigger nsozes for my giant baby.
These are excellent diapers - they're the best in terms of absobency, in my opinion. They are great at preventing diaper rash because they stay very dry. The RiteAid pharmacy near my building only tends to only carry the smaller sized ones, but once I saw that they also came in a size 5 I was thrilled! These are a bit expensive, but they're excellent!!!
I have tried many different brands of diapers in an effort to save a few dollars. In the end I always regretted buying the other brands and wishing I continued to use Pampers swaddlers. I now only buy the pampers swaddlers and I along with my baby girl are very happy!
I love these diapers. My son seems to favor Pampers Swaddlers over any of the other Pampers diapers.
very absorbant dont leak. love the strip as a new mother learning how to do everythig this helps let you know right away when the baby went to prevent rash
I used pampers for my first child and have used them for my second. I have tried others that were given to me, but none come close to pampers! Love them!
We have 2 year old twins and learned early that Pampers Swaddlers are the Best diapers out there! The wetness indicator is so convenient. You can tell if a diaper is wet without having to feel it. The inside is soft and keeps them dry. We were having a problem with frequent diaper rash before we switched to Pampers Swaddlers, now they are a thing of the past! These diapers are super absorbent and comfortable. Our babies wear them all night without accidents which is great because who likes to have to change 2 crib mattresses every morning... Not us!! We were very happy when we realized that Swaddlers came in the bigger sizes, too. They are in a Size 4 now and still in their Swaddlers! They love the Sesame Street characters as well!
Swaddlers are hands down the best diapers, the material is so much better than the typical plastic diaper. They breathe, yet keep in the close yellow and brown.
These are the diapers that I received in the hospital when my daughter was born 11 months ago. The wetness indicator was definitely a major help for us, first-time parents. I also loved how soft and "natural" they seemed. When our little family came home we had many different brands of diapers waiting for us from our baby showers. They all failed compared to the Pampers Swaddlers. Either they smelled funny, leaked, or were just not a proper fit. I ended up giving away about $150 worth of diapers because, as a picky Mom, I wasn't satisfied. I even preferred the Swaddlers over Baby Dry!! I have ONLY used Pampers for my daughter. Now that she is on the move, I do use Cruisers. They are a little more inexpensive when I am buying in bulk. However, Swaddlers are always a throwback, and I am constantly recommending them to other parents-to-be.
I tried other diapers but I went back to these as they hold up to all that he does. If I have another baby I will be definitely use these ones again. I just wish that they were a little cheaper. I can understand why they cost a fair bit as they do hold up to a lot. I love them!!
When my son was born, I had every brand of diapers to try. I tried them all and found myself always coming back to Pampers Swaddlers. 9 months later we are still using Pampers Swaddlers. Love the absorbency, love the fit, and love that it doesn't irritate my son's bum. Needless to say, we will be using swaddlers until he is into training pants.
We are never disappointed when it comes to Pampers Swaddlers. I was SO excited when they made larger sizes. These diapers are truly super absorbent and we never have any issues with leaking.
I was told that Pampers Swaddlers were the diapers to use. I was skeptical at first. When I had my son, the hospital gave me Huggies, they leaked. So my family went out and got Pampers Swaddlers for him. I love Pampers, Pampers are the BEST diapers. They do not leak, they fit perfectly, the absorbency is fantastic. I also used Pampers Sensitive baby wipes.
The only diaper that fit and lasted with my newborn! I used swaddlers until she became mobile. Love love love pampers!
I love this product, its the best. They are more comfortable for the baby
These diapers are the only diaper that my son did not leak through as a newborn. I originally bought huggies and everytime he would leak through his diapers onto his clothing. It was getting ridiculous. My husband remembered that the hospital had sent us home with a small pack of pampers. So, we opened them up and gave them a try. And guess what?? He did NOT leak!! He's going on 7 months and we have not had 1 leak. These diapers have made me one happy mommy.
these are such great reliable diapers. They move around with the baby, fit snug against their legs and helps minimize blowouts. They also don't cause any skin rashes. I love the baby ones that have the cutout for the naval.
I love these diapers because unlike other brands, if my son goes number 2, the swaddlers absorb so well and the netting or mesh material in the diaper really protect his skin from getting diaper rash. We change him often but he's 3 months and exclusively BF so in the middle of night he might go without me knowing/realizing. Anyway, I feel confident that with these diapers his exposure to moisture hence his exposure to getting diaper rash is minimized. So far, no rosey butts over here.
Pampers are great! They are super absorbent for my newborn && fit him just as well. The wetness indicator really comes in handy when I'm on-the-go && trying to see if my baby is wet. The mesh bottom works well at keeping his bottom as clean as possible until he's changed.
Really enjoy these diapers. Love the line to let me know my daughter has wet her diaper.
Great product love pampers diapers just crazy in love
I love these diapers....I just wish they were just a little cheaper lol!!
Love the product, pampers were the first and only diapers for our family.
My baby now is 18 months old and swaddlers are the best of the lot as its absorbent power is awesome. I have used baby dry as well, its good but absorbency is low compared to swaddlers.
These diapers are by far our favorite type and brand of diapers! My husband and I have used other brands since we are new parents and we wanted to try different brands out, however we have discovered that Pampers is our favorite! We love the bigger tabs that hold the diapers together, as well as the high back, in case our little one has a big blowout! We have not had a diaper leak and the fit is decent on our premature baby.
I use nothing but Pampers swaddlers for my little one. She is always comfortable and dry. The color strip on the pamper always let's me know when she needs to be changed!! Awesome
We love pampers! We've tried ever diaper out there, but pampers our the best.
Swaddlers are my favorite type of diaper... they fit great and never leak!! I love the line to check and see if my daughter needs changed since she is a toddler always on the go!
Pampers swaddlers are such a good product. I love how it has the line to let you know when the baby diaper is wet. Really good product.
I have used pampers for years. My son is my third child and pampers was the "no brainer " choice for him. One thing that I love the most is how much the pamper absorbs. At night its a hassle to wake my baby up to change him, but with pampers I know I will be safe until the morning. Although this is my last child, I know for the next 2 years pampers will definitely will be my go to product for undies!
So far no other diaper that we have tried matches up to Pampers! The wetness indicator is really helpful for those first few weeks when you haven't mastered the art of figuring out when your baby has urinated. The coverage is fabulous and you can go for long period of time without changing if needed (we do a lot of road trips so this is helpful).
I love pampers they always fit perfectly and never leak! Highly recommend it!
I absolutely love these pampers! ! I have been using these since my daughter was first born and she is 2 now. I've never changed brand or anything and don't plan to.
We tried a variety of diapers in the first weeks with our first baby and finally settled on Pampers Swaddlers. My husband actually made the final decision because he liked the tabs the best and the way they fit her.
I love pamperes diapers. The best quality. Would definitely recommend to anyone and everyone.
I have three children and am expecting number four I use pampers with my 11 month old and for sure again with this baby
I actually put Pampers to the test and tried others and went back to Pampers because nothing worked quite like their diapers. The best diaper by far and the only brand I'll use from now on.
Out of all the different pampers styles Swaddlers is by far my favorite. The indicator stripe is so convenient especially at night time and the move with my baby.
The new and improved swaddlers are my all time fav! The only diapers i will use
Our daughter wears Pampers swaddlers more than any other diaper. We love the color strip that indicates when she's wet and we love the way they fit her. We also tried another brand's swaddler product and every time she had a bowl movement, she had a very messy blow-out! We've never had a blow-out with Pampers!
I received every brand of diapers at my first babies shower. It only took a few nights of my baby waking up soaked and changing a screaming babies entire outfit in the middle of the night to realize, pampers only from now on! A mom once told me she was a "pampers snob" and I chuckled... But no laughing matter here now, me and my baby are "pampers snobs" and proud of it.
I love these diapers they are so soft and have a baby smell that makes you shove your face inside the diaper everytime you open a pack.lol. they are not as absorbent and dry than the baby dry kind but definitely worth it because you will know your baby is wrap in pure softness! :)
We have tried many brands of diapers but Pampers seem to be the only months that work for us. They don't leak. They don't make the girls rash. I recommend them to anyone.
My son has a very sensitive skin, and eventhough I bought pampers swaddlers the regular kind, my son never suffered from rashes again.
We love pampers swaddlers! My newborn son had such sensitive skin that other diaper brands gave him horrible diaper rash! But never had a diaper rash with pampers!
I absolutely Love pampers. The diapers fit perfect, they are soft and they keep her dry. I don't go threw diapers like I did with he other brands. We all have sensitive skin, & I have to be careful about what I use or try to use, I have had no problems with Pampers. :) I would definitely recommend them to other moms.!
The diapers are awesome! It has not leaked so far and it is good on the skin as well...we love the wetness indicator too
We tried Pampers swaddlers first from baby shower gift. Then we received other diapers and realized none could satisfy us like the pampers swaddlers. So right now our other remaining brand is lying in living room and we ordered 216 count swaddler. We couldnt be happier considering cost. One of those purchases that makes us happy and our baby comfortable. The wipes are awesome. Once we tried another brand we immediately saw the difference. The positive reviews are real !
We tried a different brand of diaper and we really missed pamper swaddlers. The swaddlers contained all bowel movements, where other brands hand leaks.
These diapers are amazing. They absorb so much and even tell you when your baby is wet. Will be using for future children.
I have a 3 month old baby and have tried a few brands of diapers and these are by far the best I have used. I have only had 1 or 2 leaking incidents which were mostly attributed to user error. The wetness indicator is helpful for the early morning diaper changes to let you know if you need to change the babies diaper or not. I could use more variety in the pictures on the diapers just because the same 4 pictures gets old fast but that doesn't really interfere with the usefulness of the diaper. They do have a "powder" scent which I could live without but I have grown used to this after months of using these diapers. I would definitely recommend these diapers even though they are a premium item with a premium price tag.
I love pampers swaddlers. I had already decided we would use them before the boys were born. Then when they had them in the hospital too, it made me love them even more. The detection line is an added bonus...my mom doesn't have the greatest eyesight and was worried about knowing when to change the boys at first. Being able to see the line made it much easier for her. I love the softness and the great fit...no leaks or blowouts as of yet.
I LOVE Pamper Swaddlers! I've tried other diapers and always go back to Swaddlers. They fit perfectly on my daughter, rarely had blow outs, never had a leak.
I tried tge competitive brand and my babys urine would come out and it was just a big mess but pampers are just amazing
So happy they are now for older babies too! Love them :)
Great product! Love pampers!! Would recommend to everyone with newborns!
Pampers are the only diapers I have used with my son that do not leak when he poos. I just wish the price was a little cheaper since I am a single mother going to school.
I LOVE swaddlers diapers. They are so soft for my baby's delicate skin. They also absorb so well! No wet clothes for my baby girl! I will never use another diaper brand other than pampers!!
I used these early on when I was a new mom. I could easily tell if my son was wet without waking him up.
I absolutely love these diapers for my daughter. She has had zero issues with leaking and rashes. I like buying in bulk because it's super affordable.
Pampers are my go to diapers! They're perfect for my baby boy.. Great price for such an outstanding product. Perfect fit and I also love how well it absorbs!
Great quality product. I would definitely recommend!
These are the best diapers ever! Have had two kids and used with both! I use other brands of they were given as a gift but only purchase pampers brand!!!!
Love how they fit my boy. He stays dry for hours! Never had a leek through.
I love pampers I used when he was a baby they aobsorbed great and fit perfectly ,and now that im expecting my 2nd child im definitely going to use these for him..
I love to use these diapers for my son. The Sesame Street stuff is super cute & they fit great!
Love Pampers. The Only Brand I Use for my Two Babys!
We have always used and still use Pampers Wipes! I have tried other brands and Pampers has always held up the best for the biggest messes!
I absolutely love pampers!!! I would recommend them to anyone and do every time one of my friends get pregnant!!
I have tried many other brands and find that Pampers Swaddlers are by far the best diaper.
Great absorbency. Even after 12 hours during the night, baby wakes up with dry clothes.
We absolutely loved these diapers. Our son wore them starting with the preemie size in the NICU up until size 3. So soft and only had leaks when he wore them during the night. We wore them daytime only after he starting sleeping through the night.
My sister used these on my niece five years ago and their quality is still amazing because they absolutely work for us. My daughter never fusses for a diaper change and the wetness indicator makes it easy for my husband (a newbie at changing diapers) to know when it's time to change her. She hasn't gotten a rash and they always fit perfectly. We will definitely continue with this brand and style.
Swaddlers fit my baby like a glove. I love the line that changes to blue to when the baby needs to be changed. I would recommend this brand to a friend.
Pampers swaddlers are the only diapers that my son doesn't wet through overnight. Love them so much.
These are our favorite diapers we have found so far. We seemed to get fewer leaks with these diapers than any other brand.
I keep going back to the Swaddlers for my baby - can't beat them! They keep baby dry and smelling fresh the longest - all night even!
The swaddler is my favorite diaper ever! I know the fit all depends on the baby, but this diaper seems to fit every single baby ever! It's very soft and super absorbent.
Great absorbency and good fit on baby.Pulls away wetness from skin well.
These diapers were a perfect fit for my 4.5 pound baby! Tried others but went back to pampers and will stick with pampers!
Love them would not change to any other diapers and they don't soak through like the other diapers did
This is the best diaper I have ever purchase. Other brands seem to leak but pampers keeps by babies dry.
My baby woke up crying many times at night because of wet diaper, then I switched to pampers swaddlers and he slept peacefully every night. Thank you pampers!
Great product. The color change strip makes it easy to see when baby needs to be changed.
After a 16 year gap in parenting, having our daughter was like starting again for the first time. Choosing Pampers was definitely one of the best choices we could have made in the diaper department, the wetness indicator is such a great help.
Love this brand the best! Love the wetness indicator and how it goes all the way around the diaper. Best idea ever! It's especially helpful with newborns. No more guessing. And it's great to have for providing simple directions to daddy. Lol.
these diapers are so soft and cute. the fit is awesome and the absorbancy is great. would buy them again
We just had baby number two--there was a six year gap between kiddos, so it's been a while since we dealt with diapers. They gave us Huggies at the hospital, seemed to work ok. After we got home from the hospital, we opened up one of the boxes of Pampers that we had received off our baby registry (I used Pampers exclusively with my daughter). The quality and effectiveness and everything was so apparent after the first day! I love Pampers diapers--they are superior in every way to the "other leading brand" diaper. Love!
We have been using Pampers Swaddlers since day one. I love the softness of them. We really love the wetness indicator where the line on the diaper will change from yellow to blue if wet. This has come in very handy when we have someone caring for our daughter. They can easily check to see if she needs to be changed. I highly recommend!
Me and my baby love this diaper down to the way it smells, wet indicator and because she can go all night without a diaper change "hallelujah" more sleep for daddy & me.
Since day one we decided to be open minded & then...when every other diaper failed us & Pampers was the only one that worked for our little man, we haven't turned to any other brands because they don't work, hold, or shape like any other diaper!
Never use any other brand because this one has never let me down!
These are the best! I would recommend these to anyone.
They are excellent i love them. My baby is always dry and happy.
Only diapers I WILL EVER use! Pampers are so pliable
Really like these diapers. Fit really well. Would recommend this.
I have bin using many different brands and was never as happy as the pampers swadlers it's amazing I would recommend this to everyone.
The only diapers that I used since my son birth and now he is 16 months.
Bc they stay so well absorbed my lo stays asleep all night!!!
BEST protection against leaky diapers, best choice for night wear!
I have loved using Pampers Swaddlers. They are the diapers that fit my little man the best; even today at 13 months! I am so glad that swaddlers go up to the bigger sizes.
Pampers are great! I love them! They keep my baby happy and dry!
Have used these diapers for my daughter and son and they work great. No leakage at night and love the stripe indicator.
When I think about the things I want in a diaper for my baby, comfort and protection are the most important. I love the soft pillowy material of Pampers Swaddlers. Also, the shape fits my baby girl perfectly and I know its comfortable for her. I have never had a leak while she was wearing a Pampers Swaddlers diaper, best protection out there!
We loved these diapers--and still do. Our child is now 8 months old (wow that went fast). We've tried cheaper brands, which just weren't worth it--The blow-outs, leaks and subsequent laundry were too much. We even prefer these over other brands that are comparable in price. For our little man--these are the diapers we choose.
We got introduced to these diapers for the first time in hospital and we loved them ever since. Since I had a preemie we had to switch from the newborn to preemie and those diapers work a lot better.
I absolutely love Pampers Swaddlers! My baby has used them since he was born and they never leak and keep him dry all through the night
This product is wonderful in sizes nb to 2 in keeping my child dry. In size 3, we have been having a leaking problem. On the first box, 3 diapers have leaked through although the fit seems secure. We just did begin our second box. This leaking did not occur on the earlier sizes, but the absorbency is not keeping up with him on stage 3. We would change him properly and on his next wetting, about 2 hours later, he would wet through the diaper.
I have used Swaddlers for my little one from birth to 8.5 months. These are byfar my favorite Pampers product.
We started using pampers swaddlers after the hospital gave us a trial pack to use. I had tried other diaper brands with my first and wasn't really impressed. I really like the way these diapers keep my little guy dry it helps him sleep through the night (most of the time) and saves us from needing to change clothes because of a leaky diaper. For now these work great, once he gets more active I might try another type but for now it's nice to have diapers that I know will do their job.
I have tried many diaper brands but the Pampers Swaddlers are my favorite! All the others leaked over night this one did not.
These diapers are our favorite. They have the line indicator of wetness, which we really love to know when the diaper is wet. They also fit my daughter well. We have tried other diapers brands and she had a ton of blowouts in them. These diapers gave us the fewest blowouts because they fit around her legs the best. They're absorbent and keep her dry. I love Pampers diapers.
I loved this diapers for when my baby was a new born only
All pamper diapers are great! We use the regular Swaddlers and the sensitive. They feel the softest compared to other brands. You can also tell that they are quality diapers.
my babies love the diapers they keep them dry all night long and are so comfortable that even when my daughter is playing at her hardest they stay true and flexible.
I have tried most of the other brands and pampers swaddlers fit my baby the best, seem to be more comfortable, and they hold a good amount without leaking. Very satisfied customer!
only diapers we used on our newborn. perfect fit. love the wetness indicator
These have been the only diapers we have gotten for our 6 month daughter since our test/trial period with other diapers. Have been so happy with the quality, fit and dryness of this diaper. There has never been an incident where this diaper could not meet our expectations, even with the messiest diaper change. I'm so happy to use Pampers Swaddlers and highly recommend it to any new parent.
These are my favorite diapers Pampers makes!! The blue detailed line is a genius invention. Since my infant has been wearing diapers these are our go to choice. I highly recommend these for any new moms or first time parents.
Pampers is the only diaper we can use that baby will sleep through the night. She doesn't have leaks or wake up multiple times through the night. We have tried other brands, but always end up coming back to pampers. Thank you!
Swaddlers worked great on our newborn. We didn't have any leaks our accidents when using them!! Well worth our purchase!!
I was very excited to see that the swaddlers brand was now extended to bigger sizes.I have used pampers with all five of my children, they have had sensitive skin to other brands but pampers work for us.
I have tried every brand out and pampers are my favorite.
My daughter loves these pampers swaddlers, they keep her dry.
I can't imagine not having those diapers on day to day basis. We love is and our LO loves them as well. They cover a great portion of his body which guarantees better protection.
Pampers are the only diapers that keep my baby girl sleeping and feeling good all night. She has never leaked through and she is comfortable in them. Will never buy another brand again!
These are the best diapers I've used on my daughter! I would absolutely recommend these diapers over any other!
I started out using Pampers, and they were great. However, when my baby started getting a bad rash, that just wouldn't go away, I switched to Luvs. I wanted to see if it could have been the Pampers brand irritating her. I switched right back. The Luvs would leak and soak her! I'm so glad I changed back. It was not the Pampers causing the rash, and I finally got it cleared up. I will never buy my baby, or anyone else's, anything other than Pampers!
Pamper swaddlers are by far in my own opinion the best diapers a parent could buy for their child. I've tried my daughter in other brand of diapers and they give her a rash, but pampers....they work wonders.
I used Pampers for my first born from day 1. they were the only diaper brand that I could be assured would help reduce accidents, keep him dry, and with the ones we used, the color changing on the Sesame Street pictures, it was easier and faster to tell when he needed to be changed. I've never heard complaints from friends with this brand. but I've heard complaints about other brands. we are expecting our second child in Decemeber and I will continue to stay with Pampers.
I love the swaddlers! I love the indicator that tells me when my little boy is wet. I wish they were a little bit more absorbant , sometimes my baby pees through them and it gets his clothes wet. But for the most part they are great diapers! I love how soft they are too.
I enjoyed using these diapers on my daughter. they are wonderful.
Hold great for over night, wetness indicator is great!
I absolutely love pampers swaddlers. I have a two month old baby girl an they are so soft and they fit her perfectly. They aren't as stuff as other brands can be.
My family love Pampers Swaddlers. We had our first baby in February and you can not beat the quality. We tried others brands that we had received from our shower and we love the way Pampers stay on as well as the dryness, it is un-beatable! With a newly mobile baby we can trust that his pamper won't wiggle or slid off and the handy wet strip helps dad a lot! Overnights are no problem either which helps cause middle of the night changes mean middle of the night play time. Thanks for making a product that makes parenthood a little easier.
We have only used swaddlers for our little guy at the recommendation of a friend, and are so happy with them! They keep the contents of even the messiest diapers contained Love them!
What is not to LOVE with the indicator line and are ideal for newborns and material is soft and gentle on skin and you can tell from the outside of the diaper if baby is wet how convenient right
My husband and I have no complaints with this product! They are soft and absorbant. Babies bottom stays dry! We have twin girls and haven't had any problems with these diapers!
My newborn sleeps on her side and I've been having issues with her diaper leaking. I switched to these diapers and I haven't had an issue since. I once had to replace my daughter's crib sheets three times in one night! It was awful and now I'm so happy her diaper locks in all the wetness.
Awesome products they always have what our kids need with a 2,1,and 3 month old they always have there needs we've used sensitive and swaddlers and love them both!!!
With my first daughter we tried every brand of diapers, and none were as good as Pampers. The quality is always great, super soft, and best absorbancy. Experienced lots of leaks with other brands and had to stick with Pampers because I don't have leaking problems with them. Now that our second child is on the way, we know which diapers to buy to stock up on and we will not be disappointed!
Our family LOVES pampers swaddlers! I love that they added larger sizes so my daughter can wear them up until she is potty trained! They are soft, durable and have NO LEAKAGE! Only diapers we buy! Also, it is great price, especially when they send you coupons!
Swaddlers are the best! Love using them in the daytime. Love the wet indicator.
I'm very pleased with Pamper! Before I started using Pamper, the other brands would have my little one waking up twice during the night completely wet. But with Pamper, she sleeps all night and mommy get a goodnight sleep! I would recommend Pamper to everyone!!
We were given swaddlers in the hospital. We briefly switched to huggies but they did fit her well. I love the swaddlers softness and wetness indicator and they are gentle in her skin. Plus the side flaps guve us extra room
These are now the only diapers I will put on my newborn! They're extremely soft and are able to hold much more than any other brand diaper that I have tried! Plus, the indicator wetness strip really helps out my husband :)
I love the line that changes color, especially at night that now my almost 3 mi th old does not have dirty/wet diapers, they are the best to know when to change him
I used these when my daughter was a new born and I was a new mom. As a new mom I was still learning and the indicator helped me so much because I knew when that line was blue she needed changed. I then learned the time line of her diaper changing. I also love that these had a tight fit when she was itty bitty and now that she is a chubby butt they are not tight and leave marks! Pampers have always pulled through for me as a new mom and helped me through the first couple months of my journey as a new parent.
The only diapers my son can wear. So comfortable for him,never leaks through them and great for his sensitive skin. I'm 6 months pregnant and will be using these with my next son as well ! Love pampers swaddlers
Truly a great product and I would recommend it to family and friends!
First time mother here and of course I was unsure as to which diaper brand to go with. I spoke to many other moms out there and each had their own favorites. I tried Huggies diapers and on more than one occasion my baby's mess would come right out into and onto her onesie! I was going back and forth between Huggies and Pampers. Once I was done with the pack of Huggies I never went back. With Pampers Swaddlers I had no mess to worry about. Everything stayed in the diaper (knock on wood) and diaper rashes were rare and far between. The bands were also adjustable to wrap around your baby's belly ever so softly.
I was given pampers as a gift at my shower and had a couple free samples of other brands. I quickly realized we would be a pampers family. Friends have told me the key to not too many blow outs is a good quality diaper. I have found that in pampers!
My son has a super sensitive backside, these are the only diapers that do not stick to his butt
No other diapers fit my baby right like pampers swaddlers.Pampers knows exactly how to make there diapers the right size. Thank you
I started out with Huggies for my son and he always leaked through them, I decided to try Pampers and never a single leak! I am going to use this for every child I have from now on :)
I absolutely love these diapers! My daughter was born at 6 lbs 2.8 oz and is too big for premie diapers. Pampers Swaddlers Newborn fit her perfectly! I was given Huggies Newborn diapers as well and they are bigger than the Pampers I am using. They are absorbent and they don't leave markings on my baby's legs, even though she moves around alot when she is awake and sleeps with her legs bunched up.
I love these diapers they are my favorite they never leak and the fit it amazing
Loved swaddlers when my 2 year old was an infant. They were soft and gentle on her skin. Pampers is the only thing we buy!
We have twins and we used these diapers years ago. We are about to have a new baby and we will use the same. Great brand.
When we brought our twins home we had several boxes of diapers from our baby showers. We had Several different brands, and used them all.. Pampers swaddlers quickly became our favorite a dis the only brand we buy.
Great fit non irrataing love the feel so soft blanket like material . Happy for new bigger sizes
Its amazing ,I used it for my 3 children ,and I always trust it.
Pamper Swaddlers are hands down the best diapers we have used. Never had an issue with leakage or them fitting properly. Highly recommend to other mothers.
The diapers work very good through out the night baby stays sleeping all night!
I tried using buggies for my baby the we're to rough I switched to pampers N my baby N I are happier because she's comfy and dry...love love love
I really like the wetness indicator because I dont have to take off the diaper to see if my child peed. This makes it very convenient for me. I also like that you get points with every pampers product :)
These diapers have been a great choice for my newest addition my only concern is that because they are so absorbent my child never lets me know when she is wet.
Wenused the huggie newborn diapers for a few days but loved the pampers even more!
I never faced a leak with this diaper. Quality is excellent and overall I am very satisfied with this product.
We love the pampers swaddlers! They are super soft, and fit good.
I nannied for several years for a family who used Pampers, so I knew that when I had a baby, I would use them too. They have been great! Very few blowouts and I love the wetness indicator.
I just had my third child and since day one we've used pampers swaddlers! They work absolutely great!
I wanted a diaper that was soft yet durable for my newborn's delicate skin, this is it!!! Perfect
I love these because my son can sleep without having to be bothered with dryness during the night and long naps. Awesome experience with product.
I am a first time mom and when I was in the hospital I was given these diapers. When I got home I tried lugs and huggies and by far I love these swaddled the best. I love the wetness indicator.
These are great for newborns and fit well. They fit a bit bigger than the other big name brand and the strip is awesome for knowing if your newborn needs their diaper changed. The only complaint is the price. I would pay for the convenience when they are a newborn but for older babies it would be too expensive.
I have used Pampers Swaddlers since day one with my son and every other diaper ive tried havent come close to comparing to Pampers fit, absorbency, and the wetness indicator! My son has never even had diaper rash and i think these diapers have played a big part in that! I would highly recommend these to any new mom!
I used Pampers Swaddlers on my baby 12 years ago and again with this baby. I've tried numerous types of diapers and pamper Swaddlers are the only thing that have ever kept my baby dry and fit without leaving marks around her chunky little legs.
We often think cloth diapers are the best for babies to avoid rashes .. We'll hear this from me, pampers are the next best thing, if not better!
The pampers swaddlers fits well n let's me not to worry About my child being in comfortable!
I tried another brand on my daughter and it gave her a rash and it leaked everytime. So I switched back to Pampers and the only time we had leaks were when we had to go up a size.
They stay dry for a long time, my daughter never woke up due to a dirty diaper during the night.
Got other diapers from a shower and my child cries when wet but doesn't with swaddlers!!
We received several different brands of diapers as baby gifts...by far the Pampers Swaddlers are the best!
Great diapers for infant to toddler . I will recommend
My daughter can only use pampers.and i love them . I buy in bulk and stock . I dont have to worry about them leaking or if a size is gonna fit.
I have used Pampers Swaddlers since my baby girl was born. I tired another product and was very unimpressed. I will continue to use Pampers until my baby girl is potty trained.
I loved Swaddlers when my baby was tiny, and I was sad that they only went to a size 3 when my oldest was a baby. They are so soft, and put white. I missed them. So glad moms can now keep their babies in Swaddlers for as long as they wear diapers!
We transitioned to these from Huggies and do not regret the move. Only complaint is that to color indicator does not always change for a wet diaper.
I love this diaper since I been using them i don't have any problem with leaks and with the indicator I know when to change it I just love them!
i couldn't have made it without these diapers. with huggies my son peed right thru... with pampers swaddlers I get the protection and comfort my baby needs
keeps baby dry and happy, love the wetness indicator, fits my baby great
The Swaddlers take all the guessing out of when it's time to change the diaper! They fit nice and snug around the legs and waist without leaving a mark plus, they keep the moisture away from the baby's skin! Love these diapers and won't go back to any others! Fewer outfit changes due to "overflow" doesn't happen often in my house any more!
I've tried all the name brands and a few generic/store brands. Of all five that I tried, pampers allows for the least amounts of spills. They aren't 100% but we cannot realistically expect perfection. Every baby is different so every fit will be a little different. But there are a lot fewer outfit changes due to "overflow" now that I use Pampers exclusively.
We just had our second daughter and knew we wouldn't trust any other brand of diaper. Pampers Swaddlers are gentle on sensitive newborn skin, yet strong enough to prevent leaks all night. I love the indicator strip that changes color when it's wet, it makes it to much easier to check if she needs a change.
I am a first time mother; however, i was introduced to Pampers over 20 years ago, my mom have been using it for my siblings and nothing but great quality. I gave birth 5 months ago to my lovely daughter and as any other mother i was concerned about her skin not to get irritated but Pampers proved they care for babies as well as mothers through their products. The diaper fit really well and now she is using size 2, i am a headache free because there is no leaking what so ever, no irritation, great absorption as she takes long hours of sleep.
When my son was born in January 2014 the first brand/kind of diapers I tried from the large stockpile of different brands/types of diapers I received from my baby shower and the quality set the bar high as to what to expect from a reliable diaper. My son has never had a leak or seepage from wearing Swaddlers like he did every time he wore a Huggies or other brand diaper. These diapers fit him perfectly & kept everything in. The only issue I have with Pampers brand is that they are the most expensive diaper -and by a good bit- of all the brands out there. I definitely prefer Pampers & would use them everyday if I could but my meager income does not allow me to afford them constantly but other than that, I love everything about these diapers!!
We've been using Pampers Swaddlers since Preemie was born. She spent 2 months in the NICU and Swaddlers were the trusted choice of our hospital. Preemie is now 16 months old and Swaddlers remains our number one choice for being the softest and driest diaper. Preemie sleeps about 12 hours overnight and never wakes up wet. This allows her and me to get a good nights sleep. And now that they are available up to a size 6, her big sister can continue using Swaddlers too until she completes her potty training days.
I have a 6 month old little girl and we use the pampers baby dry at night . They do a wonderful job at keeping her dry though the 10 to 12 hours she sleeps. Great fit and the absorbency really is what they say. Love these for anytime use but especially at night!
Pampers Swaddlers are my absolute favorite diapers for brand new babies. They fit well and are extremely absorbent. They are soft and gentle on baby's skin too. I was so excited to see that Pampers now offers Swaddlers in larger sizes as well. I love that it allows me to keep my baby in the diapers I love for a longer period of time. (They are amazing at soaking up and containing those mushy messes!)
This kind of product is very fit for my twins. They just born for 1 weeks , and follow my friends suggestion, I used this kind of product. It feel so soft and dry very fast . It's very good , I will suggest other moms to use it .
I absolutely love Pampers Swaddles for my little ones. They have been worth every penny.
The Pampers Swaddlers as well as all of the Pampers diapers that I've tried, are great for my daughter with sensitive skin. These are the only brand of diapers we will purchase!
This is the one that didnt give our baby any rashes. They are great but a little pricey
I first used Pampers Swaddlers Diapers on my first child at the hospital. I had tried a few other brands but I know why the hospital uses these diapers because they are the very best for all babies!
These are the only diapers that we use on our daughter. They keep her dry throughout the whole night.
Had several types given as gifts at my shower, tried them but always came back to the swaddlers. They are by far worth every penny!
I use this for my little baby. She loves it! It helps her sleep well at night!
As a new mom I love the blue line indicator of a wet diaper! It takes the guessing put of diaper changes! Extremely helpful!
I've tried other brand diapers and I go with PAMPERS all the way. Huggies is just terrible and leaks all the time. I buy pamper diapers and wipes and will continue to do so. <3
We really love our Swaddlers diapers! We've been using them since our son was born because they were what the hospital used.
I really like the color indicator because sometimes I'm just not sure why my son is crying and it helps me to eliminate my choices if I have a dry yellow line.
We've tried Huggies but I really don't like the fit and Luvs get gross and soggy.
Pampers Swaddlers hold in the wetness and have the best fit. I know they can be more expensive but it's worth the price for certain.
Love these! So soft and absorbent, my baby's never had a diaper rash.
As a hands-on grandparent, Pampers Swaddlers have been easy to put on and secure. Their fit and absorption quality come in handy when changing a "squirmmer". They've made my most enjoyable "job" that much easier. Thanks!
We got started on swaddlers at the hospital. I can't reiterate enough how much we love these diapers. We got a pack of Huggies for our shower, and decided to use them up after we ran out of swaddlers. Huge mistake. Leaks, blowouts, tears. We hated them, our baby hated them. We didn't even use the whole pack and bought a new box of swaddlers pretty quickly. We buy these by the giant box because they prove to be a way better value than any other brand. Our baby is able to go the entire night without needing a diaper change because they're so absorbent. Don't waste your money on any other diaper, stick with pampers.
We have tried just about every diaper for our sweet girl, so far she leaked out of them all. Except for Pampers! They fit great and keep her dry enough to sleep through the night.
I love the Pampers Swaddlers! I have tried other brands and they just leak through. Also, other brands seems too thick to the point where the baby can't even move properly. But my favorite part is the wetness indicator. It saves me time and it's just so convenient.
Pampers Swaddlers is the diaper the hospital staff used after our daughter was born. We loved them. The fit has always been perfect and the indicator line makes it easy to know when she is wet.
Pampers are the only diaper that will keep my little guys dry (3 months & 19 months). Have tried other brands but always go back to pampers!!
I tried huggies and they just do not fit and absorb the way pampers do! I will only buy pampers from now on
I love how much the diaper can absorb I also love the fact that I can see when my baby has peed. She's really comfortable in pampers.
I wouldn't change brand ever!
Thanks pampers
I've tried many types of diapers since so many were given to me. But my husband and I always go back to pampers
I have been using this pampers swadlers, really working great to my kid ang he never Had any diaper rash till now so I really love it.
We tried huggies, luvs, cosco and a couple other brands and fell in love with pampers. The hospital used pampers and even though they were a bit big because the hospital used ones instead of newborns we loved them. We still tried the other brands because we got them as gifts and hated them! They all leaked! We Gave away all the other diapers we opened and bought large boxes of pampers! The wet strip indicator is awesome and the legs fit her so much better. Sounding like a pampers fan girl but this first time Mommy is hooked
We used pampers with my older children and tried them again with our third! We were very happy with this product! Our 2 year old has only had two leaks and one of those times was when we tried a different brand!
I've been using diapers for almost 2 years now with my one and only son.
So I tried pretty much all of them out there. I had multiple different brands at one in my home. But Pampers, they are the ones I ended up picking.
Never disturbed him in his sleep with a wet diaper (unless he really over did it of course). They feel so soft to the touch. I don't like those diapers that make like a crunchy noise when you move them around. It just doesn't sound comfy. They move with him amazingly well. He's been walking since about 6 months old and zero problems with the diaper.
Pampers Swaddlers Newborn size fits my daughter who was 6 pounds 6 oz at birth perfectly. She is now three weeks old and still fits this size perfectly. They have never leaked! We love the yellow line that turns blue if the diaper is wet, which makes for an easy check. The Elmo and Big Bird designs are cute. Would recommend Pampers above Huggies any day. The only Huggies diaper we used resulted in a wet onesie and crib sheet in the middle of the night:( Nothing but the best for our baby!
Love that we can find the diapers in a size 4! If you haven't used swaddled yet please do!
I like these they are very soft and I like the wetness indicator on the smaller sizes
Only diaper I will buy for my 9 mo old daughter.
Only suggestion i have is the make the sides that go around the legs stretchier. My baby has some thunder thighs and this area get a little snug at times. But we still love them. They keep her dry all night long 8-10 hours at night. Never leaked.
Keeps baby dry and are a great fit, no complaints.
Between my sisters and myself we have had 7 babes in pampers swaddlers diapers. I couldn't even begin to count the cases we have bought, I just broke into a case of size 3's and found every other diapers has one of its tabs sewn into the quiltting. It can not be pulled out without ripping the diaper or tab off. I am a little disappointed, I have never minded paying more for this brand because you receive great quality. quality control was not put to its fullest potential with this case. I hope this does not happen again and was resolved on your end. I have pictures if someone would like to see them
My husband and I have tried so many different brands of diapers because they were given to us at the baby showers. We have hated every single brand except pampers! Pampers has excellent absorbency , and it fits so well! The indicator lines on the swaddlers are so amazing! Specially for my husband since that the only way he can tell if our son peed lol! I won't ever buy any other brand!
These are the only diapers we use! The helpful blue line lets us know when he needs to be changed. This has helped my husband a ton!
I absolutely love Pampers Swaddlers! Nothing else I have tried can compare to the quality of these diapers. These do not leak like other diapers. The absorbency and fit surpassed any expectations I had. This is the diaper to buy for your newborn!
I have not had issues with these diapers. My son wore Swaddlers when he was a newborn and they worked very well. He never had a diaper rash either"
I love the Pampers Swaddlers with the wetness indicator! With a new grandbaby it takes all the guess work out of when she is wet and in need of a change. No more sticking your finger in and checking to see how wet they are.
I really like these pampers. My daughter is always dry and happy.
I had received several brands of diapers for my baby shower, but Pampers has by far been the best. While other brands tend to not fit my baby very well and ALWAYS leak, Pampers Swaddlers fit my baby comfortably and we have never had any leaks!
These pampers were great when my son was a newborn, they are not absorbant enough now that he is 10 months.
These are my absolute favorite diaper brand. I love, love, LOVE these diapers. They are a bit pricey for my personal budget so unfortunately I am forced to buy a cheaper brand but if money we're no object I'd stick with pampers religiously.
We love pampers swaddles diapers because of how soft they are!
Pampers swaddlers very true to size. I love that the diaper kind of absorbs in the urime for extra dryness for my little one. Also the line indicating he has used the bathroom is my favorite.
Great price for a great product!
Pampers Swaddlers are my favorite of the brand. These diapers feel like fluffy pillows, so I know my baby is extremely comfortable when he wears them. I also love the fact that these diapers keep my little one dry. I recommend that all moms and dads try Pampers Swaddlers at least once, they are simply amazing!
The best diapers we've used for our newborn twin daughters. Every other diaper would leak every time our girls pooped. The Pampers rarely did. They contained almost all the blowout poops. Only time we had leaks was if the diaper was too full. Will always recommend this brand to all parents.
As a new mom, you're always skeptical on which product would be best for your baby. Pampers Swaddlers definitely put my uneasiness to rest! I will never use another diaper brand. Great fit, no leakage, overall great diaper.
We love the Swaddlers diapers, they hardly ever leak even when our baby was a newborn. They fit great and are really comfortable for our little boy.
Love the way it let's you know your baby needs to be changed. They fit great and are good on the skin!
I use it on my daughter everyday, never leaks. I am very satisfied with it.
I only use the swaddler when my children was newborn to maybe 1 month. It leaked a lot.
The only type of diapers that I use for my little ones is Swaddlers. They are the only diapers that I found found that do not leak! It's a must for your baby.
Very high quality good for the babies, very soft love it
I feel these are the best diapers. I have a 5 month old son, and I'm sure you know just how often they use a diaper. I'm also learning how much a diaper can absorb. I've tried the leading brands and they just don't compare. Especially at night when he sleeps 6-8 hours. These have never failed me. They latch well with no loose sides. The elasticity is superior to the other leading brands. These are the diapers for us! I am pleased !
The pampers are the best! They are soooo soft and I feel like my baby is wearing a blanket and its great they added bigger sizes! The wetness indicator helps when my husband is the one to check if she is wet because if she's just a little wet you can not even tell with this diaper unless you look at the indicator. I wish it was not so expensive but I guess it's worth it!
I love the way they fit and how comfortable they are for my child! Great choice!!!! :)
great diapers very soft keeps baby dry love the designs and that they have elmo on them
Pampers were our first choice (especially since the hospital gave us a few packs on our departure). They are super absorbent and the fit is great. We tried other brands because of the price and always went back to Pampers. I'm a first time mom so we're definitely learning. However, for baby #2 Pampers will be all the baby wear.
I have use different brands but Pampers seems to fit my baby better than others and absorbs very good.
Awesome for my one month old son. Never leaks out like Huggies do. Fits on him really good too! He is still in newborns.
I've been using Pampers Swaddlers since the day my 7-month-old was born. It's the brand they used in the hospital, and the brand we've been depending on ever since. The wetness indicator is wonderful, the softness lets me know my baby is comfortable, and the absorbency lets my little one sleep through the night without waking up with a leaky diaper.
These diapers always keep my baby dry, and he is a big boy. He eats a lot and therefor wets his diaper a lot. He stays dry even throughout the night.
I love how soft and real they feel, the cotton feel is great and always keeps my baby dry.
pampers swaddlers is soft and always fits my baby well. never had an accidental leakage. always trust pampers!
I have used Pamper's since my baby was in the hospital in NICU. Our hospital sent us home with some and nothing else works as great as Pampers. I have tried other brands to save money but now only use Pampers. Nothing else works as well as Pampers.
Would only use these diapers, nothing else comes close on quality and protection
Pampers is a good product for my child because it makes him feel comfortable.It is good for all babies.Thanks
i like this produ ct but too high price so i wish make less price i mdelclass family
The best diapers the only ones I will use on my child who is Autistic. Love them.
I bought these diapers in size #1 for my 1.5 month-old baby who weighs about 9 pounds. These diapers are great!
Love the wetness indicator line onPampers diapers.
had a hard time finding a diaper my newborn wouldnt soak through, and pampers swaddlers was the perfect diaper for us!
I love pampers swaddlers diapers, it was soft and fit for my kid
Swaddlers are a great diaper. Very absorbent and having the blue line indicator is very helpful.
Although I have been notorious for buying store brand everything due to our budget, there is nothing that compares to the value and power of Pampers. I swear by them and make all my FTM friends return any diapers they got as gifts and go with Pampers
I've sampled other brands before and nothing compares to the quality of Pampers. They work the best for my son and I will use it for my future children as well!
We tried other name brand diapers and it was a nightmare. With Pampers Swaddlers night were great and no daytime droopy pants.
Great product! Has never leaked. Baby sleeps through the night.
The Pampers swaddlers diapers are great quality as usual!
Love these diapers! They are amazing and fit my daughter perfectly so no leaks!
Just as described it was soft and worked well for my child.
These fit the best and I can trust my chid will not have any accidents!
I always choose pampers. This amount of diapers is perfect. Once she's done with these ones she'll be in the next size. So this box is perfect for average size babies without wasting any. I don't have any leakage problems. they keep her dry happy and diaper rash free.
I have tried all sorts of other diapers for my kids and these work the best, especially the sensitive swaddlers for when they are new babies!
Pampers swaddlers absorb great & fit my son well! I also like they are soft against his skin.
I like how it has the color changing indicator for wetness.
The swaddler diapers are very soft and super absorbent. I enjoyed using these with my daughter and continued to use the swaddler brand until she grew out of them. They by far are my favorite diapers.
The line that turns green is so smart. It's easy to just check for a green line
the quality of the diapers is good.
It just fits my baby and seldom leak.
I love these diapers !! When I see blue , I know when too change well except for those killer number 2s .
The best diapers period! We've tried other brands but Swaddlers are the winner! Highly recommend!
We love these diapers. They are the softest available and the wetness indicator is helpful. I would recommend them for anyone.
Love the softness and comfort it provides for my baby.
Is my first baby and it keeps my baby very dry, and are very soft. Im very happy with this brand.
Pampers Swaddlers fit great and stay dry all night. I like the wet detection and the cut out where the umbilical chord is.
I love the flexibility of the swaddlers and they have great overnight absorbancy.
These are the only diapers I use for my son. He has sensitive skin and these diapers never break him out and they always fit perfectly. The wetness indicator is a huge convenience and added bonus.
I was given samples of pampers swaddlers at the hospital where my son was born. I noticed how comfortable & dry my son was overnight when I would check his diaper. I have recommended this product to my friends who are expecting to have their babies later this summer. I am very satisfied, because my baby is so comfortable.
Love these diapers. My child has been in swaddlers since he was born. Scared to change him to any other brand.
These are the best diapers for my baby and probably yours too!!
Tried numerous brands of diapers for my little one but turned out this product is the best for my baby as it is so soft and it is easy to check if changing is necessary.
I love these pampers! Great fit and absorbancy! The wetness indicator is a bonus! Totally recommend.
Pampers Swaddlers are great for your newborn, soft, very absorbent and come in cute Sesame Street designs. They come with yellow line that changes to blue as an indicator that the diaper is wet or soiled and is really helpful to let you know when you need to change the diaper without much fuss. Two thumbs up from me!
From day one my baby wears pampers
Diapers it's the best out there! It's worth every dollar! Go pampers
My kids have very sensitive skin the minimum sweat gives them harsh rashed and i love this diapers they are comfy and they don't make them sweat these are the only diapers that keep my kids rash free.
My daughter was born 3 weeks early, and was semi-small at 6 lbs 10 oz, and she has very sensitive skin. We tried Pampers Swaddlers diapers and have been extremely impressed at how they are so soft and keep her dry. She is now 16 months old and still going strong with the swaddlers! Even after trying other brands to experiment, we always came back and will continue to recommend them to our friends! They have been a blessing at keeping her dry and comfortable, and the wetness indicator is really nice for new parents as well!
When we were in the hospital having our daughter the used pampers swaddlers. Now it's one of my top choices in Pamper's diapers!
Nothing better for my newborn! These diapers are the only kind I will buy.
I love all of pampers products and I feel they are made with love and a mother's touch thank you again pampers for being their when moms need you.
I have tried many brands of diapers and feel pampers are the absolute best. Even when given other brands of diapers as gifts, I always return to pampers. Greatest fit, absorbancy, and leak protection.
Love, love these diapers. Soft, thin and excellent absorbency.
The hospital I was in provided pampers swaddlers and pampers wipes and that's what we stuck with cause we loved everything about them, thanks for such an amazing product!
They fit my daughter perfect and they don't leak and they aren't tight around my daughters legs and when she fills them they don't sage her clothes and doesn't make her slide out of them.
I love pampers. Won't buy anything else. They are very soft and absorb well.
Great diapers! I would recommend them to anyone! Thanks Pampers!
These are the best diapers for newborn to 6 months, and I used them for both of my children. They are as soft as cloth diapers, and as absorbent as a premium diaper should be.
I have identical twins at home, been using the pampers since they were size P!!
One of the only brands that make Preemie diapers, absoulty love them! However i do wish they made cruisers in size 2's as my kids have been leaking thru the swaddlers.
I love these diapers and how they fit around my baby
I absolutely recommend these diapers are soft and comfortable for my baby and keep his skin dry without a rash.
My daughter was born right in between newborn and premie sizes. These diapers are smaller than other newborn diapers so they fit great. They're soft, and they don't leak! The Huggies version didn't fit right and seemed to be cheaply made. The tabs would come open, they leaked, and they were so bulky they looked uncomfortable. I took them back to get the Pampers Swaddlers. These are the only diapers I use. The way they are designed just makes more sense.
We started out with swaddlers for our little guy and then switched to the Kirkland brand to try and save money. NOT WORTH IT! We will be using swaddlers until we don't need to anymore! Not a single blow out with swaddlers!!
good quality. I like that it does not leak when pamper is full
We love Pamper's swaddlers. We have tried several other brands and NOTHING holds up to the swaddlers. We would have daily #1 and #2 leaks out of the other brands. They are also not as soft as the swaddlers, some do not have wetness indicators, and they do not have the pleasant soft scent like the swaddlers. While they are more expensive, we will continue to "splurge" and purchase the swaddlers as they have been the most reliable and comfortable diapers for our son.
These are the softest out there. Tried others but they felt plasticky, Swaddlers feels more like cloth. Sometimes overnight they got soooo full (when baby slept 12 hours), but rarely leaked.
We use baby dry at night and swaddlers during the day. Baby dry keeps our LO dry all night as she is now sleeping for 12 hours at night. Love how she can sleep without any worries about leaks. We love pampers and won't try any other brand!!
We recieved our first few diapers from the hospital. There is a reason that they given them out after the delivery of your child. These diapers are great, they are solft and absorb well. They can handle those sticky black stools for the first few days and everything after that.
I have tried all other diapers and i will ONLY use pampers swaddlers. Everything else seems chemically produced and gives off an unpleasant odor. Plus these diapers keep her bum dry!
I definitely recommend them to everyone. Best diapers ever
I'm a first time mom but I was a baby sitter at one point and love pampers swaddlers, now I use them for my son and they work amazingly on like other brands I've tried.
I love Pampers because they have the yellow/blue line so I know when baby girl has gone to the bathroom. They fit great and I like the material of the diapers over Huggies. Love them!
I'm a first time mom and I wouldn't use any other brand. Pampers keeps my baby dry and I don't have to wake her up to change her at night.
I absolutely love this brand and the swaddlers especially. I used the Pampers Swaddlers until my daughter started using pull ups and now she uses the Pampers Pull Ups.
Love these diapers and swaddlers, no other brand has worked for my son.
My baby is so squirmy and these are so easy to get on her. They hold a lot and we've yet to have a blow out, even when worn overnight without a change.
This is literally the only diapers I put my baby in. If I buy diapers for other babies at baby showers, I won't settle for anything less!
I have been using Pampers Swaddlers since my 7 month old daughter was born. I tried a few other brands of diapers and they were did not come close to comparing to Swaddlers. I will never buy anything else for my daughter.
These are, hands down, my favorite diaper. Im considering cloth diapering my next baby due soon. But, either way, i will definitely be getting a big box of swaddlers in size 1!
These diapers are by far superior to other diapers on the market for newborns. We used them exclusively with both my boys until they were toddlers. These were a staple in our house. Now for baby shower gifts it's what I get for new mommies!
We have used nothing else but Swaddlers for our 11 month old son. Very absorbent, easy on off and no leakage. We absolutely love them!
We are two months out from having our third child and the Pampers Swaddlers are the only diapers we will consider for the newborn stage. We tried almost all of the diapers out there with our first and love these! Would recommend to anyone having a baby!
They have always been the best choice- good fit, and great absorbency. They may be pricier than some other brands, but they are worth the extra money.
I absolutely LOVE these diapers! The cottony feel, the softness, the way it allows my little guy to move freely, the way the diaper conforms to his body without water-logging. And a sensitive option for sensitive babies, too! Get yours today. You won't regret it.
We can only use swaddlers! They are the best! Dry diaper=happy baby! Love the strip to show if the diaper is wet.
These diapers may be a little on the pricier side, but I haven't had too many problems with leaks since using them. I've tried other diapers and I was having issues with blowouts. These diapers allow my child to have adequate coverage while leaving him comfortable.
I love Pampers Swaddlers. My daughter stays dry and rash free due to the mesh lining net. I am so grateful to have found diapers like these! Thanks Pampers! Keep it up!
We have only used two types of diapers, pampers swaddlers and huggies. Both work great! I do think the pampers fit our baby better around the legs. Only two leaking issues and I think it was operator error. Love the wetness indicator, decreases guessing game with diaper changes.
We used luvs and hated them. Pampers swaddled are the best dipers we use and they absorb everything and they don't leak!
I love pampers. We have been using them since our babies birth and have had no problems!!!
These diapers are by far the best available. Pay the extra money and get swaddlers!
It has great absorbency keeping my baby dry. Easy to use
Love the swaddlers they are soft for my baby and keep him dry even overnight when his diaper becomes really swollen.
This diaper is great quality! No rashes, no smells, no leaks! I have used it on both my children and would continue to use it if I had more babies.
love this brand, only diapers I will put my baby boy in and i've tried to parents choice as well as huggies and will never leave this brand again.
We used these diapers in the hospital with both of my sons. They are so soft
My daughter used these from the time she was just about 3 months to just recently when we switched to Pampers Baby Dry because of how big she'd gotten, but these come VERY highly recommended from me! I absolutely LOVED them! They're very soft, comfortable fitting diapers and they always kept her dry through the night. Never once did any thing come through them and the wetness line indicator was very helpful, as I was a first time mom and wasn't sure at first how often to change her diaper!
As a new mom, I had no idea what kind of diaper to use. I received all kinds from baby showers, so I thought I would just try them all! The brand our hospital used was pampers swaddlers. I knew I could trust their choice, but just to be sure, I tried Huggies and other brands. We went through some rough days of leaks before we just gave up and went back to the brand that we trust. Pampers Swaddlers are our go-to diaper and I wouldn't have it any other way.
I am a mother of two, I have been using the brand Pampers since 2012 and I love it. I am currently using Swaddlers for my one month old. They absorb pretty well.
We've tried other diapers before and had plenty of accidents. With these pretty much none.
By far my favorite diaper for our little man. Love the line that changes when soiled. Even after a full night of use he still feels dry when diaper is removed!
By far my favorite diaper for our little man. Love the line that changes when soiled. Even after a full night of use he still feels dry when diaper is removed!
these are what we have always put our girls in, nothing else has worked as well!
I will never use any pampers other than pampers swaddlers i would be wasting my time and my money if I used any other brand love these!
Only diapers I use and would recommend!!! No blow outs or leaks yet to date!!!
As a new mom who's pretty busy with work and home life, I wanted a good diaper product I could rely on. The Swaddlers has been the best by far, and I've never had to deal with diaper rash while my baby boy wears these diapers. They're sturdy, they don't leak and they last through-out the night while he sleeps.
Got a pack of these at my baby shower. The absorption is awesome and I'm not super worried about needing to change my son's diaper in the middle of the night. My only issue with them is that they tend to stick to his bottom after he poops... but baby powder seems to help with that.
The only brand that has worked for both of my girls.
Love these diapers. They are a great product for babies. Highly recommend them.
These diapers are so much better than Huggies. Every diaper change my little one leaked through his clothe and blankets. With pampers there's less change of clothes and blankets to wash.
Pampers has been my favorite brand of diaper
Since my baby was born. More absorbent & more reliable than Huggies.
great stuff!
The product itself does it's job well. I like the mesh liner and how quickly they absorb. You can't go wrong especially with this bundle.
This bundle was perfect! Sending a baby gift to my sister in law while being in Alaska is not easy. Everything here is expensive and takes forever to ship. This amazing gift came with a large quantity and arrived to the the mother to be 6days early!! She was so happy to receive this! And the price was perfect.
Pampers are a great product, and this is a good price. They ship in the box with no extra wrapping, though, and the box looks a little dinged (bashed), but seeing they don't break, I'm fine.
The newborn diapers are great but if my son is laying down they can frequently leak up his back.
Not only is the pampers brand good, the dryness and absorption leaves your baby's skin feeling soft and smooth
As a Mom, I loved this diaper. It fit my son perfectly. I really liked the wetness indicator, it was my favorite part about the Swaddler diaper. I also liked the Absorb Away Liner. I definitely recommend this diaper.
We have 4-month-old twins, so we have had many brands of diapers given to us. We use them, because babies need diapers... but when we buy diapers, we buy Pampers. We love the wetness indicator and Absorb Away Liner that help us keep our babies clean and dry. My husband especially appreciates the yellow Velcro closures for changing diapers in low light. Finding a same-color tab can be pretty difficult when you don't have your glasses - or a lamp - on. Pampers fit our little ones very well and are the best diapers we have tried.
I love to use these diapers because of the consistent quality that I can depend on from Pampers. They take the guess-work out of the first monthes when new parents are bonding and learning all about their newest addition. For us these diapers allowed DH to help change our boys and learn their movement schedule. He is confident that as we are expecting a girl, he will be able to do the same and not make a big mess. Thanks for a product we can trust.
I have a seven week old and these are the diapers that the hospital used and sent home with us. We had some other brands we had gotten at showers and ended up exchanging the unopened boxes for Pampers because the wetness protection was so much better. I highly recommend them! Dry, happy baby =happy mama!
Swaddlers do just as they state, they swaddle your little one and give them that extra sense of being close to mommy. The tabs overlap and still stick without coming loose much like a lot of other brands. The wetness indicator strip is a huge plus.
I love this pampers until size 3 then I change to cruisers since they fit better. Cruiser had good absorbency.
I love these and they absorb very well.. Unfortunately they are prone to blowouts (as most diapers are) but these seem to have it every time.
I love how the diapers fit on my ds. The swaddles come with the stripes for the front and back which are nice to look at quickly before a change is needed. We have used them since day one and have had very few blow outs.
They fit nice and are very flexible, unlike off brands that tend to be too stiff.
Worked great, did not leak. The swaddlers seem to work better than other brands.
With other brands, my so would leak out of them onto his clothes. That never happens with swaddlers
As new parents my husband and I did not know anything about babies. But it was lovely to see my husband look at the band to see if it had changed color, indicating that my child was wet.
This is the only diaper we used when our son was a newborn. The wetness indicator was great for avoiding avoiding hassle. They are very soft and do not irritate baby's skin. As these are more expensive we did find other pampers diapers to do the trick as he got bigger and less sensitive.
Definitely recommmend! High absorbency and great fit!
Diapers work really well, especially for plain wet diapers. Ok for the watery bm newborns have while breast feeding... Good for sensitive skinned babies!
I had my baby girl almost 9 month ago.. From the beginning I used Pampers Swaddlers.
I just love this diaper, never leaks!!
I try different ones like Luves and Huggies and never had the same satisfaction as from Swaddlers.
Good diaper for infants absorbs we'll and I didn't have leaks very often. But once your child gets older and start crawling and walking they start to leak cuz of all the movement your child's doing they don't stay in place we'll I recommend pamper cruisers for movers
I wish there was some way the back/top could be designed as to avoid an occasional 'blowout'. Other than that we use Swaddlers as our cozy nighttime diapers
I'm a first time mom and diaper changing was a relatively new experience for me. Pampers Swaddlers fit my little one very well and the color-changing wetness indicator makes changing her diapers a no-brainer!
My daughter wore Pampers Swaddlers for the first six months of her life. They kept her warm and dry and were easy to put on and take off. They are slightly more expensive but the product is worth it.
Very Much Satisfied...Mu kid feels very much comfortable after using this diaper.
Being a new mom it's hard to find the perfect diaper that will do it's job right the first time. Of all the diapers I have tried pampers is the only brand that keeps my baby's bottom dry and is the most absorbent.
Over the past year I have tried numerous other diaper brands and always come back to Pampers. The absorbancy is the best out there. They fit my boys perfectly and are super soft.
great quality and my son loves elmo!! So this pampers product is perfect!
I switched from only buying huggies snug and dry to only buying pampers cruisers when my daughter started walking. Pampers had no leaks!
We've used a variety of diapers in the past 4 months but Pampers Swaddlers continue to be one of our favorites. The umbilical cord notch was nice for the first few weeks - it was one less thing to have to worry about while learning to quickly change our son's diaper.

Although the wetness indicator is nice, it seems as if it's always blue, so we don't generally use that as a guide. The Swaddlers are very effective at keeping our baby dry even after several hours during the night. We are always surprised at how much they absorb, yet still keep him dry.
It may sound weird, but the diapers smell good. The color changing strip makes it extremely easy to check if baby is fussy because he's wet.
We have been using Pampers since our daughter came home from the hospital. They fit great and are super absorbent! We will continue to use them as long as she is in diapers and for our next little one as well!
I've been using Pampers diapers for about a week now and they are better then Huggies, etc. Ill recommend this to everyone that I know to use these.
I use to use the Pampers Sensitive brand, but I have not been able to find them in my daughters size. I tried other brands and other Pampers styles but the swaddlers seem to be working for us just fine.
This is the brand I buy for daytime diapers. The wetness line makes it easy to know if my little one is wet or dry.
Love the swaddlers. Tried Huggies (was given to me at a shower) and they fell apart and left weird white pieces on my baby. Like the Pampers diapers much better.
My son is a preemie and I have very few complaints regarding Pampers Preemie Swaddlers. Overall the diapers are wonderful. The absorbancy is great and my son is usually left dry. My only complaints are as follows: the fit is still slightly large for my child, the pack is nine dollars for twenty-seven diapers, and finally I have not found a way to purchase the preemie size in bulk. Being able to purchase more than twenty-seven diapers at a time would be very helpful. However I would recommend Pampers Preemie Swaddlers to anyone without a second thought.
We have only used Swaddlers for the baby since day one. We did try two other brands that just would not hold up as good as Swaddlers.
Great products.....especially pampered wipes. The only kind I will buy! A+++
We have been using Pampers Swaddlers since the day our baby girl was born. This diaper fits well against her skin and doesn't slide, we love the wetness indicator and the rewards program is a perfect idea to earn toys or other items. Our daughter has very sensitive skin and has not had any issues with my this diaper.
We've tried several other brands but have had the best luck against leaks with both our kids with Pampers swaddlers. No need to look any further
I made sure to buy Pampers Swaddlers for my newborn for their softness, snug fit and also for the reassurance from buying Pampers. My 10 month old son still uses Pampers diapers!
I love swaddlers diapers. I am able see how wet the diaper actually is and the absolutely love the texture of them.
I loved these diapers when my son was little. The wetness indicator is the best, plus they absorb a lot! I wish the newborn diapers had more of an umbilical cord cut out, like the huggies snugglers. That's really the only thing I'd change! We used them from newborn up to size 2, then switched to Baby Dry and Cruisers and have been happy with both of those products as well!
These fit my baby the best and we rarely have leaks with them.
Great for dryness and absorbency. Worked great when my daughter was 6 months and younger. Since she has been older,bigger, and mobil cruisers fit her better.
State your experience with your product. Is easy. I have 3 children and have always used Pampers brand. I have tried other brands in the past, but is not the right fit and the quality of absorbency was not the greatest.
These diapers have the line on the diaper that tell you whether or not there's liquid in it. I LOVE that. These also fit my daughter really well. I would go up a size in diapers, however, because the absorbancy isn't very great.
My daughter sleeps throughout the night and needs to stay dry!!! Swaddlers are great.
I started out using another brand of diapers and they just didn't fit well on my preemie. It was helpful that Pampers makes a diaper for babies weighing less than 4 lbs and 6 lbs. The swaddlers are really soft and most have an indicator letting you know when the baby is wet. I wish the XS diapers had this, as well.

Pampers changed the packaging/quantity which is frustrating because there are less number of diapers.
I tried everything for my son. Unfortunately, he don't use swaddlers because it always leaks on him. I have been using Cruisers on him instead ever since. I am only speaking for my son and I am pretty sure there are some babies who uses Swaddlers more than Cruisers. But this is only my opinion.
I like them but they never last all night. I use baby dry now. I don't want to pay the same price and get LESS diapers just because they are "softer"
My little guy pees a lot and these are the only diapers that haven't leaked on me yet!
I started out with Huggies when I had my first baby. There were many things I didn't like about them right away. I soon tried Pampers swaddlers and wish I would have done so sooner. They are so SOFT!! And the wetness protection is great!
I am in love with pampers swaddlers. They are a great product and an excellent value. I don't put my daughter in anything else !
The fit on these is just great. We had a 6lb-10oz little boy at 21" in length. These fit perfectly.
Not a huge fan for my little girl but may work for others.
My little girl pees a lot all at once and these diapers only are good for her for 3-4 hrs,

May work for another child who does not have big pees.
sometimes, maybe use bigger size for kid. I would recommend to my friends to use this product.
It's good but not worth the extra money compared to the pamper diapers
I'm a big fan of the wettness indicator. :) And the sides of the pampers diapers have fit all three of my children better than any other diaper.
The mesh liner helps pull away the mess from the baby and the wetness indicator is very convenient and works great!
Really liked how my baby responded to this product we used to use Huggies and she would get a rash but now she's rash free thanks to Pampers!
I love all pampers items - haven't been let down yet!
The absorbency is appropriate for newborns. I had to switch to baby dry once son grew out of newborn stage due to the leakage.
The reasons for going with this brand was to provide my baby a diaper that will keep him rash free, so far the diapers have lived up to that standard and more, the fit on the ones was perfect, my baby is still in transition to the size two, but so far this diaper has delivered.
Best Value, Bargain Brands Don't Cut It. I've Used Pampers Since My Triplets Were In The Nicu, And 18 Months Later They Are Still The Only Brand I Trust
I got a box of these pampers for my baby shower I didn't know which brand was the best for my son since I'm a first time mom but so far they are excellent its been 3 months of use their has been no leaks and my baby seems to feel comfortable with them great product ! I will continue to purchase
I was given several cases of Pampers Swaddlers sizes newborn and 1 at my shower. Most of the time they kept in whatever my baby threw their way but when it came to poo it was a different story. When she pooed and I placed her on the changing table it would just pour out of the top of the diaper. This happened very often. It could be that it just wasn't the right fit for my baby or that because she is breastfed and her bowels are looser, but they did not work for us.
I love swaddlers. The indicator is my favorite feature besides how soft and comfy they are. They fit so snug. I have never experienced a leak.
Pampers Diapers are better than Huggies.
We are pampers lovers in the first place, but we also tried huggies for a change. Huggies leaked, that's we stopped using it and went back to pampers.
Keep my babies bottom dry and flexibility is awesome
They are very good diapers. I always prefer pampers products.
Out of all the other diapers I've tried, Swaddlers has to be my favorite. It's a comfortable fit and absorbent. Definitely the brand I return to time after time.
We received a case of Huggies diapers with my second son and actually considered switching brands. It didn't take long to realize (after numerous messy accidents) that pampers were the way to go.
Size is very fit for baby boy, and I like the color changing wetness indicator , which is very convenience for new parents .
I have tried other brands and felt they were not very absorbent. Every time we use Pampers I know I can trust that they will not leak.
Very good product. But not a lot different then before.
Nice quality and our favorite. Holds in wetness all night for our baby.
Extremely soft and pretty absorbent! The full line is helpful as well
I love how soft the swaddlers are, and there stretch and flexibility. Gives me comfort in knowing my babies diaper is snug but not to tight like I feel other diapers are.
We have experienced some blowouts with Pampers Swaddlers, but overall they are good and no leaking overnight.
Highly recommend this product, absorbs very well, leak-free at night. Fits will to baby as he is on the go
I've tried both Huggies & Pampers but by far, Pampers a Swaddlers are the best!!
I love how these diapers fit my infant! They are comfortable in all their little fat rolls. I do wish the price was a little more competitive, but I was never disappointed in the performance of the diapers themselves.
With both of my children I used swaddlers u til they
Out grew them, wish they made them to size 7!
Love the softness and fit.. Indicator was a life saver
For newborns!
We have used pampers since our son was born and have not been disappointed. They keep him dry-even over night! We have tried other brands (they were given as gifts) but always go back to using pampers.
I am a HUGE fan of the swaddler line. BUT, my son is not able to wear the regular swaddlers. He has extremely sensitive skin, so we have bought the swaddler sensitive. And the swaddler sensitive line is AMAZING!They're dry and I have rarely had issues with leaking. But the regular swaddlers tend to leak even with the new design. Also, my son is on the small side, and the sensitive fit much better than the regular swaddlers. Overall, the normal swaddlers are a good diaper. I'd recommend them. But the sensitives, those are great! They were great with my daughter and they're even better with my little guy.
I always buy only pampers for my baby because he has sensitive skin.
I can trust that the Pampers Swaddlers will keep my little guy dry! I don't have to worry about diaper rash or leaking!
I also love the fit of these diapers! I found other brands to be too bulky. Also, no strong diaper scent with these!
They're definately do not stay dry for 12 hours as stated. More like 3-4
My little one was a little sensitive to the mesh in the diaper but other then that love them !!!
When my baby girl was born the hospital provided a bag of Pampers diapers for me to take home. I loved the fact that they were Swaddlers because my baby was so itty bitty they didn't slip off and it had an opening for her umbilical cord. I was given other brand diapers for my baby shower and decided to try them out, didn't quiet work out. My daughter has sensitive skin and since then I've only used Pampers (swaddelers, cruisers & night) diapers and wipes. I love the soft stretchy sides, overlapping fasteners, and wetness indicator. Only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because I wish all sizes and types had a wetness indicator. Overall I am one satisfied mom.
I think these duales our good but they are mad small
Pampers Swaddlers diapers is great for babies when they are size N to 1 and maybe size 2 but any size higher I think they need to change to Pampers Baby Dry or Cruisers from personal experience.
I love Pampers Swaddlers. I have used them on my baby girl since we came home from the hospital. The only thing I would like to see change is the fit, maybe stronger stretch around the legs and some scrunch/stretch across the back to help prevent up-the-back leaks.

But honestly, I will continue to buy Pampers Swaddlers simply because they are the only diaper I have found that keeps baby dry and happy!
These were given to me in the hospital when my little bundle of joy was born. I have since continued to use them at home and I absolutely love them. They get the job done!
Overall I like the pampers swaddlers. There was a period where they didn't contain my daughter's feces. I tried several different diapers during this time and same results. It was just a phase I guess. Swaddlers are working for us now. I like how they fit her. I never have problems with urine leakage.
Everyone always told me Pampers over Huggies, but like a lot of new moms, if you are given diapers as a gift you use them. The first attempt at using Huggies, was my last. Nothing stayed in the diaper. Swaddlers keep everything in (most the time) and there is nothing better than the indicator line in the front of the diapers!
I love pampers. Used from day one:). I will always use them.
I liked these a lot for when my little one was little, but as she got older, it seemed like she peed through them more often
As a first time mom, it was a great help that there is a line to let me know when my little man goes number 1. It's great absorbency and it's soft. We never had a leak. It's on the pricey side tho. We did eventually switch to baby-dry. The same great absorbency and softness but you get a little more for the dollar.
Pampers is the only diapers that suits my son. good product
Fit my daughter better than huggies or other diapers.
These diapers work for us and I have used them on both of my boys. My only complaint is that sometimes we have poo that comes out the top back of the diaper. I wish it had more elastic.
Absorbent and dry when the big mess happens. Fits more snug than other brands on my 6 month old boy
These are a good fit for my skinny baby, no leaks and holds moisture well.
I have been happy overall with using pampers diapers. My baby has not had any rashes or reactions to the diapers thus far. The diapers are absorbent and keep my baby dry.
Pampers diapers are a good fit for my baby. The quality is good and they don't leak (very often).
Swaddlers were great for my twins until they started eating table food, then we switched over to baby dry because they just seemed to hold more liquid.
I love the wetness indicator. So helpful when you have a new baby. Too expensive but worth the investment when you have a newborn. I switched to baby dry after four months so I could get more for my dollar.
Love pampers ! I recomend them to everyone! Go pampers
Great for infant use. Baby appears comfortable, diaper manages most messes, and have not experienced skin breakdown!
Very soft and good fit. We have always used pampers.
In the back of the Easy Up pull-up needs more longer up to the back. Cuz when bend down with the elastic waist short or pant. You can see the butt crack. Unlikely a regular diaper. Also I've ben very careful to pull pant up by holding front and back instead of sides because they rips easy!
Pampers swaddlers are great for my newborn. They fit well and keep my daughter dry!
I have tried the new Pampers Swaddlers for sizes 4&5 and I have to say that while the quality was great as usual the fit seems to be a bit snug for my transitioning 1 year old. I think I will stick with the Pampers Baby Dry for her now, but the Swaddlers were great for N-size 3.
The only diaper I use for my infants. It is so soft with great coverage. Daddy likes the blue stripe to tell when baby's wet.
Pampers are the best value, best quality diapers out there! We have tried the other brands which was a huge mistake. Pampers are the way to go!
Fit great...and also holds throughout night. Great!
No leaks, usually. Only time I've had leaks is when baby is moving on to different size
We love the wetness indicator. When you first bring home your little bundle, you are still learning about each other, so it really helps!
Love these wipes for my little one. I love that they have no scent.
I started using Pampers Swaddlers as soon as I brought my twins home. I love there softness and the wetness indicator. The umbilical cord notch was a nice benifit too, I didn't have to worry about folding down the diaper to keep that area dry.
They work great!!! I have tried other diapers and either they leak or my baby breaks out in a terrible rash. Pampers works for me all their products are affordable and they are a great quality.
We love pampers swaddlers. They offer excellent coverage for our little ones. They also never leak. Even through the night our children's sheets stay dry. We've used swaddlers for both our children and will continue to use them.
These are the only diapers we can use on my 13 month old overnight! Thanks Pampers
As busy moms with tons of messes, we don't need to add leaky diapers to the mix. Swaddlers are absorbant and fit well, which should be the case when paying more than other brands that perform almost equally. Overall I'm very satisfied.
This was the diaper the hospital used on my baby girl, so I knew they had to be good. I continued using Swaddlers until she began walking and moving. I LOVED the blue "wetness" indicator...so did my husband! The diapers didn't irritate her bottom and seemed to absorb a lot. I would definitely recommend them to friends! (Of course, I wish they were a little cheaper...)
the diaper absorbs and fits the baby (from 8.5 till 11lbs for size 1) well! My baby never had a diaper rash, which is great.
I've started using pampers swaddler since the day that my son was born. And I must say that I fall in love with it instantly. How could you not? It's so absorbent, so soft (only second to my newborn baby's soft skin) and my baby feels so comfortable in it. As a new mom I wanted only the best for my son and pampers definitely meet this criteria. Oh and this diaper has never leaked. Which is super amazing. If it does leak, it means that maybe you need to go to one size up. I highly recommend this swaddler diaper. You won't regret it and you won't even think about trying other brand diaper.
These are my favorite diapers, but I sometimes buy cheaper brands to save $.
I tried a variety of diapers and Pampers is my # 1 choice.
After much research while pregnant I was completely sold, based on others reviews, that Pampers Swaddlers would be the diaper of choice in my house. After baby was born it was the first diaper we used and still use for everyday wear and protection.
Love these diapers! Never leak and they fit great on my little man.
Pampers swaddlers are hands down the best diapers we have found for our daughter. We have tried other name brands as well as store brands looking for a cheaper alternative that works this well, but with limited success.

Some of the reasons why I prefer Pampers swaddlers: no leaks! Very, very rare to have any leaks, and no blowouts that I can recall. No diaper rash - my baby girl has never had a diaper rash while using Pampers (she is 6 months old). Comfortable for her - she hardly ever complains about a wet diaper in these.

If you can afford these, they are what you want. The only drawback is that they are expensive, but you do get what you pay for!
Love the line indicator. Great absorbency. Really like the diaper overall.
I'm always happy with pampers diapers. Good quality and its what the hospital used. Good fit for my kids
I have used only pampers for both my daughters, the first one being born in 1996. The quality has always been great. No leaks especially during the night. Which is a huge plus. Keeps them feeling dry which in turn helps them sleep longer.
:) my baby likes it~ and i like it too. smells good.
My baby is 3 months old now so I have been using quite a bit of diapers. I've tried Huggies and Luvs and neither beat the dryness and absorbency of Pampers Swaddlers! They don't let off a smell like Huggies do. I often have to check to see if there's a blue line because the smell is so well absorbed. LOVE these diapers and would definitely recommend them to anyone having a newborn!
does not cause rash on my kids, would stay with pampers
pampers have always kept my 3 kids dry and comfortable we have tried other brands but always go back to pampers knowing that will never be disappointed
A must have item. Glad I was recommended to use Pampers Swaddlers for my newborn and I'm sure to continue doing the same to other expecting moms.
I have not used any pampers products that I didn't love.
It is worth the extra bit of money that you pay for Pampers products as they absorb more and don't have the leakage issue that other leading brands have!
The swaddlers are very good but they don't Fit my baby very well
These are great diapers, but they definitely come with a price tag. They have done the job where others have failed, which is what keeps us coming back. I would love it if they were unscented.
I've tried several brands and now I'm only sticking to Pampers. It's not as thick as other brands but the absorbency is great. The material is soft and there are rarely any leaks. Will recommend.
I prefer the sensitive Pampers swaddlers, but compared to other diapers, Pampers are the best with the fewest "blow-outs."
NEVER WENT BACK TO OTHER BRANDS OF DIAPERS AGAIN! :D
Pampers has been my preferred brand of diapers for both my boys. Tried multiple generic brands and other name brand competitors and none worked or fit as well. Only downside, pampers is more expensive than most other diaper brands.
Love Pampers Swaddlers! We have been using them since our baby girl was born in June 2013.
Just had my first baby and I tried the cheaper brand diapers first. Pampers is well worth the extra money.
Swaddlers is the best out the pamper brand, it fits snugger and is softer than the other product diapers pampers sells.
With getting used to a newborn, I just wanted a diaper that worked and did as advertised. Pampered always comes through as advertised.
Our big boy lasts overnight in these. My only problem withthe new and improved package is you changed the amount of diapers but not the price. My family noticed this and it's a concerning and disappointing.
Great quality....No leakage...fitting is good
Absorbency is also good...overall i like pampers a lot..
would recommend this to a friend..
Thanks for pampers for giving such products
I started using swaddlers with my little one from the start. The swaddlers are great, because they have the indicator stripe letting you know that's it's wet. They do a great job and containing most messes.
I love Pampers swaddlers. The Pampers are very reliable, Also I love that it has the line to tell you when she has peed, it makes it easier on you.
I been using pampers swaddlers for my first baby sinc the hospital,they are great, they smell yummy , and keep my baby tushe dr
The swaddlera are my favorite diapers! I love the wetness indicator. I was sad when my daughter grew out of them.
Many of my friends swear by Swaddlers, but we went with another brand that was more readily available to us at the big box price club nearby. That was a mistake, as my breastfed infant son's bowel movements were thin and messy. We experienced frequent blowouts up the back and out the sides. That resulted in a lot more time and money spent on laundry! When we finally tried Pampers, we found the Swaddlers to offer a better overall fit- slightly taller in the back (my son is tall for his age) and the mesh captures more waste. However, the clean diapers have a smell that I find unpleasant. Are these scented?
we had to switch to swaddlers because our daughter had a bad rash these have helped a lot.
These are the best diapers for your little ones prior to 12 months
Loved them but my child did not fit well into them at all points when within the weight guidelines. However, they are quite absorbent!
Pampers Swaddlers fit well and absorb most of what my babies have been able to fill the diapers with. My only suggestion is to go up a size a little before the weight recommendations.
Every morning my son was waking up wet. We tried the night time diapers and now he rarely wakes up soaking wet!
Pampers makes great products that are long lasting and resilient. Wouldn't buy any other brand.
Like the fit and overall coverage. Color is also nice.
I have to say, my first experience with Swaddlers was in the hospital, after my first child was born. I absolutely loved them, and used them up to size 3. They are so soft, they are a great fit for a baby on the go, or just new to the world. I like the wetness indicator, it makes it so easy to know you have a wet diaper, without waking baby. The only reason I do not rate them higher, is because when my child got into size 4-5...they didn't seem to hold as much. I felt like I was using them more often, and having more leaks. For a newborn to 1 year, these are ALL I use, recommend, and buy for expectant mothers :)
We love the wetness strip indicator- it is extremely helpful when you aren't sure baby is in need of a diaper change.
The pampers diapers are great diapers! New mother, but always choose pampers!
We have tried off brand diapers and they did not hold a candle to Swaddlers! For our baby they are even more absorbent than the overnight diapers. Highly recommend.
In late January I delivered a set of twins. A boy and a girl. I have 3 older children but had never before used strictly one brand of diapers. The Pampers Swaddlers fit both babies great even though their anatomy is different. We rarely have leakage and DIAPER rash is a thing of the past.
Swaddlers are the best fit for my daughter who is lean and tall.
Love pampers vs the other name brand diapers hands down. Stop wasting your money and buy pampers. Plus knowing a dry diaper vs a wet diaper became a whole lot easier for my husband with the wetness indication strip!
Great product. Fits well and keeps my baby dry. The color strip is very convenient, makes it easy to tell when my baby is wet.
We love Pampers, and prefer them over many other brands due to their softness and quality, as well as how they fit. Now that we have two children, money is tight, so we've been more considerate of price when purchasing diapers. Pampers are great, but you do pay a bit more for what you get. Overall, if money wasn't a factor, they would be my top choice for diapers.
I found the swaddlers to be a pretty good product for my EBF DD. For her many diaper changes I found the absorbency and quality to be pretty good. Since I have BF a lot longer than her older brother I did find that with her looser BM's, she didnt have enough tightness around her waist and spillage as compared to the size needed to cover her bugger tushy in comparison. I would still rate this product well, continue to use and recommend usage.
I love pampers swaddlers. The blue line indicator makes life so much easier.
I use these at night and he sleeps all through the night. Other diapers he will wake at least once to get changed.
We've been using pampers swaddlers diapers since our daughter was born (sizes NB and 1 so far). They work well for us. Urine never leaks. Bowel movements will occasionally leak through the leg or more commonly up the back. For what its worth, we use breastmilk exclusively and the baby is rather petite for her age.
I love the quality of Pampers Diapers. However, I have discovered that Sam's Brand works just as well for much less $$.

Would love for Pampers to make a night time diaper for babies.
For size 4, cruiser is better than swaddle. Swaddle is thicker than cruiser.
THE SWADDLER FOR NEW BORN IS GOOD AND WE LIKED IT VERY MUCH. WE DID NOT SEE THE SAME KIND OF STRUCTURE FOR SWADDLER SIZE 1. BY STRUCTURE I MEAN THE TOP OF THE DIAPER WAS NOT LONG ENOUGH TO PULL IT TO THE SIDE SO WHAT WAS HAPPENING IS WHEN BABY KICKS IT LOOSENS EASILY.
BUT OVERALL VERY NICE PRODUCTS
diapers have greatly improved over the years, babies sleep happy now
I love pampers diapers. Since my baby was born these are the only diapers that we have used! I have had no troubles either these diapers!
My daughter has very sensitive skin and all of the other diapers we tried gave her terrible rashes. Since we started using Swaddlers her rashes have gone away.
We pretty much exclusively use Pampers swaddlers for our 10 month old son. When he was first born the wetness indicator helped us really know when he was wet. Which was helpful for us as first time parents. They have always seemed to fit him really well and we almost never had/have leaks. Even now, with him crawling everywhere, they still stay in place.
Is good I use for my baby and is never leaking and still dry for up to 10 hours
We have used these diapers since day one with our 9 month old. We rarley have leaks or blowouts. They also last all night long!
We love these diapers in our house, they work great at absorbing all of those special baby messes and it helps to keep them dry a lot better then the other diapers we have tried.
It has been about four years since I had my last child, I must say I do love the yellow line down the middle of the diaper to let you know that the diaper is wet...great feature. These diapers do hold up well to wetness and the fit is great. The only thing is the price, a bit high ( I was gifted my diapers but I have done price comparison). I guess everything goes up over time because other diapers are high also.
I would use these diapers now if they were in a size 7
My daughter was on these since she was born. This diaper was great for the urine and didn't leak. It's also good when your baby has an overload. The diaper is very soft and never left marks.
we used this for our lil one till she was almost 2! Definetely love this for its indicator & softness! Would recommend this for ALL the babies!
These are great diapers. The fit is good and so is how well it keeps baby dry. Will use these again!
I only use pampers diapers, but their wipes are not great.
Swadlders diapers are great in particular for young babies. They are really soft and absorbent. I love the wetness indicator, it makes my job easier. My baby girl loves the Sesame Street characters on the diaper. I gave it 4 stars because it would be much better if it had an elastic band on the back, I've had some liking accidents there :$
Pampers are sooo much better than Huggies diapers. My opinion. The Huggies don't hold as good as Pampers do.
Our hospital put my sweet little girl into swaddlers right off the bat and I've loved them since. We got some diapers for our shower that I thought I'd try to go through before I went out and purchased any. I was wrong to do that. The quality of swaddlers is beyond anything out there. As a new mom I can appreciate the color changing stripe and how long they keep my little princess dry and content. The recent size expansion made me one happy lady! I know we'll be using swaddlers until she runs through the sizes. Once she does I'm sure pampers has another great product for my girl to grow with.
I find that the Pampers Swaddler and the Huggies Snuggler diapers are slightly different in size for the same stage and weight recommendation. Snuggler is a bit smaller and tighter than Swaddler. So I use both, the Snuggler first when starting a new stage and then the Swaddler until my baby is ready to move to next stage.
I love the swaddlers. They're so soft and I used them on my newborn son after trying a few other brands. We will stick with Pampers for life!
Pampers Swaddlers are the best diapers out there. I have an 8 month old and he is a non stop go getter type of baby. These diapers are leak proof, soft to the touch, does not have any harsh smells. I LOVE them and would recommend them to any mother out there.
The quality of the diapers are awesome. I would highly recommend them.
These diapers are great. I don't use anything else.
I LOVE these diapers! My infant is able to sleep longer through the night because of the great absorbency. The color changing wetness indicator is a fabulous thing for my husband especially! It is so much easier to tell him to look at the diaper than to have to explain it to him. I would recommend these to anyone, but especially a first time mom (like myself) because the wetness indicator gives you a visual and lets you get more in tune to your babies patterns. The umbilical cord cut-out is so convenient! As a first time mom I was so worried about jostling it around.
Love the wetness indicator - so easy to know if he's ready for a change!
The yellow line on the swaddlers changes to blue when they are wet!! It is very conventient...
I love the swaddlers for my newborn! The fit is good and I feel like they help my little one stay dryer for longer. I noticed a significant difference in how long he sleeps overnight while in Swaddlers than other brands!
Pampers fit my son very well unlike many other brands I've used.
The Swaddlers Newborn, size 1 and size 2 have been perfect for our daughter. The easy to read wetness indicator is a lifesaver. When she was a newborn, I felt better knowing the notch for her cord was there to protect her.
I am a new first time mom so I am new to pampers. I was recommended to use Pamper Swaddlers and I have to say I am very pleased with the product. It keeps my baby dry and she seems comfortable. The only down fall is the preemie size. My little girl was six weeks early so we started with the preemie size and we still have to fold them to get them to fit correctly. Over all, in my opinion, very good product. I have recommended to others.
I use to use Luvs diapers when my other two children were younger. However with my newest child I love using the Pampers Swaddlers. They fit so much better then other diapers and they absorb very well.
The Pampers Swaddler diapers are good quality diapers. I do feel like Huggies Little Snugglers fit my baby better, which is unfortunate, because I love how soft the Pampers Swaddlers are!
Love these diapers!! They are a great product! Everyone should use pampers!
Had these for son when he was a new born, the only issue I had was with the fit in the back. I had too many BM's that didn't stay in.
I never thought I needed a blue line to tell me that my child had gone to the bathroom until I had my son. In the beginning when you have to count the number of wet diapers I would not have been able to tell when he had gone #1 because he was a #2er. This was a big help. The diapers fit great. I have an 8 year old and I used them with him also.
I liked the Swaddlers for my baby, especially when she was between 0-3 months old. During that time, we had very little problems with the diaper and she was always dry and seemed very comfortable. We were pleased with the diapers.

After about 5 months and up until she was about 6 months old, I did notice that she had a blow out about 3-4 days a week in the Swaddlers, but it may have just been a developmental phase. I also noticed that the Swaddlers would start to leak if worn overnight. I switched to the Baby Dry for overnight and no longer had any issues with leaking.
This is a great product. I like the wetness indicator. We have had no leaks
Pampers has been apart of my family for the last 9 years and my 4 daughters. We love the durability and quality of Pampers Swaddlers. The wetness indicator is a great added bonus.
My son is 2 and wears size 5 they fit him great and its easier to tell if he is wet or not by the blue line.
As a first time mom I tried all the leading top named brands for diapers and by far Pampers has been the best! I would recommend this product to anyone who has not tried it yet, you will not be disappointed with their quality.
These are great for newborns. Soft and gentle on skin.
With being a new mom, I've been purchasing all different brands and types of diapers to find the perfect one for my baby boy. After, many different attempts, I found that pampers swaddlers are the best fitting and overall best in leakage protection.
We have used other diapers and pampers is the only one that has kept my baby dry. When we have used other diapers, we have had to change my baby's clothes with every diaper change. Pampers swaddlers have prevented us from having to do this. I definitely suggest pampers swaddlers.
Good diaper. true fit. I love the blue wet indecter.
I love this product, in fact I love all pampers products! I have been using Pampers for years. Great value!
My son has very sensitive skin and we only use Pampers. Love it!
I had tried all types of diapers from pampers and the swaddlers is the best one in absorbency .
Pampers prevents leaks better than other diapers I've tried. I just wish the price was a little cheaper.
I loved Pampers Swaddlers when my son was a newborn.
Love the wetness indicator! We were given Swaddlers at the hospital and have used them ever since.
Pampers Swaddlers are so soft on my baby's skin and super absorbent!
I really like the value and dryness of these diapers, although the fit isn't the best with the gap in the back.
i LIKE THESE DIAPERS, BUT I FIND THEY SMELL A BIT FUNNY:(
My husband and I love these diapers. Our son only weigh 6lb 5oz at birth and these diapers work great on small babies because they stay on and don't leak. I bought these before he was born and was excited to see the hospital also used the same kind and sent us home with a package of these!! The urine indicator is also great for newborns because it can be hard to tell if the baby had peed and pooped in the same diaper (this was the reason the hospital liked them also). I would recommend these diapers to anyone, especially parents that have smaller newborns!
Overall fits ok. Have had some blow outs on the sides without the diaper being full??? and had it shoot up the top of the diaper so, it could be a little better there. Husband loves the soiled diaper indicator stripe. It would be nicer if they were a bit cheaper. Overall they are ok. Not my most favorite though.
Your pampers are the only ones that don't give my baby a rash. They are great they last through the night.
There is an eleven year gap between my children. I tried this diaper because I used Pampers with my daughter with success. The newborn swaddlers are a hit with my family. They are super absorbent for frequent wetters. I find that the wetness is pulled away from the skin and your child stays dry despite having a wet diaper.
Always happy with pampers, dry, great absorbency and the fit is the best for my daughters chunky little legs!
As a new mother, it's nice to have confidence in a product based on word of mouth and brand reputation. Swaddlers work really well and with this product you get what you pay for; it is a quality product.

I've had next to no leaks and the indicator helps a great deal. My only suggestion for possible improvement is to reshape the crotch area. There's so much material that it can bunch up.
When my daughter was a newborn I absolutely loved these. It was easy to tell when she was wet and I loved the notch for the umbilical cord being cut out
Such a good fit for a baby with cute chubby legs!!
My husband and I love these diapers. Our son only weighed 6 lbs. 5oz. at birth and these diapers work great on small babies because they stay on and don't leak. I bought these before he was born and was excited to see the hospital also used the same kind and sent us home with a package of these!! The urine indicator is also great for newborns because it can be hard to tell if the baby had peed and pooped in the same diaper (this was the reason the hospital liked them also). I would recommend these diapers to anyone, especially parents that have smaller newborns!
We are a cloth diapering family, but I am a first time mom and cloth diapering a newborn was a little intimidating. I didn't want to buy a whole stash he would grow out of quickly, so we used Pampers for my babes first couple months. Loved the cutout for the umbilical cord! Made it so much easier and looked a lot more comfortable on him. No blow outs and they never leaked on us. He is 5 months old now and we still use them when we're out and about!
We have been using Swaddlers since our daughter was born almost 7 months ago. We love the indication line! They fit well and are super absorbent. After a night when she had slept all night, there is no leakage anywhere and the contents of the diaper are wicked away.
I love how soft the Swaddlers are. The wetness indicator is a useful tool when trying to decide if the baby is wet. I wish they were a little more affordable, but the quality is great for my newborn.
diapers are a great fit but through long sleeps diapers may get a lil over soaked
I have used the pampers swaddler diapers and overall they are a great diaper to use.
I am so happy that Pampers has continued their Swaddlers brand up to size 5 ! I loved using them when she was a newborn and hope they continue making them in 6, 7, etc. Thanks Pampers!
Love these diapers. Love that it has the wetness indicator on them. Only diapers I will use and buy.
The diaper is great when it comes to quality, dryness and absorbency. However, the diaper doesn't fit well on the back and some times it tends to leak when baby defacates.
I prefer Pampers over Huggies and Luvs anyday. To know that Pampers continues to try to improve their products is reassuring.
The swaddlers are one of my favorite diapers on the market right now. I use them most for the fit for my new baby. Also I absolutely love that I havent had a diaper accident in these. Great job pampers. two thumbs up.
As always pampers proves again and again that their products are flawless.
I absolutely love the the absorption of Pampers. With other brands, I had to worry about poor fit or quality that led to leaks. Pampers has yet to let me down
I love Pampers Sensitive!!! They are so soft, and also love the wet strip they put in their diapers.
good for newborns and daytime, but diapers feel damp in the morning or if its very full.
Pampers diapers and wipes we have used from day #1.
I use other diapers on my daughter. Pampers are my favorite thus far.
I like the way swaddlers fits on my child. I have been buying Pampers since he was born and have never used any other brand.
We have used swaddlers for all 3 of our children. We have tried others and none measure up to them.
Pampers swaddlers are nice because you can see the line change colors when they URINATE! also are so super soft
I bought these for my newborn, and they worked great for us. They did not leak for the most part, and the indicator was helpful as he was our first baby. Definitely would recommend this for parents of newborns and young infants.
I love using pampers diaper for my little boy. These are light weight and fits perfect. Pampers helps to maintain dryness and provides comfort without rashes. Great product!
We really liked the softness and absorbency of these diapers. Unfortunately the Huggies Little Snugglers just fit my so better
I have tried other diapers but pampers swaddlers is the best. Great fit and does not leak very often. Less allergetic too!!
Good diaper, good fit. My daughter does not complain about the wetness!
Pampers are the only diapers in our nursery!
Swaddlers are great during the day and Baby Dry at night!
My son is 6 months old and we haven't had any diaper rash, thanks to pampers!
I like the swaddlers above other products. it doesnt have a strong chemical smell like many other diapers.
I tried swaddlers for my baby. Generally, the diapers are not bad, what I didn't like at all, was the awful smell of urine and of the inside filling of the diaper, after using it. Now we stopped our choice at Pampers Baby dry, and we like it very much.
Very soft on baby skin. Good absorbency .. Never had a leak with my newborn little boy.
Great quality. Excellent absorbency. Great for new born's skin.
These swaddlers were introduced to us in the hospital and as first time parents, we were so impressed with the indicators. We are fans of the product and have purchased many more since.
Pampers is the leading product on the market. The cost is high, but the performance is worth your money.
Pampers is an overall good diaper for a good price.
My little one can fill a diaper so quickly. Pampers swaddlers never leak in between changes and the yellow line becoming blue lets me know how much he goes.
Pampers are an overall Good diaper with a Good price.
I love the new & Improved swaddlers...no leaks as of yet! That makes a happy mommy!
I like the soft feel and the fact that I don't have to worry about a leak when baby sleeps through the night.
We used this type of Pampers Dipers within first couple of months on our baby boy. When babies are so little, this dipers will indicate every time baby goes. It is very important for the first couple of weeks, when you need to track how much wet dipers your baby makes.
Love using the pamper diapers for my 5 month old baby. They keep her dry all through the night. :)
Luckily I got many as gifts at baby showers. Great diapers. Can get pricy since babies go they so many but would only choose pampers for my newborns.
Good diaper for my baby. Keep plenty in stock at home.
I love how the Swaddlers have the wet indicator on the diaper and the softness of the diaper is like no other.
I have used discount diapers only to deal with leaks and strange odors. I have also bought the expensive diapers--but spending dollars a day every day on diapers is just not feasible. Pampers is always my go-to for diapers and now Baby Dry is what I consistently count on for all-day and all-night hassle-free protection.
I love pampers! They fit my baby better than any other brand. They are also the softest. They have better absorbency than the other brands that we have tried and we have tried a lot of different diapers.
Love Pampers and so does my little man!! Diapers are obviously very important and I can always count on pampers to keep my baby dry!
excellentexcellent excellent excellent excellentexcellent excelleexcellent nt
perfect, specilly at night time and when we go out because he is more comfortable and dry
My baby is one month old and I'm really happy for have been choosen Pampers diapers.
Overall good product. However the smell that they give off isn't very appealing. They do fit well and I haven't had any issues with them leaking.
I used Pampers on my first daughter which is now 11 and used nothing other than pampers now on my 4 month old. Such a great product!
These diapers are great! Extra absorbent and last through the night with no diaper change needed.
The diapers fit my girls very well. Like the blue line indicator when wet and hold a good amount if urine in them before being to full and heavy. Very happy with pampers diapers.
The diapers fit really well and my baby stays dry for many hours, especially over night.
Love the wetness indicator it's great for new moms who are not used to changing diapers & can't tell if they need to be changed yet
My daughter has sensitive skin and the one product line that I can trust is Pampers.
I love the swaddler one , it indicates a yellow line in from and back of diaper to inform parents that it's changing time!! Great quality compared to baby dry . This will always be best for me and my LO
i donot want to save small money on the diapers. and made my baby suffer. Pamper is good choice.
Pampers are the best diapers. I have tried many different kinds of diapers but always end up using Pampers.
Pampers fit my daughter well. I never have the leakage issues that I sometimes experience with other brands.
I have been using Pampers for my son since he was born. This product has kept him dry for the most part.
Pampers is one of the only diaper brands that dont leak for us. We return to them over and over again.
Love it. My little girl love it, and it's the only one we try don't make her has rash.
These are the best diapers on the market, they keep your little one dry, even through the night.
If I could find them in the stores in my babies size now (3) I would buy these instead of cruzers
I think pampers are the best diaper out there and majority of my friends would agree. I don't however feel like the wetness indicator is that helpful. At first I thought it would be fabulous but it seemed like they were barely wet and I was changing diapers soooo frequently. This is in part to how well they absorb so its not necessarily a bad thing.
A quality diaper, soft and cloth-like, average absorption, umbilical cord cutout, wetness indicator, lowest price of any diaper we looked at, good fit
I tried all the brands on my newborn. After a month, it was clear that Pampers was the best fit for my little guy.
Not loving the new and improved but still better than huggies
Have had no problems with Pampers brand. Started using in hospital with my premature twins. Just wish it was more earth friendly with less chemicals and cost less. Cost is the number 1 issue.
No issues during first week with leaks. My son is 7 lbs 12 oz. These are also the diapers used by our birthing hospital so that also allows for us to be confident in our decision to continue to use Pampers Swaddlers.
I find the Swaddlers to be the absolute best fitting diapers out there. My little one was having blowouts and leaks with every other diaper until I tried the Swaddlers. They are awesome and fit great. We appreciated the umbilical cord cut out when he was just born also- much easier than trying to fold the diaper down!
I am amazed at the amount of wee these diapers can hold. I had been given a diaper cake at a shower with two other brands. One could not keep up with the little ones extensive wees and the other gave her a rash. Swaddlers were great for our first kid, is I see no reason to switch from a sure bet.
I have used these with both of my kids and know that they will stay dry.
Pampers Swaddlers diapers are soft and sensitive. Very good for sleeping in. The only drawback I've noticed is the absorb away liner sticks to my baby's bottom. Instead of keeping everything dry, it kind of just gets in the way.
Love how soft they are. Also love that they don't have a weird smell like most diapers.
I prefer Pampers than any other diapers. Pampers has the best absorbency, quality, and fit. I like how Pampers has the color indicator that let's you know your little one has a wet diaper.
I always buy Pampers Swaddlers because they seem to work the best out of all the papers
Very impressed with product! Would recommend pampers over any other brand!
Our family finds Swaddlers to be the best diaper to keep baby dry and comfortable. We LOVE the wetness indicator.
As a new mom I was given Pampers and told that they were the best product out there and they have certainly been worth their value! The fit is good, I find my daughter grows out of the size about 2 pounds early but otherwise no issue!
It fits my LO perfectly and it does not leak, great quality as usual
When I asked for diaper recommendations, "Pampers" was the main answer I received. And I admit they are a good brand and worked great when my daughter was first born, and still do. But now that she's getting bigger it seems that they run smaller than some other brands, even though she's still within the weight limits. If I had known that she would not of had any negative reactions to other brands, I would probably have bought less Pampers and more of the others, mainly because of the cost differences.
Pampers are my favorite! I do wish they fit better around the waist though.
Wonderful absorbency and great dryness. Definitely improved since I first tried them four years ago. Unfortunately the fit is terrible. They run big and are quite bulky. However, this doesn't matter when your child/baby is not actively walking or crawling.
Both my children have worn Pampers since birth and have had almost no problems with diaper rashes or leaking. As my kids got older, they liked seeing which Sesame Street character was on their diapers.
Babies have accidents but these are the beat diapers on the market!
I have used Huggies on my son previously and always had leaks. The only thing I don't like about the Pamper's Swaddlers is the gap at the top of the diaper in the back. If we are going to have a leak or mess somewhere that's where it will be.
We've been using Pampers diapers almost exclusively since our daughter was born 5 months ago. We started with the New Baby diapers in the hospital and liked the softness and fit so we continued to use them now my is 5 month old and needed a size 3. The stripe indicator and the softness of these diapers were wonderful. My only concern is with the pricing.
I used pampers swaddlers for my first born. I love the color changing strip in the front, that's definitely helpful. It's also a snug fit.
All the pampers diapers have worked wonderfully. They fit well based off the weights listed on the box. They also keep my little girl dry all night, which is about 12 hours. I very much recommend using pampers.
I would definitely recommend this product the absorption is great
Good! Fit well. Absorb nicely. I only use Pampers!
We had luck with these diapers when our child was a baby.
Love the feel and fit of swaddlers. But I would love the 12 hour protection that the other types of pampers like Baby dry offers
I love Pampers but my only complaint is that sometimes the diaper breaks open and all of the "beads" are all over my baby and it is very difficult to clean up. The absorbency is supposed to be the best so why does this happen?
We've used Pampers swaddlers since our twins were born with very few "blow out" accidents and/or leaks. We will continue to use them!
I only use pampers swaddlers. I like how they fit and how they have the wetness line. The only thing I don't like is my daughter is a little wet in the morning cause she filled the diaper up thru the night.
My LO is 10 weeks old and I have tried all brands of diapers available to me. I fell in love with the Swaddlers at the hospital after he was born. They're soft and keep his bottom nice and dry! I continue to use the Swaddlers and he seems to enjoy them too. Only gave 4 stars for fit because the sizes go by weight and 2lbs before the max weight on the diaper I have had to go up a size because they're too snug and he wets/poops through them. Other than the fit this is such a great product. I don't know what I would do without them!
These diapers fit and absorb the best for my son. They are the only ones he can wear.
I've used these diapers for both of my children, a boy and a girl, and they are probably the best fitting and most absorbent diapers I have found in the marketplace.

They tend to absorb better than the "Baby Dry" line, although they are priced higher.

I note the "wetness indicator," although helpful to new parents, does not always accurately convey whether the child has a dirty diaper.
These are excellent diapers for my baby girl especially at night when she goes a long time with no diaper change.
Pampers diaper is very soft and gentle, so I don't have to get worried about diaper rush.
Good product but not sure if it's worth the price when i need to buy bigger sizes
The swaddlers were nice and did a good job. However, they seemed too tight for my baby and the baby dry ones fit better.
I loved using these diapers on my son. They fit him perfectly and I didn't have to worry about hitting his belly button with the diapers because they had a notch in the diaper for that purpose.
This pamper is perfect for keeping my little man dry overnight. No leaks, and no waking up uncomfortable in the middle of the night!
The product is soft and seems comfortable to the baby.
I like the color-changing wetness indicator. The diaper is soft and absorbs well.
Both my 20 month old and 6 month old wear Pampers swaddlers overnight and wake up dry and happy!
We have twins so we go through a lot of diapers. Pampers are my favorite, great fit and no leaks.
I can only use pampers diapers brand on my daughter. She has extremely sensitive skin and huggies diapers break her bottom out. So pampers is great for babies with sensitive skin! The only negative I have is that my daughter usually has blow outs every bowel movement. It usually runs up her back and occasionally down the sides of her legs. We use the correct size diaper according to the weight recommendations. Maybe this is just normal, but it sure is an inconvenience when we are out!
As a mom of twins I need something I can rely on. I've never had any issues with Swaddlers other than if they happen to poo while they are sitting up it will come up and out of the back.
Like these diapers a lot. They are a good fit and absorbent.
Very nice especially when your little one is a toddler and running a over the place!
So far all seems well! Would recommend to any new mother!
We like Pampers the best for our little guy. Other brands leaked and caused more headaches than helps. My little guy is tall so I wish the leg was cut to fit taller babies better but so far they are what works best for us!
We love the yellow stripe that turns blue when wet!
When I need to buy diapers pampers is my go to brand. The swaddlers are awesome diapers that have a great fit and unbeatable absorbency. Have had no over night leaks when my daughter is wearing them. I love the wetness indicator line(all diapers should have this)! I will keep buying these as she grows.
Its a great quality product and worth for you paid money.
These diapers have been great for my baby for 9 months now. Great value and run true to size and weight.
Love these diapers. Thy are my second favorite pampers diaper. Still prefer the swaddlers sensitive. Wetness indicator is a huge help!
I have used pampers ever since my daughter was born at 32 weeks. The hospital trusted them and so do I.
my 9 month old son can sleep through the night with no leaks when wearing a pampers diaper! any other brand he can't make it through the night without a diaper change or a wet bed due to a leaking diaper. Love pampers
The triple layer absorbancy is great. The drastic size difference between newborn and size one, is a bit of an issue. I had to buy a different brand until my child grew a little more to wear pampers size one without her swimming in them.
Price are good and pampers are the best I can't get a diferent one
Prefer the baby dry to the swaddlers. Does not have the best absorbent.
I have a 6lb newborn at home and he is using Size N diaper. It is still big to my baby. So sometimes there was leaks on baby's back. But in general, it is good quality.
I have been using only pampers for a few months now and my husband and I think they are great.
Pampers Swaddlers are by far the best diaper that I have used with my newborn daughter. There diapers are easy to put on a squirming baby, as they are a breeze to unfold and a breeze to fasten. These diapers are also very absorbent, as advertised. While we have had problems with competitor brands leaking, Swaddlers have held tight. These diapers are able to hold a lot of liquid without irritating my baby's skin..,she stays dry. Love them!
Pampers offers so many good products. You can really tell the quality that they have with just one touch! Love these wipes!
Love the material of pampers. They are softer than other brands. Had a few leaking problems but more when the little one sleeps funny. Have the same issue with all brands.
my son's nappies has always been pampers. tried and tested. been using same with my daughters. soft to baby's bottom.
Love pampers swaddlers, they keep my baby dry and fit great!
The fit of these diapers is great for newborns. I love the wetness indicator. It's very helpful to have a visual for my husband who isn't used to changing diapers.
The swaddlers are great for infants as they fit and absorb them well.
I love this Pampers Swaddles Sensitive. since I have used this my twins have not broke out because they have such sensitive skin. I love love these diapers
It is definitely more absorbent than regular diapers. I would recommend to use at night.
I have used swaddlers since my baby was born and it has been great. a few blow outs here and there but it has been better than the other brands i have tried.
Enjoy the product, wish the cost was a little lower.
The Pampers Swaddlers are amazing in that they fit perfectly, allow room for baby's umbilical stub (so there is no irritation), and the wetness indicator is a MUST for newborns. It's wonderfully convenient to be able to tell if your little one needs a change from across the room and for first time diaper changers. :)
I tried all the other brands and none were as soft as these diapers. These diapers keep my baby dry through the night
The diapers hold very well, no leaks but I feel like they get so full when there isn't a lot in the diaper. The wetness indicator turns blue when the diaper is hardly even wet. Sometimes it feels like it's gonna explode but never has so I guess they do their job!
I love the absorbency and dependability of Pampers! We've used the for of our babies, and would recommend them to our family and friends
Only problem we have is an occasional leak. But otherwise well pleased.
I have always loved pampers products. I used them for my 13 and 9 year old and now for my 1 month old. They are super absorbent and each size fits well. The price is comparable to all the major brands.
The quality and value for these diapers are great. I've used them since the day my son was born and they kept him super dry all day and night!
I like the swaddlers diapers but they are a little thin.
We love pampers swaddlers in this house. My second daughter just turned 4 months old and both of my children wear/wore pampers. I just wish they were more affordable or I got more coupons for being a loyal customer. 50 bucks a month for YEARS really adds up!
this product has been great on my daughters sensitive skin. have been using it for over 2 years. Other then few leakages, no major complain with pamper products.
I would definitely recommend the pampers swaddled. We tried multiple diaper brands in the first few weeks, and while these aren't perfect, they were definitely better than competitors.
I love Pampers Swaddlers! The only downfall is they are a bit pricey! I sometimes buy baby dry instead to save a few bucks! Otherwise I have had no issues!
My premie twins fit in the diapers and kept them dry.
Although these are on the pricier end of the spectrum we wouldn't use any other brand. We rarely have blow outs due to the layered fit and even when our son has afull diaper in the mornings his skin is still dry,
My baby doesn't have any problem with this swaddlers diaper! It works very well for her ~
Pampers swaddlers have a good fit on my baby's chunky thighs, and the wetness indicator is very convieient. I would recommend against using swaddlers overnight, because they become damp on the outside, instead, I use pampers baby dry at night.
I prefer Pampers over Huggies. I feel they give my baby less diaper rash. The fit is pretty good but not perfect, though I've noticed there have been fewer leaks since switching to only using Pampers diapers. The value isn't any less or more than other name brand diapers as far as cost, but less diaper rash equals happier baby and less leaks means less laundry and more time which equals a happier mommy! That is priceless.
Excellent absorbency and fit, from newborn on up! I have used Pampers for each of my children and intend t use them for any future kids. Love the umbilical cord cutout and color-change line on the smallest sizes especially.
I used pampers swaddlers from when my little boy was a newborn. They were the only diapers that held everything in!
I've used pampers since day one of bringing my little one home. They are so great with keeping her dry especially during the night. She sleeps so well and doesn't usually wake up during the night. I especially liked the diapers with the line on the front when she was a newborn to tell if she was wet. Very very helpful for being new parents. Definitely the best diapers around! !
I loved these! We had some trouble with blow outs (breast fed babies have them often, in my experience) but, otherwise, they were better than the competition!
Became hooked on these diaper when my daughter was born. 20 months later still using them.
These diaper can be your best friend. They hold a lot and rarely ever leak.
Our son is now a month old and the Pampers swaddlers are our favorite diaper. I love being able to tell if he has a wet diaper just by looking at the strip. I haven't had any leakage issues either which are important.
We started our little one in Pampers Swaddlers when he was born because that's what the hospital gave us. Well, we loved them all much we've kept buying them! We started in premie size and have been very pleased with the absorbent quality of the diaper as well as the fit--it wasn't easy finding things that fit his little butt! We've had zero trouble with leaking and he's had some pretty big 'explosions'!
Works good when they are small. When they get bigger or start moving they don't hold everything in.
I like how they fit and the yellow line is good but they aren't good for babies that move around a lot
Overall the Swaddlers are good diapers. My only problem is the cost. Babies go through too many diapers to always be buying the swaddlers.
I've tried other brands mostly looking for something that cost less but I always come back to Pampers! The quality is great and doesn't cause any allergic reaction to either of my babies.
I used pampers with my first child and am continuing to purchase with my second. I prefer the swaddlers for their softness.
We used Pampers with all 3 of my children, and loved them for all three. Of all the brands we've tried along the way, none were as good as Pampers. The Swaddlers were great when they were little bitty because they were soft, gentle, and had a snug fit without leaving marks on their skin.
Leaked on several occasions leaving our babies very wet
My son is 4 months and we have used Pampers Swaddlers since he was born. Very few blowouts and no leaks. My boy can soak a diaper and I have been impressed with the abosorbency of Pampers Swaddlers. We have tried samples of both Huggies and Honest Co. diapers, but both my husband and I prefer the Pampers Swaddlers. They are softer and fit better.
I used only pampers products for my son who is now 3 and I just recently had a newborn and wouldn't use anything other than pampers swaddlers for her as well. They're absorbency is perfect and my son never had a diaper rash and I expect the same this time around. Love Pampers!
I have 3 children; 14, 11, and 5 weeks. With each of my children I have tried all the value brands and name brands, it neve fails I always go back to Pampers.
I have been using pampers swaddlers since my 3
Month old was born! I love them, the stripe makes changing so easy! The feel is great and my baby is always
Dry, she is yet to get diaper rash and loves to hang out in just her diaper which I know she won't leak while playing naked!
I used Swaddlers for my newborn and really loved most everything about them. I loved the lining in the diaper, how soft they are, and how they don't have bright characters all over them. HOWEVER, why don't they just put elastic on the back?? We ALWAYS had blowouts up the back of the diaper- as in, almost every poopy diaper change. If they would just add that one feature, we would be hooked!
After trying several brands of diapers given as gifts, Pampers Swaddlers was the clear winner for me. They fit great and they are so soft on my baby's new skin. The absorbency is unmatched and pulls moisture away from my daughter's bottom, which helps ensure a good nights' rest!
Pampers never lets me down. I love the swaddlers diapers for newborns especially.
I used pampers with my oldest daughter who is now 7 and now I'm using them with my newborn. I will never use anything other than pamper products on my children. I love the indication line and the fact there is no smell. We received soo many other brands of diapers at my baby shower we returned them for store credit and purchased Pampers.
Pampers Swaddlers are the best diaper on the market I have found that keeps my baby the driest. I can depend on them even when she sleeps for long hours at night. The color changing indicator is also a plus!
I like swaddlers so much more! They have less leaks and are softer than baby dry!
I am on baby #2 and still in love with my Pampers Swaddlers! I am having an issue this time around with my son as he has very chunky legs and an average size waist so to get his waist to fit his legs would be to tight and to get legs to fit you cant tighten up waist enough. I have found if the waist straps were a lil longer this would be no problem. These diapers keep him dry and we have not had any "backside eruptions" with these like other brands have done and it is not fun dealing with poo that went up the back.
With my daughter, who was average size, we never had any issue with these diapers at all.
I found for new moms/dads the color changing line was a great help. It will change with even just the littlest amount of wetness so you might change a little more often that really needed but it will keep them from get a rash from sitting in a wet diaper cause you didn't realize they went potty.
Overall I am happiest when these are the diapers on my kids :)
Pampers is out first choice for everything. I've bought others brands before but for some reason pampers just stands out to me. Best product for your dollar!!'
I have tried all brands of diapers and the pampers swaddle is my top pick.
Pampers might not be the cheapest, but they are the best. These are the only diapers we don't have messes with.
When we switched sizes of this diaper (we were well within the size range overlap), we had some issues with BMs traveling up the back of her diaper. It resulted in several clothing items being ruined. Not quite sure why this happened, other than maybe our baby's body dimensions weren't a good fit for the next size up.

As she gained more weight, the diapers fit better and we're happy with them. Next time, we'll use caution when upping a size based on her weight alone.
swaddles are still my first choice but I also buy these for daytime use.
We chose to use Swaddlers on our children first out of the hospital. We rarely had the leaks or blowouts that we heard horror stories of. Overall, we'd use them again!
My family uses this brand so when they recommended Pampers to me I knew I wanted to use this product for my first child.
My daughter loves her Pampers Swaddlers! She sleeps through the night and they keep her dry and comfortable!
I only use Pampers Swaddlers for my now 1 year old and 2 1/2 year old. I even was involved in a diaper study trying out other brands and still noticed Pampers held up better than other generic brands.
We have been using swaddlers since introduced to them in the hospital when my daughter was born. They work for us, and I'm glad the bigger sizes are options. So much else is changing that I like to stay with the same diaper type.
Work great at keeping everything in and not on my little ones cloths
Great quality, my baby likes it very much.
The size can not control very well.
My boy used 2 box in one month.
So a little expensive for me.
But I like pampers, it is better than others.
We used these diapers with our son from birth until recently when we switched to cloth! Personally I love the swaddlers more than the cloth when it comes to absorbency of liquid and smell. Cost wise they are a little expensive for a single income family, but like with everything you get what you pay for! When it comes to your baby, you only what the best for their bum, that is why we chose swaddlers from the beginning!
my son does so good in these diapers. they keep him dry. i havent seen one bit of rash since switching to your brand! around the leg fit was a little loose but all in all im thrilled with this product. thank you.
I love pampers swaddlers! My son is 3 months old and we have tried many different diapers but always come back to swaddlers they keep him dry and diaper rash free!
It's great for newborns and I would recommend this
Pamper swaddles is very good product by pampers, it fits good to my baby, absorbency is really good, but prices are relatively high so sometime it's not affordable to the monthly budget specially when baby start teething
My baby boy stays nice and dry. All other brands leak for us!
Pampers Swaddlers is my favorite brand that Pampers offers. I feel that the shape and size fits my baby the best. The color-changing wetness indicator is very helpful.
I loved this diaper for my son in the early months. The wetness indicator let me know when my son was wet, and the mesh liner helped keep him dry. We did have a few issues with leaks and a few "poopsplosions", but the positives outweighed the negatives.
Pampers brand is hands down the best! I tried to save money as most mother's have I am sure and tried multiple brands of diapers and found that Pampers were indeed the best. My son has very sensitive skin and all other diapers gave him rashes. I have continued to use Pampers products and will as he is in pull ups now and I am using the Pampers brand. The absorbency is amazing and also fits similar enough to underwear to help assist with potty training.
Great fit and very absorbent. It is easier to maintain baby dry with the wetness detector and they are very soft on baby's skin.
I'm a first time mom and I've been trying different brands as recommended by friends. So far, these super soft diapers keep my baby boy dry and happy.
These are very absorbent and have never leaked. The liner helps protect from blowouts, though we still have them from time to time. My 11 week old baby hasn't had any diaper rash, although I do dry him with a wet washcloth after using wipes at every diaper change.
I have tried Huggies and my son would wake up soaking wet but with any of the pampers my son wakes up dry.
We used the Swaddlers from newborn up until they didn't make them in her size anymore. At that point we went to Baby Dry, but now they are making Swaddlers in my baby's size so we go back to them every now and again. It's not as important at this age to see the wetness indicator, but the fit is still pretty good.
When my little one was a newborn these were the diapers I sore buy. They fit her the best and never left her wet or with a rash. As she got older I thought they were not a good fit for her. Defiantly good for newborns!
Baby definitely stays dry,no problems with leaks; but there is a lot of material in the crotch area. I don't think the swaddlers really contour to baby's form very well.
Pampers swaddlers are the only diaper for us. They fit very well. But, the sizes could use an inbetween stage such as half sizes. They keep my son very dry. He is 8 months old and we have had zero diaper rash. They are expensive and that is the only bad thing I have to say. I would reccomend them to anyone. :)
Those are very good quality products . Baby is very comfortable , and fit
I have tried several brands of diapers but have found that I like Pampers the most - from the swaddlers up to the pull-ups my son is now it. We are expecting our 2nd child and I have been stocking up on Pampers. They are just an excellent quality diaper that do not feel papery or like plastic. Thank you Pampers!
I have always trusted Pampers products with all three of our children. The swaddlers are the best for newborns with the dip in the front to keep their umbilical cord safe. The baby dry are awesome for bedtime because I know she isn't waking up every three hours to be changed. They will hold alot and still keep her bottom dry.And I am a breastfeeding Mom so when she was about two months old she used the bathroom alot and the swaddlers always held everything in. I never had to worry about leaks or anything coming out the top of her diapers. I am a Pampers MOM!
We tried a bunch of other diapers but we like Pampers Swaddlers the best.
Works great for my son who tends to wet through his diapers!
I like the Pampers Swaddlers,because it is soft and I didn't need to change the diaper with the whole night,the baby could sleep very well.
These diapers are great, Only thing I could do without is the strong baby powder smell. These are also lacking the very useful cut out for the umbilical cord. But overall I do like these diapers and highly recommend them.
We love pampers swaddlers. They absorb much better than other brands and fit very well.
I love the Pamper's Diapers. They are the only brand I buy for my little one. We started with the Swaddlers but now only use the Baby Dry.
These diapers are great when babies are little and diaper changes are frequent bu they do not hold as much as pampers baby dry which is not good when baby starts slepping through the night. You also get more diapers in a box of the baby dry, so swaddlers are not as great a value as baby dry. They do have super soft exteriors which I loved when my little guy was small.
I love how soft the swaddlers feel and am glad they now go up to size 5. They fit the best on my daughter.
I have 2 kids and have always preferred pampers over all other diapers that I have tried. They are thinner than other diapers and overall fit is better as well.
This is my favorite diaper. Good adsorbency and gentle on baby skin
Pampers swaddlers are soft, fit well, but we've had some leaks.
Wonderful diaper..we used them on both of our boys for the first few months. They seemed to keep them nice and dry.
I prefer pampers diapers over any other diaper brand.
Thanks for you products. My baby use your poducts since his birth
Great product keep my lil dude happy doesn't stay as dry as the commercial suggest but still better than other brands we've tried still a little pricey
good product. Wish it was cheaper but diaper prices are all the same
I love the wetness indicator, it has been extremely helpful in keeping me from having to guess if baby really is wet.
We use these diapers during the day and haven't had any problems with messy cleanups. It's especially great that the diapers ride higher in the back and the indicator is always a plus.
No issues with swaddlers-good fit, stayed dry, soft
Great absorbency.. However I don't like how it looks like the diaper seperates into two thin materials and sticks to baby's butt.
Having had two boys who lost 10%of their weight after birth, I was directed by the pediatrician to watch & count wet diapers. The color changing indicator helped tremendously in counting & keeping track of the tiniest bit of wetness. My only complaint was the inner mesh lining would stick to their circumcisions if I didn't apply enough Vasaline. Overall though these are my favorites for newborns!
Out of the diapers we've tried for our newborn, we liked pampers swaddlers the best. It fits her perfectly and the design is much better than other brands. Price is also similar to others. Will continue to use pampers swaddlers in the future and will recommend to friends with babies.
Great diaper for my one month old. It is pricy but well worth it.
These have worked great and kept baby dry through the night
Pampers swaddlers diapers are great. I love the wetness indicator and find it very useful in keeping my newborn dry and happy. They do not always hold her BMs and that's where I would make improvements.
The absorbency is good, it can be improved though. The wetness indicator is a great way to know when to change the diaper.
The fit is great on a newborn!
excellent for longdrive & overnight great value i can find in any stores is goodthing
This diaper is soft, durable and ultra-absorbent. The tiny newborn diapers fit securely around the legs and snugly across the belly.
we love these. very well fitting and keeps baby dry.
I received a few different types of diapers at my baby shower and have been using all of them, but the Swaddlers are my favorite so far. I have tried Pampers Baby Dry, Pampers Swaddlers, Huggies lil Snugglers, Huggies Snug and Dry, and the generic Walgreens Brand. They always seem to fit well, and hardly ever leak. I found that as long as I make sure the edges around my son's legs are pulled out that I have no leaks, unless it is up his back. I think if pampers made the part that fits around the back with a little more stretch, like the huggies lil snugglers, there would be absolutely no leaks. Even with that being said, they are still my favorite. They are on the more expensive side of the diaper spectrum, but with coupons it is not so bad and totally worth it.
I love pamper swaddlers and expecially pampers baby dry. Improve the absorbency for overnight.
I would definitely recommend this brand. It keeps my baby dry and does not irritate or cover his belly stump.
I was buying Swaddlers sensitive for my newborn and tried just regular Swaddlers. My baby did not have any issues using this these diapers
Have been using pamper brand since my L.O. Was born, I have tried other brands from free samples in the mail but pampers has a better fit for my LO and kept dry longer.
I noticed that these worked great for my son but only up to size 2. After that size, I switched to the cruisers because it had a better fit for him and less accidental wetness. Other than that I would recommend these diapers.
I wish the Swaddlers held more urine than they do. For that reason I like the Pampers Dry at night and the Swaddlers during the day where I can keep a better eye on his diapers. My son seems to be wet a lot during the day and I change him every 2 hrs if not more. Wish the price wasn't so high. I also wish they had more diapers when buying in bulk for the price.
I like them they last longer than huggies. The fitting is ok and I like that my daughter doesn't get any diaper rash with these.
Softest diaper on the market
Great absorbency
Wetness indicator works grest
I love pampers they don't leak and fit baby's perfectly
very good for new born baby, hospital uses them, works well . kept my girls from getting a rash.. the only diaper that did..
These were the diapers reccomended by the hospital.
The pampers swadders are great diapers. They fit well and are fairly absorbent (although not the best I've seen). They run bigger than Huggies which is a big plus for my bigger than average baby.
Very good products would tell others to buy this product
I love the pampers swaddlers especially for newborns but am very glad that they now come in larger sizes because they are so soft, keep baby very dry, and I love the yellow to green line to indicate when they are wet.
I have always and will always use pampers for my babies.
Swaddlers are amazing! My little guy is known to make quite the mess in his diaper and after trying many different brands and varieties of diapers, swaddlers are the ones I choose as a mom. The unique absorb away liner is perfect for his sensitive skin and keeping diaper rash away. Plus the wetness indicator is the best, especially when you are up in the middle of the night after a feeding and attempting to change your little ones diaper!
Good for newborns, not great for older babies. Buy for newborns
Love the strip to indicate the diaper is wet and ready to change. I used Pampers with my daughter and plan to use them with my son.
I really like Pampers products. Specially the wipes!
These diapers are great! They don't leak and fit really great! I can go a full night without a diaper change due to capacity but my daughter gets fussy because she feels the wetness. Overall a good diaper.
As a first time mom, I was not sure what diapers would be best for my little one. I chose Pampers based on the reputation and have been happy with the consistent quality. I have tried samples of other diapers that are supposed to be comparable, but they are not as gentle on my baby's skin and they don't provide the absorbency that Pampers do.
I have to say that since my baby was born , pampers swaddlers were my first and only choice. The wetness indicator really helped out as well. Now my husband changes more diapers because of the indicator.
My daughter started out tiny...she was born at 37wks +1d and weighed 6lb 4oz. She is now 5mos old and weighs over 16lb. She's a little rolie-polie and has chunky thighs (just like her Mama!). You do get less diapers for your money than other Pampers types and the fit isn't always that great for chunkier babies. We've had two "explosions" with Swaddlers due to the issue of them not enclosing around her thighs all the way. We have tried other brands, however, and will never buy anything other than Pampers as we had more "explosions" with others. We did try the other two types of Pampers diapers and I personally prefer Cruisers over the Swaddlers for my bigger baby. But if your baby is on the smaller side, as my daughter was in the beginning, they are perfect! My daughter currently wears size 3 Swaddlers but the next size up I will most likely purchase Cruisers. Not at all because I dislike Swaddlers, but simply because she is a little chunky monkey. I loved them when she was smaller and if the fit was a little better as she's grown, I'd stick with them. As for absorbency and dryness, my daughter has not encountered any diaper rash, even with starting solid foods. She also can get through 12 hours of sleep without wake-ups! Granted, the diaper seems to weigh as much as she does when she does wake, but she stays dry and can sleep from 8:30pm to anywhere from 6am-9am without complaining of a wet diaper!
I have tried Huggies, Loves, Target, Walgreens and LUVS, Pampers are my favorite.
However when My little one was just brand new we had to use chlorine free diapers b/c she was allergic to the chlorine in the diapers, wish pampers would have made chlorine free diapers. We used Earths best and Seventh Generation they actually were great too.
Pampers Swaddlers have been the best diapers for my little boy. He is always comfortable and the diapers fit well, and he always stays dry.
Good fit for my baby. They are leak proof which is very nice.
I love the swaddler diapers for babies. They are soft on their baby skin.
These were my go to diapers when my daughter was a newborn and infant. When she hit size 4 we switched to cruisers because they are more absorbent.
This is my third child that I have used pampers. I love pampers and think the are a great value.
I really love pampers and they have been my go to after trying other brands, my only suggestion would be a size inbetween NB and 1. My DD was having blow out in size NB so we switched to size 1 and they were way too big. I had to pull them up very high and overlap the side tabs to have them fit. After three weeks of this my DD is finally fitting into size 1. I would still rather use too big pamper than any other brand out there though.
Pampers Swaddlers are the diaper of choice for our baby. They are soft and very absorbent.
Nice diapers not cheap not a good fit.
For our newborn, I had to fold the top so it won't hurt the belly button.
That was not comfortable.
They are not cheap at the store and cost twice the store brand.
I LOVE Pampers Swaddlers Diapers color changing wetness indicator.
Loved the urine indicator for newborns but don't care for it when they are older. Fits snug which I liked and can alter from this one and the cruiser for fitting purpose.
I am a big fan of Pampers Swaddlers. From the day my son was born, these have been the diaper of choice and don't disappoint. The stripe technology is such a great feature, especially the first couple months. We have had very few catastophic leaks, and usually they are due to user error. Overall, a great product, though I have to say I am quite looking forward to potty training someday in the distant future :)
I think these diapers work great for the first few weeks, but I find that as the baby moves out of the newborn diapers, they aren't as absorbent as the baby pees more.
So soft on babies skin n love the notch when baby is home from hospital with a tender tummy
I have a 10 week old girl so I have only used the Newborn & size 1 diapers so far. I do really like them I just wish there wasn't such a seemingly big size difference between Newborn & size 1...other than that they are great!
It seems that every other diaper I would try , they would leak. But I can trust pamper swaddlers. The only negative thing I have to say is sometimes we have diaper explosions but I doubt any diapers could hold my sons in. These are the only diapers I put on my baby
Love that pampers swaddlers come in bigger sizes now! My 8 month old daughter can still wear these for awhile. Absorbency is great! Especially overnight- no leaks!
The Pampers swaddlers are so soft and rash free.. My baby is always comfortable in this and does not get any diaper rash. These diapers are of a great quality that will really help during nights for a longer stay...
I like these diapers overall. My son never has a rash when he wears these diapers.
I only buy pampers because of the fit. However, swaddlers are not cheap and getting fewer and fewer diapers in the box as your baby grows is dissuading. I've switched to baby dry without the wetness indicator because you get more diapers in the box. So far I have not found a diaper that keeps my twins dry through the night. I've tried them all even the night specific diapers.
Great diaper to keep the little ones dry! Just make sure you have the right size - I found I've needed to up one size far before the maximum weight allowance.
I used Swaddlers when my son was an infant. Right before he turned one I searched for a tabless diaper. My son fights every diaper change and the tabs were to much. I tried buggies because it has a Velcro tab or you can just pull them up which is more convenient and something pampers doesn't offer but the buggies didn't fit his butt. We now use the easy ups. They are still a bit small for his butt (which I think you need to adjust because he can't fit in 2t-3t at 16 months) but the easy ups are cheaper you get more diapers to a box and I find they absorb better than Swaddlers! I also use the baby dry extra protection at night. They are great but he can't were them all the time because he gets a rash from all the absorbency.
The swaddlers are not my favorite because of the absorbency. I loved them when I had a newborn, but they become less effective the older the baby gets. I love the wetness indicator and I used the preemie size diaper for a long time. Great product.
Pampers always ensures they make a quality product. Although I believe the price is steep, I still occasionally purchase these diapers.
They keep my son dry all night long. I recommend pampers to new parents.
I love pamper products and have been using them for years. The only problem I have are the wipes. They are to thin.
When my kids were new babies, we definitely went with Swaddlers. The umbilical cord notch, the softness, the wetness indicator...all made them worth it. After a few months, though, we switched to a less expensive brand. (Although with my DD, we did buy the nighttime diapers for a while because she sleeps with her bum in the air, and the cheaper brands didn't make it through the night w/o leaks.) All in all, a great product, which I'd have used longer if there weren't other brands that get the job done for much less.
This diaper is soft and absorbable, easy to put on and is odorless, great diaper
This diaper pretty good , it's No leaking over night, and fit the body very well ,
great quality product for an affordable price.
the color-changing wetness indicator is very helpful.
I was given Swaddlers for my first baby and they worked really nicely for the first three months. The only thing I noticed was they leaked up the back for my daughter. The backs are not fitted and seem to gap on my daughter.
I used Pampers Swaddlers for my first child and am using them now again for my second. I was given different brands of diapers as gifts and found that the swaddlers fit much better. I did not have leaking and the wetness indicator was a great easy to read tool. Also I started collecting rewards points and have gotten some great gifts for my boys.
I have used pampers since my daughter was born (she is now 2) and i would not change them for anything. However i have noticed that the absorbency has changed in size 4. I would still recommend pampers to anyone since its a trustworthy brand of diapers!
Great fit and absorbency for newborn. Prefer them to any other brand of swaddlers.
Not as cheap as some other diapers but my baby really loves Swaddlers! If it keeps him from crying then we're both happy!!!
Great diaper only reason I took off a star is I prefer the sensitive ones to these. they are sooo soft and definitely our favorite!
Pampers Swaddlers are mine and my husbands favorite diapers for our 3 month old baby boy. He can wear them all night and still be comfortable without a diaper change. He is growing quickly and they fit him the best out of all other brands we have tried! We will continue to use pampers brands in our home!
I loved this product for my baby because they are so soft. Although you get less diapers per pack than the baby dry kind. I used these up to size 2 then switched to baby dry.
I have purchased these over the past two years. I have tried other brands for lower prices but always come back to pampers because the quality is always reliable. Other diapers have undesirable odors or leak after a long night, but pampers are consistently great.
My baby likes pamper diaper more than the others, and all the pamper products are good quality
My baby's skin is better then with other diapers!!
The diapers are super soft and cozy. The only fault I found was that they feel damp, right thru the clothes, as soon as the baby wets. It doesn't even need to be a lot of urine to feel damp...
Swaddlers were the first diapers I used on my baby. I was given other brands and I can't even compare them to swaddlers!
My baby and i luv, luv, luv swaddlers, they keep baby dry longer and mommy happy. Swaddlers work better for my baby then Pampers Baby Dry keeping his baby bottom with hardly any diaper rashes.
I used these alot when my little one was little :) great product.
I really enjoy pampers swaddlers. My only complaint is that even after one or 2 "Peeps" the outside of her diaper always seems damp. They do fit great and we have been using them since day 1 with her.
These diapers generally do the job, not too many blow outs.
I love the diapers. They are leak proof if you don't leave them on for over extreme hours. Good absorbency and fit. Good overall product for your new baby.
We used Huggies while our first son was in the hospital but once he was out we switched to Pampers Swaddlers Sensitive and now we use regular Swaddlers. I really like the wetness indicator. These diapers work great over night especially with keeping the wetness away from his delicate skin.
The hospital sent us home with Pampers Swaddlers, so that was what I used with Newborn and Size 1 diapers. I received other diapers as a gift and decided to give them a try. Big mistake! In the two days our daughter wore the other diapers she had three major blowouts. She also seems to stay much drier in the Pampers.
I really enjoy using this diapers. My baby seems to be very comfortable.
Like how it's not so tight fitting. Still gives room for baby to move around.
I have twins who are very different but Swaddlers work great for both! One of my boys has very sensitive skin and Swaddlers keep him dry and irritation rash free!! My other son is very active and we have no problems with leaks!
We prefer the swaddles sensitive for fit, but these diapers are good value at price clubs where the sensitive version is not always available. we love the line to tell if diaper is wet.
use this diaper for the first time when our little boy was born and fall in love this product. very soft and my son has no diaper rash at all
Keep baby dry and comfy. Fit is okay but I prefer the Pampers Baby Dry they seem to fit better.
These are the best brand of diapers we've used. They are very absorbent and my baby never got a rash.
We started with these at birth and have continued with them right through to six months. Love the wetness indicator in the early days and the absorbency is great now that he sleeps long stretches at night. Only issue is sometimes messes can come up out the back.
Just had my newborn 1 month ago and started using the Pampers Swaddlers right away.awesome product!
I LOVE HOW THEY FIT AND THEY STAY DRY. I ALSO LIKE THE FACT THEY HAVE IN SIZE 5 TOO. My baby started wearing it size born because they help me when he is ready for a diaper just love the diaper i so recommend this product
We've tried 3 different name brand diapers on our daughter and prefer these because of their absorbency and fit. My only complaint about fit is the strap that goes around the leg seems a little low on her hips but that could be because she's very tall. We've only had 1 "blowout" in a month and love the blue indicator strip. You've made this part of parenting easier!!
These diapers are great for NB. I love the line that shows you when baby is wet however now that my baby is older I bought the size one's and I notice shes getting damp on her clothes leaking so I changed to pampers baby dry another great product by pampers! THKS Pampers for taking care of baby and me!!
pampers diapers a so good in comparison with other kinds and brands. I used to use some other brands, but it turn out unsatisfied. My baby got wet or dirty that I was not aware of, no clear indicator. My baby got dirty up to his back due to low absorption level of other brands. My baby got hot and sweet since they do no vitalize well enough.
Love pampers swaddlers!! We've tried them all and Pampers have never let us down!
I love these and so foes my daughter. Im starting to believe she doesnt even realize when theyre wet.
I really like how soft these diapers are. They have good absorbency also. Unfortunately they don't fit my son very well and do seem to leak on occasion.
the new design with the green lining feels thinning but the front closure straps are shorter. i liked older design better
Our son sleeps 8 hours at a time at night. We choose not to wake him to change him. These diapers hold up!!
they are really good. this do not give ny rashes alsi, fits also perfect.
overall i love it
This diaper is so soft and it is very absorbent. They really do offer the snuggle-ness I was looking for.
Love Pampers product generally. When my son was born I chose Swaddlers instead since it has the indicator to tell when it is is wet so I know when it's time to change his diaper.
We thought that another leading brand of diapers would be as good, but we were sadly mistaken. The proof was the in the diaper, or to be more precise, not in the diaper. The Swaddlers fits my daughter very well, especially around her cute little thighs, and keeps those explosive surprises contained !
I never used any other brand for newborn. I have had leaky
sometimes, but it's from back, not from side. I think it's very difficult to prevent leaking especially newborn (and especially breast fed) on their back even I use other brand anyways...
I'm on my first pregnancy right now, but with experience of changing many babies, I found pampers the best. Flexible & movable and also found the absorbency is great. I plan on using them with my baby girl
Had used Huggies little snugglers until about 4-5 months then discovered pampers swaddlers! Work great during the day for every day leaks and poops. However, not the best for overnight dryness. Baby wakes up wet everytime if we go more than 6 hrs overnight without a change.
We have used and loved pampers for both of my kids. I tried cheaper brands and always went back to pampers. They have no scent and absorb well. They also fit great for body shape. I am glad to see they come in more sizes than when I had my little one.
I love pampers swaddlers, the stretch the wetness indicator , the feel of the diaper. The pampers qaulity has truly improved since I had me last child.
Great for newborn! These have been so easy and great for our newborn. We had free samples of other brands, but the fit was off and they didn't hold up as well. After using the samples of other brands we new pampers where the only diapper we would be buying.
Swaddlers were almost cotton like and I really appreciated the the wetness strip that tells you when the diaper is wet.
I have tried several different brands for my 6 month old. I keep coming back to Pampers Swaddlers!
The amount that spent for diaper is very much worth.
I have been using swaddlers for most of my daughters' 2 years of life. They are very absorbent and very comfortable. They do not however last her through the whole night. I do have to change her once to avoid leaks.
I gave been using pampers for 3 years for both of my kids and never used any other product.
Newborn size leaked with my newborn (under 7 pounds) in the back when baby laid on his back. No elastic band in back, but this improved as baby grew and leaking stopped.
Pampers is the best product money can buy. Money is hard to come by these days and Pampers understands this by providing a quality product for the right price. Thank you Pampers for making a quality product affordable!
Keeps baby dry and comfortable. Wish diapers were not so expensive all together but Pampers Swaddlers are the right choice for me and my family!
We first used Huggies and it would often leak. Since we have switched to Pampers we have not had to worry anymore!
I really like how pampers swaddlers fit my babies.
Great product I love it my son does too super comfy
Pampers diapers is a little bit tight for my baby than Huggins. However, it is more soft and it is perfectly dry.
I pretty much only use Pampers Swaddlers for my son. Consistently, they are the only diapers that are gentle on his rear end and do not leak. We did try a couple other brands (generic and low-end brands) and came right back to Pampers after being very dissatisfied.

My husband loves the wetness indicator strip and how little they leak, so he told me to just buy Pampers from that point forward--it was worth the extra cost to him!
fit my baby really well, and it is great that it has wetness indicator.
I like the swaddlers but they are expensive. It is worth the extra cost in my opinion
Some brands that have the umbilical cord notch do not come up high enough in the front for little boys. Pampers give the best coverage for boys. They are soft and great for sensitive skin. I would definitely recommend Pampers.
Swaddlers diapers are an excellent value (especially when you buy in bulk) and hold up better compared to other diapers. They fit my son very well and are very absorbent. The wet indicator strip is good for any parent that hates sticking his/her nose too close to see if it's time for a dipey change!
When our daughter was in the 'in between' stage where newborn diapers were too small but size 1 diapers still being somewhat big, the Pampers Swaddlers were the best fit out of all the major brands.
Work great! Keep baby fry and rash free. Did have some leaking issues when using vaseline after circumcision.
These fit real well with having the stretchy tags and love the extra layer for around legs, only thing I don't like is they are little pricey
I really like the fit and the easiness of putting them on. I like that they do not curl in like Huggies do so the wings on the legs are usually out to prevent leakage. I also like that they have a wetness detector.
Been using this brand since my son was born. I like the wetness indicator stripe.
So far so good. I have a newborn, 4 weeks old and no complaints. Considering I have never changed a diaper before I found these easy to use and I like the color changing strip.That really helps a new mom :)
Used these for my newborn. Her butt kind of stuck to the inner lining, but it kept her super dry. I would use these again :)
I live the softness of these diapers. My husband refuses to bug anything else!
I think pampers has the best products , especially for newborns who have extra sensitive skin.
We only use Pampers. The only diapers I have found not to leak, we love them!
Love the line that turns a different color letting you know the baby went potty and does not smell too much through the diaper. Only negative thing is that you feel the dampness sometimes
I'm using both Cruisers and Swaddlers with my 6 month old. They don't leak at night but we have had some issues with the cruisers leaking from the back when she's more active during the daytime hours.
I am a mom of a soon to be 2 year old and a 7 year old! I've trusted pampers for years.
It absorbs pretty well and I love the wet diaper line indicator to know when to change my baby's diaper.
Pampers do not disappoint especially when they make it so easy to tell when they need to be changed. The blue lines are great!
It's amazing to me that there is such a difference between pampers diapers and other brands! I've tried other brands...only because they were on sale...well, you get what you pay for. The absorbency that pampers provides is top notch. I have never had a blowout!
I think pamper swaddlers are great diapers but very expensive.
I have always been using pampers diapers for my baby girl. All the different kinds are all great. Keep her dry and confortable. Pampers products are great!
Nice fit. my boy likes it. fits well and no issue.
Pampers Swaddle diapers are great for my little baby. She sleeps through the night with just the single diaper. No dampness or leaks in the morning. We love Pampers Swaddle diapers.
Pampers swaddlers are the only diapers we use. They keep our baby dry and keep accidents to a minimum. We have tried other brands people have given us but pampers are by far superior.
Love swaddlers!! The only diapers I use on my kids!
I love how soft these diapers are and are the best daytime diaper! Even the biggest blowouts are cleaner in the swaddlers. These are the only ones we use in our little girl...and baby dry at night!
We have tried several brand of diapers and yet pampers swaddlers is the best so far! It's very soft and never leaks..plus, my daughter loves the sesame street design on it. Recommended!
We love Pampers, however we found that the Baby Dry diapers worked on our son better. He has little chicken legs so we found that anytime he was on his side, he would leak. Baby Dry diapers are a little tighter on the leg and work better for us. Still love the swaddlers for chunky boys and for girls!
Pampers are always reliable. However, I have a new package of the Swaddlers and they don't have any side tabs on them?! I may purchase them again but find it odd that this part of the diaper was missing.
I love pampers swaddlers, but my son seemed to always leak out the back of the diaper.
I have always liked pampers products, would recommend
Good quality and keep wetness in. We use pampers exclusively
I will buy it later. This product value the price.
I use them for diaper wreaths and love them - and baby #1 is will be here in 4 weeks. We are excited to put them to good use!
Great product. Hope it will prove better product at the cheaper price in the future
I like it. It is worth the money.My daugter can sleep through the night without changing diapers.
Of all the diapers we've tried, and we've tried a lot, we have found the Swaddlers perform the best for our son, especially when he was ill this winter/spring. They had their work cut out for them with the runny diapers!
I love the material of these diapers. They absorb more moisture so I don't have to wake my daughter up through the night to change her! I absolutely love Pampers.
These diapers are good, but still prefer the Pampers Swaddlers for my little one. She stays dry and they fit her snug. Would be a good diaper, but will stay a swaddler buyer for sure!
I love these diapers
They fit great
Absorbs wsll and no leaks
The softest diaper! And great for beginners the with wetness indicator line, my husband loved that! They don't hold a lot of urine, so we switched to baby dry because of nights. Love all pamper products!
I love pampers diapers they are great quality diapers I use all pamper products from my daughter
My number one choice has been pampers. These diapers work great!!
I love that Swaddlers diaper has a strip to let me know when their is wetness. Also, my baby can sleep through the night without needing a diaper change, more sleep for him and I!
they fit very good and are very absorbent. They don't sag right away.
Good diapers. However, last box came defective and I realized it when I was about to finish all diapers.

Every time my baby got a dirty diaper, I had to change my baby's outfit and mine! I did not know what was wrong until I realized that the inner elastic/protection on the right side was 'like glued' to the diaper and not acting as a barrier. :-(

Hopefully, this will not happen again. I like Pampers!
Good diapers. They fit well. Didnt have many leaks.
These are very good products to use. I like the wipes anne how they come in diffrent. Things like scented and sesative. Also the diapers are the same way
I have tried every brand of diaper out there and I always come back to pampers. Well worth the extra dollar here and there. Love the swadlers! Having a preemie, most things don't fit well because of his size. We have never had an accident or experienced leaks with pampers.
I really like this product, it is very soft and comfortable
I highly recommend this bran and you get a great product for your dollar.
Every mother wants best for their babies so thats why i picked pampers swaddlers. they stay dry if the right size is selected for the baby. sometimes my baby sleeps over night in one diaper but it stays dry and leak proof for the most part. absorption is so good that chances of getting rashes are minimal
Pampers diapers fit very well, seem to be comfortable for the baby... no pinches on the legs and we love the yellow line that turns blue when baby is wet!
I have not had any problem with day time diapers but the night time diapers leak sometimes... they do not hold up to the Huggies Night time diapers.
Our little one stays dry and happy longer in her Pampers Swaddlers. Especially overnight! The swaddlers are a BIG WIN in our home. I recommend them to all.
Great diapers. I've used them for my first child and now 10years later on my second child!
I LOVE pampers. The only thing I'd really change is the back of the diaper. My little one has too many blow-outs and it always comes up the back with pampers. They need to make swaddlers with elastic like other brands do.
Great product! The Swaddler fits my slim baby well!
Good product as usual. I would recommend this to anyone.
Being a new mom, I had no idea where to turn. Too many people, with too many opinions on what's the best, so I became my own consumer reports. Pampers swaddlers are a little more pricey but you get what you pay for. My LO is happy, dry and diaper rash free. I have to admit I love that wetness indicator too. It's a great perk on a great diaper! Thanks Pampers
I love pampers. Ive tried other brands and my baby would be wet all the time because it wouldnt absorb enough.
I like the overall quality of the pampers swaddlers. I like the fit and stretchiness of the tabs. Although, we do have some leakage issues after my baby sleeps through the night.
I enjoy all brands of Pampers but I lean mostly towards Ultra Cruisers, Baby Dry and Cruisers. They are the most absorbent, softest and fit the best. Definitely my go-to diapers for my 21 month old twins!
the diapers fit great but I had to change brands due to sensitivity on newborn skin.
Overall, I like Pampers Swaddlers. However, I am having to transition to an overnight diaper now that my child is 4 months old and sleeping longer at night. By morning, there's usually substantial dampness from the diaper being full.
I've used the same diapers since my daughter was born. They're by far the best diapers I've ever used.
These fit good, love the feel and the dryness of these.
I had a selection of diapers that I was given at my baby shower and the hospital. Out of all the different brands I chose to continue with Pampers because it's affordable and it gets the job done.

I just wish it had elastic in the back to help prevent accidents :)
This my second child an I have used every brand of diaper made. The pampers swaddlers is my diaper of choice, I don't have to worry about leaks an blow outs as we call them! It's made to move with your little one and will not let you or the little important guy or girl down!
I used only pampers with my first baby and was always happy with the quality. That was over 7yrs ago when swaddlers only went to size 2 or 3. I then switched over to the babydry at night and cruisers during the day, again no problems what so ever!
When I found myself pregnant again 7yrs later I was so excited to see that swaddlers went to size 5! My excitement was short lived though. My first daughter was long and skinny and had no problems. My 2nd daughter is also long but much heavier with all those baby rolls. Not sure if its the shape of my daughter or changes that have been made to the product. Theses diapers leak with messy infant BM's and when the diaper is wet my daughters clothes always feel damp. I tried up sizing when based on weight I use the bigger size and this was no better. So I have gone to the babydry and these are so much better. No leaks and even with a full wet diaper her clothes don't feel damp. So sad that the swaddlers just didn't work for her, but happy that we can continue to use pampers products since my daughter breaks out in rashes from the other brand diapers and wipes. I think swaddlers are better for skinny kids. My MIL said that pampers only worked for her skinny babies and her chubby baby fit better in the other brand diapers.
All of you guys with a newborn baby should buy this product, its the best.
These are very absorbent and i love that the blue line appears when you need to change them. They are our second favorite pampers diapers. My only issue is they tend to leave a little bit of white lent on him when we take off his diaper. Other than that, theyre great!
All other diapers break out her butt. These are the greatest for keeping her skin looking great.
pampers is our family choice in diapers. They are dependable and easy to find... Two things that are important for a family on the go. We will probably be a pampers family forever. They are absorbent and the indicator is so helpful. I will always recommend these to all my friends and family for their little ones! Thank you pampers for continuing to save lives and clothes!
My son has big messes, most other diapers end up leaking out the mess goes up his back, so far these have been great and prevented that
We used Swaddlers when the kids were very small as the indictor helps alert when children are even a "little" wet. Now we use the baby dry because we feel the fit is better and more come in a box.
Love these diapers for quality and absorbency. The only thing I don't like is if my son poops at night and I don't know the netting of the diaper gets stuck to his butt. Other than that the only problem I have is that his legs are skinny and he leaks sometimes. I wear huggies on him when he first into a size and then use pampers. The pampers vit him longer in a size.
I have to used diapers In 6 years . I just had a baby and pampers definitely has improved . I haven't gotten a leak yet hoping it stays that way.
Pros :This product is great for first time parents and especially father reason being is that it has an indicator to let you know when babys is wet..that's a plus. Boo boo just keep and eye out for that. The quality of the diaper is wonderful compared to others.

Cons:For especially Newborns the pack of Diapers should be more. .know that they good through Diapers like crazy about 8 or more a day. Breastfeeding feeding mortars even more because they good after and sometimes before feeding.
I tried several different brands of diapers on my newborn and Pampers Swadders were the only brand that fit. I also love the baby powder scent.
These diapers are very absorbent. We went up in sizes rather quickly and our son was at a size 4 by about 10 months (draw back that the larger the size the more expensive price per diaper, but this holds true for almost all brands). I love that you can see when a diaper is wet with the indicator line that changes from yellow to blue. Extremely helpful to peak a glance and be able to determine if a change is really necessary. Very helpful for getting a 16 mo. old into bed. Diapers do seem to be a bit tight around the thighs of our baby, but the quality is good that we stick with pampers.
I love the wetness indicator strip, it makes it very quick to tell if the diaper needs to be changed. The diapers are great and stay on well along with feeling soft and comfortable.
I enjoy using Pamper Swaddlers on both of my sons because they hold the wetness in the best. And, I love the Color-changing wetness indicator. You don't even have to take the diaper completely off to know if they are wet or not. Also, the softness of the diaper. I highly recommend these.
I love pampers! I've used both there diapers and wipes for my 3 boys!!!!
Swaddlers have been great for my newborn, she has really wet diapers and the absorbency is very good.
Love pampers diapers. Super absorbent , fit well, and affordable pricing.
As my LO was chunking up, we tried various diapers(Luvs, Huggies, up&up), but in the end always returned to Pampers Swaddlers because it was consistently keeping him dry, especially at night. The snugness keep him dry even through the 12 hour stretch at night. Loved Swaddlers, even though it is a little more expensive, it's worth every penny, especially mommy's time saved from doing laundry every night!
love these diapers especially the wetness indicator
I have big babies and love the expanded sizes; I can keep my little ones in swaddlers now for the same length as typical babies
Great fit and leakness protection! Would highly recommend.
Pampers are the only diapers that keep my little one's clothes dry
These diapers are great, super absorbent and the fresh baby scent is fantastic. The only problem I have is the inner lining. I have a boy and it sticks to his "area" sometimes, but I would definitely recommend these over other brands of diapers any day.
The NICU used pampers for our little boy so we continued to do so once we came home. Loved the umbilical notch. Very soft. The sizing is very accurate to the weight specifications. The only issue we have ever encountered was once he started sleeping for long periods of time was that he had some leakage, but he urinates a lot for a little guy. We simply started using the other pampers product baby dry for night time and problem solved. Love pampers products for our little guy. He started in size N and just moved to size 3.
My favorite thing about these diapers - the line that changes colors!
I have tried every diaper-----these are the best overnight diapers
We aren't very picky when it comes to diapers but these are my preferred diapers as they seem to fit my petite girl the best. They also do the best about keeping my girl dry overnight as she is sleeping through the night already. These are our favorite disposable diapers.
These diapers are very comfortable for our son. He used swaddles up to 8months, then we decided to switch into cruisers.

Both models work very well
Even since my lil guy was a newborn, these diapers were much better than the competition. We used size one for months! When he was little, we folded the top slightly and the extra room made big messes less messy. We always seemed to have "blow outs" with other diapers. Now that's he's 9 months, we use these AND the pampers dry. When he goes to bed, I prefer a diaper I know will hold more and keep little man asleep.
my little one wears a size 6, even though, by weight, she isn't a size 6 but she seems to like the bigger fit better. I have used many brands including a few eco friendly brands, and Pampers Swaddlers seem to do the trick. best of all, the wetness indicator helps out a ton.
Never had a problem with pampers diapers. They hold up well, my daughter is a heavy wetter and theydon't leak.
I personally like the Swaddlers Sensitive diapers the best for my LO. You may need to change them more often, but I find she doesn't get the red rash on her bottom like she gets with the Baby Dry diapers. I also don't like the plastic feel of the Baby Dry diapers. The regular Swaddlers are better, but my LO still sometimes gets some redness on her bottom. The elastic fit around the legs is pretty good, as long as, my LO doesn't have a large bowel movement. I only wish Pampers would improve the fit around the back to prevent upward leaks better.
Am happy with pampers sensitive diapers. I like the color indicator, which changes from yellow to blue when the diaper is wet. I've had to move my son up to the next sized diaper before he reached the upper limit for recommended weight. A few of the diaper tabs broke on me and my husband when we were trying to fasten the diapers onto our son, but this happened for maybe 5 out of the 1000 or so diapers we've used.
When my first baby came to this beautifull world, i am new to whole diaper thing; I tried differed products then i came across pampers diapers trial, and i am glad i did that because this is only product which built me trust.
Hypoallergenic, Gentle, soft
softest protection wraps your baby in comfort
Color-changing wetness indicator
Overall great product! Love buggies for my baby boy!!!
I Highly recommend these diapers for precious newborn babies
My family and i really like pampers, they fit just right, and my baby stays dry!
Pampers diapers are at the top of my list in absorbency. Also love the Sesame Street characters and the wetness indicator line.
I have used Pampers with both of my children and overall have been very pleased. Occasionally have looseness at waistline on the back side. Pleased with the softness and absorbency.
This were the first pampers we try with our newborn and it's true as box said, #1 choice in hospitals.The blue line is an excellent indicator specially for first time moms to give you a guideline on when baby does really need to be change. They have good absorbency and good fit.
Great product! Have been using Pampers for years now with all my 4 children.
These diapers are so soft and fit great. They are the only thing I wanted to use on my newborn. I love that they tell you when baby is wet. I have used them on my older child but it is less of a must now. Cruisers seem to work just as well for a baby on the move.
We have been using pampers swaddlers diapers since our daughter was born and they have grown with her from 3 pounds to 16 pounds. We tried other brands, but they did not fit her as well. We rarely have an issue with leaks or blow out poops, which is great. Swaddlers keep her bottom dry and she doesn't have problems with diaper rash.
I used swaddlers for my first child until she was around 1 year and then switched to baby dry. I am currently using the swaddlers again for my boy/girl twins who are 4 mos. The blue line has been very helpful, especially after they were born because they were so small and we had to watch their outputs so carefully. I have had some trouble with the diapers leaking during the night so I use baby dry at night on both babies. The one big disappointment I had was the first time I purchased diapers for the twins I found them more expensive than 9 mos earlier because of being "new and improved". Give me the old version and decrease the price pampers - diapers are expensive enough without the upcharge for improvements that, frankly, I haven't experienced.
These diapers are the best we have come across as first time parents. The wetness indicator is accurate and very helpful.
We started with pampers and have used others that were given to us and noticed right away that the pampers hold up better then the rest! Our daughter hates a wet or soiled diaper and these have held up great to are expectations.
I love pampers swaddlers. they are the best!! I recommend them to all moms.
They were decent diapers but I try to go a little big so she wont grow out and I know with the swaddlers she doesnt leak but in other pampaers she does
We used (and LOVED) Swaddlers from the get go with our little man - NB, size 1 and 2. Once he became size 3, we used Cruisers and the baby dry sometimes. My in-laws recently purchased me some of the larger sized Swaddlers and it was interesting to see the Cruisers and Swaddlers side by side. They are definitely a bit softer and seem a tiny bit larger or like they have a wider fit if that makes sense. Also, I do feel like they are slightly more absorbent than Cruisers. However, I do NOT like the new "mesh netting" or whatever it is. It almost seems to make my baby's bottom soggy or give a marking or a rash which is odd. Also it seems silly to still have the yellow line on older sizes, but I suppose it's if you've only used Swaddlers and that's all you've depended on? My child is a year old so I can tell when his diaper is wet:) All in all, great diaper. It's definitely an expensive one, so don't think I'll buy it regularly, but I would recommend it.
I love Pampers, but having twins means we go through diapers fast! The price is much higher than generic & it would be fantastic if they could bring down the price just a bit.
I've used all the pampers brands . I just prefer the baby dry and cruisers over the swaddlers. Overall very nice for newborns.
Pampers Swaddlers has the best absorbency to compare with many other diapers companies. Me and my baby like pampers a lot!
this product has on overall good fit and absorbency.
My daughter have tried this diaper since she was born and we love it, especially the wetness indicator line!
I love their conformity to baby's body! Very soft and absorbent.
These work for us and the new improvement have really helped, especially now that they have extended the sizes. it helps me for my two that are still in diapers.
I would recommend this brand to friends and new mom's.
Ok product, not every diaper works for our baby. This one was ok, it was not horrible just not the best
I used these diapers on my daughter when she was a newborn and they were the perfect fit! They are very soft and seem very comfortable for little ones. I love how they have the line that will turn blue when the diaper is wet - very helpful. Since we had great success with our daughter using them I tried using them on my son as a newborn and he would leak right through them - frontand back. I always double checked to make sure they were tight enough and the ruffles were out along the edges so I am not sure why but they just didn't work for him the same.
My youngest is now almost 3 years old, and he wore Pampers when he was a baby. They fit great, he did not leak out the side like other brands of diapers would. They were very absorbent. Great product.
I have tried to find a diaper that did not leak at night. These are the best ones i have found so far.
We've been using Swaddlers since my boy was born up until he started being more active, then we switched to Cruisers. The swaddlers are nice and soft, they've never leaked for us, and never gave our little one rashes.
I use Pampers since my son was born. In the hospital. I changed it for a brand economic and the results was disastrous! His back was red! I will never change more Pampers! I love your quality! I love your offerings and your prices!
I loved Pampers Swaddlers when my baby was a newborn. My favorite aspect was the wetness indicator! As he got older, I didn't like how the diapers got extremely wet and his clothes were always damp. No matter how much or little he peed.
I love the soft cloth like feel of pampers swaddlers .And the absorbency is great my baby wakes up dry and happy .
They are great! I've been buying them for 2 years now.
We have had a few explosions in these diapers, but they typically do a great job keeping everything in.
I have used Pampers swaddlers since the day my baby was born. I switched to two other brands to see if they would work since the Pampers swaddlers are a bit pricey. I however, went right back to the Pampers swaddlers. They keep my baby dry through the night and they are the best fitting!
I've tried other diapers and I never get the consistent results with those as I do with Pampers. Time and time again they never disappoint.
We prefer the baby dry by pampers. The swaddlers were ok but didn't pull the wetness away like the baby dry do.
works well...some may need to up a size of diaper regardless of weight.
I have used pampers for both my kids and have been satisfied.
Great basic diaper. Wetness indicator is key. They run a little on the small end of the scale, so I use them for the first 2/3 of the size, and then i use the other major brand when my little one is near the next size up.
These diapers fit my little one best but we do have at least 2 or 3 major leaks a week
diapers work good. I like the strip in front making it easier to know when the little one has done his duty. haven't had any problems with leakage or anything. This is the brand that I will but for diapers.
My son has been in pampers for a year. They fit great and provide all the leak protection we've needed. We've graduated from the swaddlers to the cruisers and the product still works great.
When my son was first born they were great I loved them. But as he's getting bigger I switched to baby dry 'cause he seems to sleep longer with them on in the middle of the night compared to the swaddlers.
Baby seemed to feel more comfortable in Pampers than in other brands. We will keep purchasing Swaddlers!
When my baby was born the hospital hado pampers saddlers and I fell in love with it.absorbancy of it is fantastic. I can leave it on her all night without a leak
it's nice most of the time a good absorber and keep my son dry
Pampers swaddlers are excellent on my son. They keep him dry and they are soft against his skin but they are kind of expensive.
You can never go wrong with pampers diapers. Hands down, they are my all time favorite for my 3 children.
These are our favorite diapers but it seems they leak during the night no matter how late I change him before bed. Thru the night is the longest he goes and we do not have many problems during the day with them. Will continue buying.
I love the wet strip indicator helps me not change unnecessary diapers.
I like the softness of the diaper, especially for newborns. But I prefer the Baby Dry as my son to always have a full wet diaper and the baby dry absorbs more in the front which is better for boys.
This product was great for my baby's needs. They fit my baby well and never had any issues.
I and my baby love this product! Sesame Street characters are cute, and fit and dryness is good.
Overall I enjoy these diapers for my baby; my only complaint is the sizes. I know its probably not applicable, however, the majority of babies that I know, including my daughter do not fit properly. My daughter needs a half size at times, such as size 3.5.
So my son is at 16 months. After he grew out of swaddlers size 5, I only use baby dry. I wish they were made like cruisers so while he is walking the diaper doesn't turn into a hot dog. Otherwise, the diaper can be almost a pound, but if you feel the diaper, it feels dry. I highly recommend this as the diapers keep sweat also absorbed in the diaper.
These are great diapers, my daughter is very small boned so it tends to leak on her but overall they work great! Ive tried 4 different brands of diapers and pampers were by far the best!!
Well, I am a first time mother to a beautiful baby girl. I have friends with babies and they recommended pampers to me. I am so lad I listened! Pampers have been all we have used since coming home day one from hospital. We like Cruisers and Baby Dry the best the older our girl gets. In the beginning we used swaddlers and I really recommend for new babies! Thanks Pampers
My daughter started out wearing cloth diapers. I changed to disposables when she started teething and I wasn't able to keep up with washing the cloth diapers. I chose Pampers Swaddlers because they were very soft and I like the indicator stripe. I tried a couple of other brands that had been given to me as baby shower gifts and the Swaddlers won hands down.
My only complaint that keeps them from getting an "Excellent" rating overall is the smell. There is a distinct smell to the diapers even when completely dry. In the beginning, I found myself checking the diaper for wetness constantly because the smell was always present. I've since gotten used to it, but I still find it a bit annoying.
The diapers fit my little one perfectly so there is never leakage and the wet line lets you know if he needs a change or not.
I enjoy pampers because the stay the driest the longest I've tried every brand an pampers are the only ones that do not leak at night. The only thing I would change about pampers is to put the snug fit on the back like one of the other brands have so it stays tight against the babies back when they move. But other than that pampers are mine an my babies favorite diaper.
Great for during the day but at night we had to use overnights for our son.
I would highly recommend Pampers Swaddlers Diapers for children that are not crawling or walking yet. They are super absorbent and fit the babies very well. However, once the children begin to move around, the fit isn't quite as good.
My daughter loves putting on a "new one" every time
The baby dry work good for my 20 month old son, however I have had a few leakage problems.
I find pampers to surpass all the other diapers on the market today. i will definitelt recommend them to all new parents. Pampers takes the hassle out of a new parents life.
Great diapers love the wetness indicator I can trust that these diapers will keep my baby dry during the night
My daughter is 14 weeks old. We have tried different brands and I like for her to wear the pampers swaddlers compared to other brands. They are designed to actually shape around my baby's curves. Other diapers are boxey. Swaddlers are dependable. I wish they were more competitively priced, but I will continue to purchase them for her. I can't believe she is a size 2 already!
Dryest and best fitting diaper hands down available anywhere. Also love the sensitive wipes. Used pampers products with all three if my children.
I have 7 month old twins and we have tried alot of diapers. I like the fact that it shows a blue line when the pampers are wet.
I like to use Pampers Swaddlers on my precious baby girl because of the indicator. Most diapers the indicator does not turn colors if there is only a BM and not wet but Pampers Swaddlers turns colors. It is very helpful on road trips where as if my baby girl is sleeping I can check the indicator without having to wake her up. I am also glad that Pampers decided to make them up to size 5!!!
My mom recommended Pampers to us. Some friends lend me other diaper brands to try and Pampers beat them all. Pampers is really the best diaper brand.
We love Pampers Swaddlers because they are comfortable, fit great and absorb really well!
GREAT PRODUCT WELL WORTH THE MONEY. I WOULD RECOMMEND PAMPERS BRAND TO EVERYONE.
I really love absorbent these diapers are especially after my child sleeps 7hours. She also wakes up pretty dry considering.
Comfortable on baby it seems. Keeps baby dry, soft.
From day one my daughter wore pampers swaddlers. Once she started growing out of the size 1's, I actually found that Huggies Little Snugglers fit her petite figure a bit better. I will however go back to swaddlers once she starts to fill out the size 2's a bit better.
I've been useing pampers since my baby was born and have been very happy with this product
These diapers work great for my son, better then other diapers i have tried.
We tried Huggies and they didn't fit our baby girl very good at all and almost every diaper leaked. We went back to Pampers Swaddlers that the hospital sent us home with and have only had 1 diaper slightly leak in 5 weeks of using them.
I would like to recommend this product to everybody of my friends.
Pampers diapers are realy good
Comfortable

Perfect leak guard
It seems to me that my baby sleeps well and comfortably with this diapers. Thank you for that!
We have loved Pampers Diapers since the day our preemie daughter was born and the hospital used these in their NICU on her. They have always fit great and done a good job at preventing leaks. We have had an occasional blowout that wasn't all held in, but I don't think any other diaper would have done a better job with it!
This product worked great for our newborn. With the frequency of diaper changes, the wetness indicator was the best feature.
I love how it tells me when my baby is wet! Great product.
Loved the wet indicator and no wet or perfumery smell
Being a first time mom and people giving me advice left and right the best one was to use swaddlers and let me tell you these out of all the diapers I tried on my litttle one are by far tje best!
This is the only diaper use. So glad they have bigger sizes now.
After using Huggies for my son, I went straight to Huggies for my daughter. Boy was I wrong!! Not only did she constatly leak through the diapers, they didn't fit. I tried Pampers Swaddlers and absolutely loved them!
Pampers keeps my toddddddler fresh and dry. He has never had a diaper rash.
Diapers...shouldn't they all be the same? This 1st time Mom thought so initially. Now I know better.

We were introduced to Swaddlers at the hospital. When it was time to move to the next size, we tested other brands just to see. Pampers did the best in limiting leaks and in keeping our son dry. The sizing and fit wraps snugly around our little guy, but not too tight that it's uncomfortable.

This is silly but I also like the yellow adhesive straps (other brands' straps are white). These are easier to see in low light when changing the baby late at night and I want to keep him asleep.

As we're ready to move up to the next size, we're sticking with Pampers!
Swaddlers are overall really good diapers! They were great when our son was first born and going through frequent diaper changes. Now that he's a bit older, the Baby Dry work out a little bit better, however the Swaddlers are still a great choice for our growing boy!
I have used Pampers Swaddlers from day one, and never had to deal with diaper rash or leaks. Pampers makes great products that are worth the money. The diapers are soft and super absorbent. The wetness indication strip is very helpful in letting you know when to change the diaper.
I am on my second child, so I have tried all the diapers by now. Swaddlers are one of my favorite, especially while they are young. The wet strip on the diaper is great. It allows you to see if they are wet.
Overall very happy with Swaddlers for daytime use.
pampers is the best .I m always using it to my baby since birth .now he is 13 month old .I recommended it to all mums
The swaddlers are good diapers. They absorb a lot and don't leak very easily. Much better quality than baby dry. fits my son great.
Love this diaper.. great absorbency & good fit ! The blue indicator line is great too
When I was new to fatherhood with my daughter these diapers where the best worth every penny knew exactly when the diaper was wet and that alone saved me money and now 21 with my newborn son I will continue to use pampers brand
No complaints. I would recommend to other mothers. Essentially for boys.
We have found these less likely to create rash and also prevents blow outs.
So I'm writing my opinion on my experience with pampers diapers.. I think that for the price of a box of dispers is pretty good.. I like how my son who's 4months stays dry up to3-4 hours during the night.. I love the changeable line on the diapers which tells you if the babyis wet (perfect for dads). Overall they work just fine for our baby boys
I started using Huggins newborn diapers and they kept leaking so I switched to pampers and haven't had an accident since!!
Pampers is a good product when it comes to diapers. Their fit is true to size. They fit really well on my kids. The absorbancy is great. I have had to splits or leaks with these diapers.
Although pricey, i adore the swaddlers! Theyre the closest thing to comfortable a diaper can get! Great absorbance. Last all night until morning. Wish the prices could be better.
This kind of diaper is the greatest one I have ever used for my baby. It is absobant and keeps my baby dry all the time. But the leakage is still the biggest problem that needs to be fixed in the future.
Good fit and never had any leaks with any pampers diapers. a bit expensive for my family needs.
I love your diapers except the mesh lining. A lot of the time it sticks to my twins bottom when I change their diapers.
I love that this product is not too bulky and when its wet it holds good without leaking.
I really like the Pampers swaddlers diapers for my babies. They have great absorbency and coverage. They also have a great soft and comfortable feel to them. I definitely do and will continue to recommend this product.
I used these diapers for my newborn son. They were great through about size 1. After that, they still work great for wet diapers, but they make it more difficult to get him totally clean from poopy diapers. I prefer Pampers Baby Dry once babies need diapers bigger than size 1.
These are the diapers we prefer to this day with my 6 month old daughter. She is on the smaller end so they fit her perfectly. Absorbency is average and we don't ever have blowouts with these diapers unless we have put them on funky. I'll always recommend these and plan on using them until she is potty trained.
I purchased pampers for my newborn and compared the diapers to multiple other brands. They fit very well, look great, closure is great and the wet indicator is helpful. What I did not like is the mesh covering that didn't allow my daughter to be as dry as other brands. I will try pampers again once my daughter's stool is firmer.
We love pampers! It is the only diaper we can use on our little one, all others break him out. They keep him dry through the night. The only problem we have had is when he has had one of hiss massive poops it has leaked up his back.
Overall this is a very good product for the money.
Have used swaddler diapers with both my kids and haven't been disappointed!
I always use this product for my baby from she born, really i love it
With Pampers my baby never have dry nights. It's flex for snug and comfortable fit. I love Pampers.
Leaks sometimes. sides tear easy. Upside least likely to give rash.
As a new mom, I loved the Swaddlers diapers. They are so soft and fit my boy nicely. I never have to worry about a leaking diaper. Although they are more expensive, I do not get frustrated with them like other brands. Less frustration is worth the price.
Loved them a lot more than the Huggies I got from the hospital!
Im a first time mom and wasn't quite sure what diapers to start off with . I had many recommendations one which ones to buy but I'm glad I went with pampers ! They are by far the best .
We attempted other brands because we had received them as gifts, but always went back to the Swaddlers.The other major brand, did not wick the wetness away from his bottom like the Pampers. Only one other brand, Seventh Generation, came close to the performance and they are just too pricey.
Using with my second son and still the same great diaper I counted on for my first. Keeps him dry and rash free. Soft feeling and cute designs.
We love the Swaddler as it absorbs really well and keeps baby comfortable.
We started using Huggies at the birth of our daughter. We soon found out they she was allergic. We switched to pampers swaddlers and we noticed a huge difference in stretchiness and the soft feel of them. They seemed to be a very comfortable diaper. Defiantly give them a try.
I originally received this product as a gift. Being a first time mom i wasn't really sure what to expect or if this would be the product I would use. I received a few other brands which were newborn size so I used those first. My son recently outgrew the newborn size and I just started using these. I wish I would have received these in newborn size because I truly like them better. They keep him very dry and comfy so i don't have to worry about any leaks, specially at night when he is starting to sleep a bit longer. I just bought the first one since I received quite a few as gifts and the price is great for the quality. I am not using as many diapers and the fit is great for him.
For newborns? Pampers Swaddlers. After they start eating solids and not having blowouts? I love huggies.
Upon coming home from the hospital, my husband and I thought our baby girl needed a better fit diaper. The brand the hospital used just didn't fit her well. Pampers are what we found to be the best fit for our daughter. That is what we continue to buy.
We were also gifted Huggies and Kirkland brand newborn diapers during our baby shower and found that the Pampers brand fit our baby the best.
As a new first time mom I was worried about which diapers to use on my newborn. Friends and family gave me different brands to try and one of them was Pampers Swadlers. I love how well these diapers function, they absorb a lot and catch all the mess! I don't have to worry about stripping the bedding in my newborns crib at night because there is never a mess to clean up! These diapers fit my newborn well and are very soft, this was important to me because my newborns comfort is my top priority! I love these diapers, they are a great product at a great price!
These diapers fit my baby well and keep through the night. I only buy pampers.
Everyone I know uses swaddlers. I'm satisfied with the product.
My son was born 8 weeks premature. The NICU used Swaddlers, and became a favorite at our house due to the cut fitting him perfectly and the soft texture for his sensitive skin. Although, now that he's bigger, and more active, he tends to have more accidents when in Swaddlers than when he's in other Pampers diapers.
i did a lot of research on diapers, as I'm a first time mom. I love that the diaper has a yellow line that turns blue when my baby pees. It's very easy for me to know when to change his diaper. I only wish there was something that could help me know that my baby has taken a number two! I also think that the diaper is very absorbent. My baby usually takes big number twos... Sometimes I could see it through the diaper, but it never comes out. I've never had the issue of leakage as I did with other diapers.
These diapers worked well with my son when he was a baby. Now that he is a toddler these particular types of diapers do not fit as well. Most of the time with these diapers I don't have a problem with leakage coming out of the sides, but more often than not it comes up the back if we aren't careful how we handle hime. I believe this is because they don't fit as well as they used too when he was a newborn and a baby. I would recommend using diapers meant for mobility when they get older.
Tried the other big name brands and was completely dissatisfied, mainly due to leaking that leads to a mess. Pampers Swaddlers are soft and do not leak! They keep contents away from skin which prevents diaper rash.
This is what I use on my baby during the day- she is still under 6 months old and not crawling yet, so these are a great option.
Lost For long time
Easy to use and handle
Great look
When the hospital supplied these diapers with my first baby nine years ago, I was not impressed. However, with my third baby, they are wonderful. Definitely improved!
Pampers swaddlers work great on our newborn. The color changing strip makes it easy for first time parents to tell when they need a diaper change.
Just finished trying all the major brands. I like Swaddlers the best. My son is 4 months old and in size 2. I love the color indicator line and the soft texture of the diaper. My only complaints are that you get a urine smell right after baby urinates and the front of the diaper rolls down all the time. Other brands don't seem to have this problem. It also takes a while for the urine to be absorbed but compared to other brands keeps baby drier then others. It would be nice if you offered a scented diaper to help with the urine smell. I also wish that your diapers were more reasonably priced. They are the most expensure compared to other brands.
Ever since my son was born, i knew pampers was the right choice for him.
I have been using pampers for 2 yrs, I haven't found one I like better. I do wish they had an environmentally friendly diaper.
So far so great, no spills or wet clothes! And no rashes :)
They are fitting very well without leaking. That's a plus
Awesome diapers. I've used them for all three of my kids and wouldnt use any other brand.
I love the stripe on the front to tell whether the diaper is wet or not. Fits well, could use a little bit more elasticity in the waist other than that I would recommend these to anyone.
These diapers work great on our little guy! We will continue to buy Pampers.
My son has very sensitive skin, and this is the only non-sensitive diaper he can use.
My baby wears Swaddlers often. Once she was over 6 months old they leaked overnight so she wears Babydry at night. I still put Swaddlers on her all day though and the wetness indicator is really handy!
Great diaper! Could use a little improvement...elastic at the back waist would be wonderful. Pampers diapers are the only brand that does not have this feature.
I like that they have like a little net inside the actual pamper so it absorbs all the Bowel movements, even when shes sitting. with other brands , I've had problems with her bowel movements leaking out. Not with this brand. Sometimes her urine will leak out every now and again, but I guess that happens with all brands. I'm not a big fan of the swaddle fit though because I always feel like the pamper is too tight on her.
My son is one year old now and we have been using pampers for a year. great product.
I like the Pampers Swaddlers because they fit my daughter very well. There were no leaks or blowouts using these diapers. The one thing that I did not like about the Swaddlers is the mesh inside the diaper. It always got stuck to my baby's bottom.
I've tried many different brands and types and the swaddlers are by far the best. They are super absorbent and I love the wetness indicator. They fit around my babies waste and legs great. There does seem to be a little extra room hanging though. We do have the occasional blowout with these bit that may be more user error! And with this type the frequency is far less then others!
Fit and absorbency are the best on the market. The blue stripe is a quick way to assess if the diaper is wet.
I liked these until around three months. Not as good for older babies though.
A friend recommended these diapers to me when I was overwhelmed by the number of products on the shelf. I have been very pleased with the diaper. It has kept my son dry and after 5 months, we have had no diaper rashes. We have had a handful of poopy leaks, but given the gravity of the explosions, the diaper did as well as we could have expected.
My son is now 8 weeks old and we have used pampers since he was born. Knock on wood, we have not had a leak, even with him sleeping through the night now. We will definitely continue to use pampers until he is out of diapers!
I have used many different pampers products and I fine Swaddlers to be the most absorbent and comfortable for my child. The only thing I would recommend is to increase the strength in the sides as they tend to rip occasionally.
Great diapers especially for the first months keeps baby dry through the night , have never had a problem
I've always had issues with Huggins and other diapers giving my kids a bad rash but pampers are always safe and I've never had any issue. They're my number one diaper! Thanks!
Love these diapers, never used any other brand as i trust the quality of pampers products.
I've been using pampers swaddlers on my newborn. They fit well and they do absorb a lot but the line doesn't change colors when he pees, like it should. I'm very new at this so the color changing line would've been helpful if it worked because his diapers were getting too full and leaking.
I absolutely love this brand. I have twins so I use a lot of diapers and these are the only ones I'll use. I gave a lower rating for dryness and absorbency only because they have been leaking if my boys sleep thru the night, other than that I love these. They are really good at holding in the" poo" With the leak guard on the legs! So glad they can continue wearing these for a few more sizes.
They never leak and keep my baby dry for many restful nights!
These diapers were a great fit for my preemie baby. Huggins would not fit him and would make a complete mess everywhere. Pampers were the only diapers that will keep him dry.
When my little boy was born, i started using the pamper s swaddlers right away. The great thing about this category of diaper is the color changing wetness indicator. It has got a great absorbance liner that will keep the skin of my little one dry and safe. He did not get any of the rashes so far. I will keep using this for my little boy. Thanks for making such a great product for our very valuable miniatures....our babies.
I recently started using pampers swaddlers in the newborn size. I LOVE them, I also tried huggies snugglers but they leaked as for the pampers swaddlers I NEVER had one leak. The only issue I find with this diaper is that there is s big difference from newborn to size 1. My baby is growing out of newborn size but the 1's are too big. Other then that they're GREAT.
Swaddlers pampers is definitely made for the little ones to swaddled around.
I've bought these diapers for all three of my kids and I've loved them. I would recommend them to all new moms.
When my son was born, the hospital supplied pampers diapers. They worked great! I still use them every day and have only had leakage 3 times (thanks to having a little boy)
I love how soft and absorbant they are. They are just a little pricey for me.
It is best diaper for my baby... I m using this since he is born . He is almost 2 now.. moms should definitely get this for thr kids
These diapers fit my son better than the Huggies or generic store brand. I change him 8-10 times a day and they do absorb quite a bit but sometimes the bottom of his onesie still feels damp if he really soaks them. We have had a few accidents with leaking around the thighs, especially with number 2 but overall we are happy with these diapers.
They're really great and good for new born babies. They're even used at hospitals! I've used swaddlers on my baby until she was 2 months.
My new born has a good habit of pooping in the nice clean diaper we put on her. It is good to know that when she does blow out her diaper that it'll all stay inside the diaper.
Love the Swaddlers, but there are pricier than others and as we are struggling, I have to get another, cheaper brand that offers more diapers per box.
We have never had a problem with these products and recommend them to everyone!
These fit great for my little guy. Because they are cut well, he was able to stay in each size longer versus other brands. FYI: every time you move up a size you get less for the same price. However, around 6-7 months we had to move over to Pampers Baby Dry for nighttime. I was going through 3-4 Swaddlers a night and they were still leaking. But the Pampers Baby Dry are working great for us now.
Really absorbent, great fit and soft... I just wish they were a little less expensive! Now that our lo is a little older we had to switch brands because he goes through diapers like crazy.
Overall great. Used on my niece and she gets moving around better without leaks
Love this diaper. I use it all the way through size 5.
I love Pampers Swaddlers compared to other brands.
These diapers are very good. They stay dry through the night, also very soft, and like the leak indicater.
Better then huggies helps prevent leaks tight fitting
I stand behind Pampers 100 percent, It's a trusted brand product for years . Thanks for being so great
Highly recommend Pampers diapers. My daughter has had less leaks with these diapers.
these are great diapers but they are very expensive in comparison to other brands. I like how low profile they are to let my little one roam freely.
I had my newborn (10 week old in the competitor's brand overnight diapers. He would wake up constantly. As soon as I put him in Pampers Swaddlers, he slept through the night!!!!

Both my husband and I can't thank you enough!!!!
My son is 3.5 months and he has used pampers swaddlers in addition to some other brands. Pampers Swaddlers are definitely top 2 for us. He seems to love them, they stay on great. Sometimes there is some leakage when he is around the upper limit of the recommended weight but then we use the next size and there are no problems. The only thing that I don't love is that they seem a little bulky. More so than huggies smugglers they seem like there's a lot of material on the outside so there is some diaper hat is hard to cover with the onesie. I hear that pampers become far and away the best once he starts crawling though.
I absolutely love Pampers diapers. But I have to say, their diapers are better than their wipes. I would not go anywhere else for diapers but the wipes kinda fall apart and are just flimsy. But as for the quality of the diapers, choose pampers over everyone else.
I have used pampers for almost 3 years and never really had any issues. My baby's tooshie stayed dry, no major rushes and helped control leakage.
It is little hard on my sons butt with the little holes but it does keep him dry
We've been using Pampers Swaddlers since our daughter was born. We've found the wetness stripe invaluable in terms of assessing when to change a diaper. Occasionally there is leakage, which is never fun, as the stuff seeps to her back. Its unclear if its the diaper or the general wateriness. Can't blame the diaper though. With this diaper she doesn't have any rashes. She's been sleeping through the night without cause to change her diaper. This diaper is certainly more expensive than others, but the stripe and the general effectiveness is something we're willing to pay a little extra.
Pampers swaddlers kept my newborn dry and comfortable. They are so soft, it's like they are a part of their clothing and not just a diaper.
My daughter wears pampers baby dry all night long and she wakes up all dry!! She sleeps for about 8 hours. Love this diaper!!
The Pampers Swaddlers work GREAT with my newborn. I tried another brand, but they leaked when she slept on her side. Thankfully, these do not do that. =)

I wished my local stores stocked the Premie sizes. Although my daughter was not a premie, she weighed 5.9lbs at birth and the NEWBORN size was a little big for her.

Although the pampers state that they allow for 12 hrs of dryness overnight, my little one can only remain wet in the pampers for a short period of time before she requires a pamper change (usually 2 hours). Needless to say, she goes through A TON of pampers. YIKES!

Nonetheless, I will ONLY use Pampers Swaddlers.
I always buy these pull ups for my son's. They are absorbent and comfortable on them. Sometimes they don't contain all the urine and there are leaks in their beds but other than that, Great diapers.
I feel that Pampers Swaddlers were perfect for my newborn. Once he got older (5 months now), they are less my favorite diaper. The absorbency is great for wet diapers to last the entire night, however the back of the diaper gapes a little so a dirty diaper can get quite messy and go up his back. So for this reason I use Pampers Swaddlers overnight for the best absorbency and a different diaper during the daytime.
I loved the pampers swaddlers. We had a preemie and the hospital used your diapers. We went home with a pack and really liked them because they had a wetness indicator and fit pretty well. We have had a dew blowouts in the diapers however. We have tried a few other brands and have not liked any of them quite as much. Wish they were cheaper!
These diapers are great. Super absorbent. Keeps my babies clothes dry and clean
My daughter was given another brand of diapers at the hospital to use, but we had Pamper's Swaddlers stocked up at home because I after doing research online, it seemed to be the best choice for newborns. I must say, I am not disappointed. My daughter is very small & the Newborn size fits her much better than the newborn size of the other major brand she was given in the hospital. The wetness indicator is a great feature, especially late at night, as a quick way to check if she's wet or not. Even when the strip is blue, indicating wetness, my daughter does not fuss or scream out from feeling wetness discomfort. I thoroughly enjoy these diapers & will continue to use this brand until she is potty trained. The only reason I gave 4/5 stars in the "fit" category is because there is no cut-out for the umbilical cord, so until your baby's cord falls off, you may need to fold down the front of the diaper a bit to get a secure & comfortable fit.
Pampers swaddlers are a great diaper. They keep my child dry and happy
This diaper is great! It's absorbent and doesn't leak. I'm strictly purchasing Pampers for my daughter.
Works great with my child's sensitive skin and doesn't break him out like other brands we have tried. Great fit and very soft. Blue line wetness indicator helped us a lot when he was a newborn.
This is a great review. sweet and simple is all you need.
Huggins gave my baby a rash so I changed to Pampers. Definitely the best on the market.
love how soft it feels. pampers are great diapers!!
Have went through several brands on this new journey. But have found that pampers are me and baby's fav!
We love these diapers and have been using them since birth, but we keep having issues with blow outs. We have had them at the start of the current size and are still having them now (he is getting ready to transition to the next size).
Swaddlers were given to us in the hospital where we had all three of our girls. While I like how well they contour to newborn's tiny bodies, and they are pretty absorbent for the most part, the netting material sometimes sticks to their behinds especially with bm. The wetness indicator is somewhat helpful but can also be misleading and make one think the diaper needs immediate attention when it could really go a while longer before our babies get uncomfortable. Overall they worked well for all our babies.
I started using swaddlers over a year ago with my son. Now I have a 7 week old and we are using swaddlers again. The quality has not changed at all and I am very pleased! My babies are pleased as well :)
These are by far my favorite diapers! I've tried a lot of different kinds and brands and these are my favorite out of them all! Definately reccomend:)
I've tried other brands, but I always go back to Pampers.
Being a first time mom I wanted the best for my baby girl. She is now a year old but we tried all sorts of diapers and the swaddlers worked so good for her. No perfume smell to them either!
These were good, but my baby prefers the sensitive ones. Still, these were better than huggies which gave my baby diaper rash...
I think these wipes work great but they are not any better than Huggies wipes which are usually cheaper. I also like to tear my wipes in half when I am just cleaning up urine diapers and Pampers wipes will not tear. Huggies wipes do.
Great for young babies. Once they crawl move up to the cruisers
Ive tried so many different diapers and Pampers Swaddlers are always my favorite. The absorbency is the best and rarely have leaks.
At first I was happy with Pampers diapers from months 1-3 but now that my baby is 4 months old and in the Size 1 diapers, I'm finding that we are having a few issues. The plastic tab on the left side keeps breaking off of the diaper especially during the night. When baby wakes up her diaper is half off and that makes it easier for liquid and other messes to get everywhere. I don't think I'm pulling it too tight but there may be some kind of defect in the manufacturing. Also, on a few occassions, she keeps having a wet back when she wakes up in the morning and it seems like it has leaked out from the top of her diaper which is dissapointing. I am typically happy with the product during the daytime outside of these few issues.
Works great. Have no issues. Stays on and serves it's purpose on day to day activities
Holds up great for even the most active of toddlers.
I love pampers they are super absorbent abd a great fit for my baby
Had a new boy a month ago, and between us using Pampers and 2 hospital visits that use Huggies, both are about the same as far as my newborn is concerned. On moving to size 1 since my baby has outgrown newborn size, it seems a little large in terms of fit around the legs. Luckily babies don't roll around much so no leaks.

On some batches it is hard to unstick the side stickers from the backing. Need to use 2 hands to try to separate them carefully since otherwise it would tear between the backing and the diaper itself. A bit of a hassle when I need to use another new diaper or two due to "new developments" during the change.
Pampers swaddlers has always been the diapers of choice for our infant. We've tried other brands and the comfort level is just not the same...as we soon find red marks on our baby's body. It is also very reliable as we have never had a leak issue with this diaper.
This seems to be the best we can find. The other brands don't compare.
I love the softness of the diaper. It has a nice fit and the wetness indicator was a must have for the first few weeks after my son came home from the hospital. I plan to continue to use Swaddlers as my son grows.
As a new mom, I wasn't sure what brand of diapers I wanted to use for my baby, so I relied heavily on other people's opinions. I received some Luvs and Huggies at my baby shower, and a whole lotta Pampers. Hands down, Pampers had a better fit and overall better quality than the Huggies. I didn't even try the Luvs. Pampers makes a product I know I can rely on, both for price and for quality.
Been using these since my daughter was born. Love them. She's 6 month old and only had Marne one leak and it was through the night that she happened to sleep from 9-9.
We like these a lot. They fit well! My only slight complaint is that I can't have them on him overnight b/c then they leak.
Great products. Used papers for both my girls..Highly recommended
Best diapers I have ever used! Baby stays dry and the convenient green stripe lets you know when he is wet!
We use pampers exclusively. The blue wetness indicates makes it so easy to know at a glance when to change
Great for newborns but about 4 months old the baby starts to have to many blow outs
Pampers swaddlers are soft and absorbs nicely, they are great and i would recommend them.
Great for the little ones all they way up to when they're crawling and stumbling!
We liked the ease of knowing when our son needed to be changed. The wetness color indicator made those early morning feedings/changing a bit more manageable!
I loved them, they were great I used them with my baby since newborn until 2 months old.
Not a fan of lining. Stuck to my baby multiple times
The leak guard can be improved! Overall good product
I received a box of Pampers Swaddlers as a gift. I LOVED the diapers, however, for the same protection, I can save $20 by buying another leading brand. If I had a bigger budget, these would be my diaper of choice, unfortunately, I can't afford it.
I really liked the yellow line on the diaper that turns green when it needs changed. Even though there was a notch for the belly button, I still have to fold the diapers down.
These diapers are the best! My baby stayed completely dry all night.
Keeps my twins dry throughout the night since they don't wake up for feedings anymore. Great absorbency and the indicator comes in very handy.
I personall prefer the baby dry 12h pampers. But durring the day these are perfect for a soft comfortable fit for baby.
The Pampers Swaddlers were a great fit for my new born. The fit was perfect kept him dry during the day. They did absorb a lot, however when my child woke up in the morning after a long night sleep, his bed was always a little wet. Overall I would use them again, and recommend to a friend
I have used pampers since the hospital for both of my boys! I did try other brands just to test out quality and cost. No matter what brand we tried I always ended up with pampers because it kept them so much more dry!
I am a new mom and I find pampers swaddlers very reliable. I absolutely love the wetness indicator. Leaves no doubt if your baby is wet or not. I will be using pampers from now on!
The best diaper anyone will ever want for their baby sensitive skin.
We've been using Pampers from the beginning. Thanks!
My son uses the pampers swaddles in size 4. Compared to other brands on the market this is the best product for us. The softness of the outside of the diapers is nice because it is more gentle on his always moving legs. I like the fit of the diaper and it moves well with him. The price is average for the market. The absorbency is good and we very rarely spring leaks.
I love Pampers Swaddlers. I won't use anything besides Pampers for my kids. I like the softness of the diaper and how they keep baby's skin dry. Also, the absorbency keeps baby from soaking through at night.
I use both the Swaddlers and Baby Dry (at night) for my 1 month old. My son hasn't had any rashes even when he was in the Swaddler for 7 hours, (we hadn't switched to baby Dry for night use yet). He's had a total of 4 blowouts, but those likely were due to an oversupply of breastmilk and not the diapers. The only negatives are that you get less Pampers for the same cost as a larger box of Huggies, (super sizes have around 10 less). On top of this, my son has never made it to the max weight on a size before needing to go up because they were so tight on his legs they were leaving marks. Also, sometimes, especially on wipe refills, the rewards points codes aren't printed correctly and are unreadable so you lose points.
Pampers is one of the best brands of diapers I will always buy them
I love pamper. It always great fit for my kids and it doesn't leak.
Wonderful diaper, great value when buying in bulk. no leaks!
Great to use. Maybe a little pricey. Wish pampers were cheaper. But still they are great diapers. Hardly leaked.
We have tried a couple other name brand diapers and pampers have worked the best. We used them for not only our first who is now doing the pull ups but also our 2nd who is 5 months. They seem to fit our kids just right and not make them sore around the leg areas. Would definitely recommend
I had my first son 7 years ago and only used Pampers. I am happy that the products still remain a high quality product.
I loved the pampers swaddle for my newborn and used pampers to size 1. once my baby got to size 2 I used them as well till she started to eat foods. I had to many blow outs since the back is straight and does not scrunch. If they had this scrunch as huggies I would still be using them but not any more. As well I find the baby dry run smaller then the swaddles does.
We used Pampers from he was born, and it was great experience.
I think you can improve them in the fit they are a little loose in the back other than that they are great
These diapers keep my child dry, and free from diaper rash. My child does not wake up crying for a diaper change in the middle of the night and never fusses due to dampness. These diapers are great!
Pampers is the product we use most. The diapers absorb wetness well and are affordable. There is no real difference between the bigger national brand's wipes and Pampers brand, except price. We buy Pampers wipes by the box.
Really good materials it keeps my baby dry and comfortable !!!
Love the quality of these diapers. So soft on the skin. Excellent absorbensy. A little pricier but worth it!
After I brought my daughter home we used Huggies diapers and it turned her little bottom red. So we switched to pampers and it cleared right up. She couldn't use Huggies wipes either. We ended up using the Pampers sensitive wipes as well. Pampers is pretty much all that we buy for her. My only complaint is that my baby kind of has a long booty, so I feel like the diaper doesn't come up far enough to cover her little crack all the way.
Be detailed, honest to help other choice. Specify for a girl or boy as they worked different for my son and daughter
We've tried almost all of them but my boyfriend and I love they way Pampers stays dr and fit our little one.
I enjoy pampers swaddlers for when my kids are newborns. They absorb enough at that time. But once they hit about 3-6 months they start to leak more and more over night so I had to switch to pampers dry.
Used these for my newborn and they worked great! Kept her dry and the color-changing line made it easy to see when she needed a change. Stretchy legs made the fit great too.
We used Pampers Swaddlers from the time my son was born. They were always our go to when he was an infant. I would definitely recommend!
Good fit for my infant boy, absorbs well and keeps him dry even in big messes.
I used Pampers Swaddlers in the newborn size for my son when he was born. They were very soft and I loved the wetness indicator that is on them.
I received some sample Swaddlers in size 5 that I used for my 2 year old daughter. After using one of the packages, we went back to using the Baby Dry and my daughter found the other sample package and brought them to me when she needed a diaper change. I guess she liked them.
These diapers had a great fit and were soft on my babe's body. I had a few problems with leaking overnight but this was during a 6 hour stretch.
My baby started using Pampers swaddlers at the hospital. fantastic diapers. Love the yellow/blue wetness indicator.
Great product! Recommend to all new parents! Fits perfectly!
Overall it is good quality compare to others but a little expensive .
I find that Pampers is the only brand that keeps my daughter dry consistenly. I would recommend Pampers brand to everyone.
Used the swaddlers for 14 months. Loved them. Could be more absorbent as we did have wet bums sometimes but overall great diapers.
Best for infants
Some leaks
Able not to change till the morning
Same as the hospitals
It's a pleasure to use Pampers Swaddler diapers as they continuously have high quality in their products. Never been disappointed in Pampers products. Thank you.
I love pampers swaddlers. The only negative thing I have to say is they need more stretchy room in the thighs.
I was given a couple of boxes of Pampers swaddlers for my shower and they are great as far as absorbency and fit.The extra cost of these diapers just for a blue line does not seem worth it too me. I have never needed a line on a diaper to tell me when it's wet, and personally I am not paying additional money for a line on a diaper.
Swaddlers are the best diapers on the market. I wouldn't let my child wear any other brand.
Overall, Pampers Swaddlers are good. I just wish that the back was more fitted.
We have tried almost all brand of diapers and pampers just works wonders for our little squirmer. they have such good absorbency. we have never had blowouts or leaks from the diapers either.
I have tried other products and these are the ones I find myself coming back to. These keep in the leaks better than other brands they are the best fit and most sensitive to my baby's skin. I have also tried the more absorbent diapers and still came back to swaddlers the more absorbent diapers did nothing but cause a terrible rash.
Im very satisfied with Pampers. My boyfriend bought the cheap ones and I was soooo upset. I made him return them and buy Pampers!! Haha. He knows better now.
I love the fact that these pampers offer a notch for the umbilical cord for newborns, it makes life a lot easier. I do, however have a couple of gripes about the diapers. Although the color indicator is great, especially for first time mommies, I have noticed that once my baby wakes up from sleeping during the night, the color indicator is gone and the front of the diaper is actually a bit damp with urine. I feel like I am the only one that has this problem because I never hear anyone else talk about this. I would hope that little issue gets resolved. Also, as the baby gets a bit older and starts moving around more, the area where the velcro fasteners are tends to move too much, I believe it needs to be a bit sturdier to prevent the diaper from shifting. Other than that, I think Pampers as a whole is a great brand, I used them with both of my children.
Pampers baby dry are great for night. Most of the time my baby wakes up with a full diaper and dry bottom. Sometimes they leak out the front.
I tried different brands and so fat Pampers keep my baby dry through the night and she looks comfortable.
I've tried other brands but always end up going back to Pampers Swaddlers Sensitive diapers for both my babies. The over all fit is great and have leaks and/or blow outs less often than with other diapers. It smells great and does not irritate my baby's sensitive skin. I would highly recommend Pampers brand diapers to all my friends.
I love these diapers! I won't use any other diapers at night. My daughter will not sleep through a dirty diaper and with pampers I get a few extra hours!
We have never had a leak with Swaddlers and I love the wetness indicator!
The Pampers Swaddlers Sensitive diapers are great. The wetness indicator helps keep baby dry and comfortable.
Love these diapers for daytime use, but have had bad experiences with them for long naps and night time sleeping. They leak out of the top (my daughter is a stomach sleeper), and the bottom sides. However, I would still recommend these.
We were given lots of papmers at our baby shower. At that point we hadn't even considered what brand to us so we jsut used what we got and fell in love with them. We especially love that now that our daughter is older (and bigger) the swaddlers come in the larger sizes so that we can continue to use the brand we already know and love!
I used Pampers swaddlers the entire time my child was in diapers. Great at keeping her dry. Only complaint is the gap at the waist in back. Wish it were elastic for a more snug fit. I will be using Pampers for my next child.
I buy pampers for my daughter. I have had an overall good experience with this product.
These diapers work great for my 2 week old! Pampers swaddlers are great!
These have worked great for our son from birth up to two years old now. Not many complaints except now they soak through at night.
The pampers swaddlers are amazing. They are super absorbent and great fit for my newborn. I definitely recommend this product to consumers.
I have been using pampers brand diapers since my first son was born in 2011. This is a brand I trust and continue to use it when my second son was born.
It's a good product,too expensive, my boy is a healthy kid drinks a lot of liquid sometimes he will woke up wed
my twins began their lives in these diapers! we liked the wet meter, but felt the baby dry diapers were a better value and switched.
We only use Pampers. I have two children, and they hardly got diaper rash :-) I am a happy mama!
swaddlers fit my daughter great! they are absorbent and do not cause her little bottom any irritation.
I have used pampers from the beginning with my son and have had no issues. The cruisers are great throughout the day with all his movements, crawling and falling. Although these are not super absorbent in keeping my son dry. He pees a lot, especially overnight, so we use the overnight protection diapers only at night.
The nb i loved that they had a spot for the umbicial cord. And as she grew in to the little crawling machine she is they stay nice and snug on her. Never had a leak either.
Overall a good diaper. There does tend to be some wetness in the morning from a full diaper.
We have tried several types of diapers, these seem to be the only kind that our baby likes. They fit well and keep him dry.
The swaddle diaper workrd great for messy diapers and kept my son dryer longer and compared to some of the of the diapers I tried this one kept more of the mess in the diaper than out
After trying almost every cheaper brand on the market, these diapers out perform by far! Well worth any added cost!
This is the first type of diapers we used and they work really well while my girl was little and not so mobile. They kept her dry and comfortable and they are soft for her sensitive skin
We used Pampers Swaddlers for our son, and we use them now that we have a new baby. We are very happy with each different stage of Swaddlers - size Newborn through size 4. Love the wetness indicator and the characters!
I will say, when my son was a newborn, these were our go to diapers. I loved how soft they were, and although we did have an issue here and there with leaking once he slept through the night, no major issues. I would have loved to continue using these diapers, but as my son got older, he was frequently waking up in the morning with leakage....I don't blame the diaper! We just switched to the more absorbant Baby Dry by Pampers. Such a shame, because I was so excited to see that they now carry larger sizes!
These diapers always keep my little one dry and happy.
Pampers are good reliable diapers. We have tried several brands and so far Pampers are our choice.
I loved these diapers when my son was a newborn. Love the wetness indicator and the softness. However, they were not that dry when he got older. I now use the Cruisers for dryness and fit.
We have used these diapers for years and have been very happy with the quality of them.
The Pampers baby dry diapers keep my newborn son dry for a long time especially during overnight use. The fit is okay but I like the absorbency.
Pampers is the only diaper for sensitive skin that I have found in larger sizes and with the ever-important wetness indicator. Competing brands stop using a wetness indicator in size 2 or 3, which I don't understand. The only recommendation I have is I wish the tabs were yellow instead of white, like they are on the regular Swaddlers. When my mother is watching the baby, she reports the yellow tabs were easier for her to see than the white ones.
My daughter has been wearing the Swaddlers since making her appearance into our lives, however, as she is beginning to become mobile we are seeing an issue with some leakage out the top back and sides near her legs. Pampers are still the only brand she can wear without any issues of a swampy toosh and I have no real complaints aside from I think we've reached the point in time that our little mover needs to try a different cut.
Write whatever you feel about the product genuinely.
Great pampers.. definitely keeps baby dry. I will definitely continue using their products.
I love pampers swaddlers. Currently using the newborn size and wish the front were lower while using this product before the umbilical cord falls off. These diapers are absorbent , great fit and I love the indicator on the front that tells you if the diaper is wet, so you don't have to undress a sleeping baby to find out that they are still clean.
The moisture color strip is the greatest! I would highly recommend theses diapers to anyone!
diapers are great but I had few blowouts with size N for my newborn and then I switched to size 1 and it worked well.
Swaddlers make it easy to change diapers goes you know when they are dirty.
I like the softness of these diapers. But the winning feature for me is the wetness indicator. I like the way it smells too. Negative it does not hold a lot of liquid.
It's great to have something you can always count on.
this is a good product overall, i would definetely recommend this to a friend!!
Swaddlers can make it through a full night even when my infant sleeps 10 hours!
Great Product made considering all that is needed for small little babies.
I have a 3 month old. These diapers are great the only thing I dislike is when my little guy is in between sizes. The smaller size fits better overall except around his legs and the larger ones fit his legs best but are too big everywhere else. Probably just my baby and not the product.
I'm not a first time mom... I've got 5 kids (10, 7, 5, 2, and 2 months). I've used pampers swaddlers for all my babies until they were in a size 2. My kids all have sensitive skin and pampers has never given them a rash.

I love the cut out for the umbilical cord. Less irritation for the baby.

I just wish they were a little more absorbent.
Always a comfortable fit for my son. Soft and snuggly!
Love how soft these are and how the indicator stripe tells when baby is wet
Personally I don't think the umbilical notch is big enough. I sometimes find myself having to fold the diaper down and then my son will leak through the top because folding it down created a gap.
I Like the swaddlers. I used them on my 8 yr old daughter along with my 12 week old
These diapers are soft enough on baby's skin but still super absorbent.
We love the swaddlers! No leaks, no issues! Great quality!
I loved the Swaddlers when my son was little, but now he's in size 4 and this line from Pampers isn't the best option for us. Recommend for younger children.
My son used both swaddlers and cruisers on size 3. Swaddlers are better because it's softer and with the indicator.
Overall I used swaddlers til around size three. They were soft and fit great. And good absorb.
I started off with sensitive swaddles and ran a lot small on my little one, so just be careful! Everything else is great, but the sizing you just want to be careful with!
I love these. I rarely have "blowouts." They don't irritate my daughter what so ever.
Pampers Swaddlers are perfect for Newborns. I wouldn't recommend any other diaper for young infants because of how soft and absorbent the diapers are. Diapers always appeared to be uncomfortable to babies from my point of view until I started using Swaddlers. My daughter is older now and more mobile so cruisers are better for her, but Swaddlers are great for the little ones.
Always work well. Love the wetness indicator. Wish they were cheaper, but I suppose that's true with all diapers!
I have used swaddlers on two kids and I would recommend them. They are a great diaper. I wish the elastic band would fit a little snugger around their tummy (no diaper has managed this yet), but overall I would use these again and again.
I have been using pampers for 3 yrs for my boys. And recommend it for all moms.
Pampers Swaddlers are a great diaper for their value. They can hold all my kids have been able to throw at them without any leaks. They also fit amazingly and are a lot stronger than a few other brands we've tried. After trying pretty much all the types of diapers Pampers Swaddlers were our first choice.
Swaddlers keep my boy comfortable, eventhough we use crawlers diapers during the day when he is most active. He seems to enjoy swaddlers the most, because of the how it fits and keeping him comfortable from feeling wet.
Absorbent, keeps my litte guy dry, love the design!
I like the way they fit baby, and the tabs.. Huggies seem loose around babies legs and tabs are a little tricky vs. Pampers.. I wish they sold premie in the large boxes though.the newborn fit but there a little big.
These were the diapers that the hospital started us and I understand why. They have an excellent fit to my little girl plus they are very absorbent. I will continue to buy this product even though they are pricier than other brands because so far I have been able to find coupons.
We only use pampers swaddlers for our 6 week old because they are the best we have used. Great product just wish they were a little more affordable considering having a baby is already so expensive.
Pampers swaddlers is the only way to go for newborns to around 5-6 months because they just fit just right to your little one. Plus the wetness indicator really helps mom know when their little one is wet because without it little babies wet only just a little at a time and it could go unnoticed.
Fit my newborn great. Hardly ever leaked. I tried a few brands, but nothing kept him dry like the swaddlers.
We used swaddlers for the first 4 months after our son was born. They were fantastic. I did notice if the diaper wasn't changed every 3 hours, it left netting imprint on his skin. During the day this was not a problem, because he is changed every 2 hours. At night we needed something a little more absorbant. We switched to baby dry & love them!!!
These fit better than any diaper I have tried on my newborn!!
We got Pampers Swaddlers at the hospital and I really liked them so when we got home we purchased those in the NB size. I had received larger sizes as gifts but none that were NB. I loved the wetness indicator and felt like they kept my baby dry. I wasn't crazy about the liner. I know it is supposed to keep them dryer but I didn't like how it stuck to her skin. When she was ready for bigger sizes we tried the different brands that we had been given which included Huggies and Pampers Baby Dry. After comparing all of the we decided to switch to Baby Dry. They are really absorbent and don't have any leaking problems. Overall I was happy with the Swaddlers and we didn't have any issues with them, we just like the Baby Dry better.
We've been staying at the hospital for three weeks, and these are the diapers they supply here. I've been pretty impressed with what I've seen so far, and will continue to use them when we get home.
This is my 1st set of diapers I used for my 1st baby and I really enjoy the softest diaper wraps your baby in comfort in and protection.
Best thing I like about this diapers is dry indicator !i would love all pampers have that! Less absorbency but softer in my opinion, hospitals use this kind so I would recommend them for first half year
Overall I do like Pampers Swaddlers. However, my son does overfill the diapers essentially every time he has a bowel movement. This results in a mess and outfit change, as you can imagine! I use the same size in another brand and he does not stool out of it.

I do like the absorbency for urine, however.
Love this product! Used in the hospital and still continue to use. Thanks Pampers!!
I like the fit of the swaddlers diapers, they are comfortable for baby. But not as absorbent as I would like. So, I would not recommend for night time use. Other than that, great product!
Love it all. Especially how absorbent they are! Just don't like that net thing.
We have tried Pampers vs other competition brands
Diapers with our little ones, but you will notice the
High Quality material and well made of diapers right away vs others. We liked the sensitive skin versions also.
I enjoy these diapers A LOT believe me the best !!
These diapers are the most absorbent. We have never had a leak overnight. However, we have a lot of blow outs with them.
I have been using swaddlers on my daughter since she was a newborn, in fact swaddlers were the diapers provided by the hospital. They keep my daughter dry, not once have we had a leak; even sleeping through the night! Great product- especially the wetness indicator
The Pampers Baby Dry are really absorbant without feeling full and heavy. We love the wetness indicator. Only issue I have is they run a little narrow around the bum, but somehow they are not tight around the front, other diapers chap my baby's legs/groin area, but these are soft and don't chap. One fault: My sister-in-law and I both experienced finding the small silia gel beads in our babies' privates from leaking out of the newborn sizes, but haven't seen any in the larger sizes.
Love that the diaper has blue line that indicates
the diaper is wet.
I love pampers swaddlers for both of my kids. They absorb well and I love the wetness indicating strip.
Love swaddles, very cute design + nice dryness! But the leg size is a bit too small for my baby.
Pampers diapers are not my fort choice. I do however prefer the baby dry pampers for my son at night but swaddlers just kept leakibg
I buy only Pampers diapers because I love the soft feel (and want something soft on my baby's skin) and the absorbency is uncomparable. If the elastic in the back could be a little bit tighter....sometimes it gaps a little in the back, but not enough for me to ever switch.
So glad Swaddlers now come in larger sizes, up to size 5! These are definitely the softest diapers out there. Great for babies with sensitive skin.
We find these diapers work best for our son. They are less likely to leak. They fit him well. And we love the blue stripe that lets us know they are wet.
We have tried several brands of diapers but continue to buy pampers swaddlers. They are easy on baby's sensitive skin and very absorbent, even overnight.
My grandma used pampers, my mom used pampers on me and now I'm using them on my kids. I didn't think to try or use anything else because this is a product the family has always used and loves. They fit, flex and form to my kids bottoms and haven't had any out of diaper accidents. I friend bought me a competitor brand and they didn't stand up to Pampers. I love them.
The swaddled shave always been a great fit for my daughter!
Dryness is average but i use the pampers baby dry for her nap and night sleep for better care.
I have always used pampers with all 3 of my kids. The swaddlers to me are the best and I recommend anyone with a child in diapers to use all pampers products.
I just had my second child and have chosen Pampers for this bundle of joy. They fit perfectly. The weight size on the side of the packaging is very helpful. Thanks Pampers!
I'm a first time mom to a 6-month-old girl. I've tried Huggies, Luvs, Target Up&Up and Pampers. By far, Pampers are the best! They are more expensive than the other diaper brands, but their quality is worth every penny! They are super absorbent, soft, work GREAT with my LO's super-sensitive skin, and in 6 months we've only experienced 2 leaks with a Pampers diaper (and they were in a Jumperoo where leaks are essentially unavoidable!)!!! At this point, we won't use anything but Pampers! HIGHLY recommend!
I've tried a lot of different brands of diapers on my 15 month old. Pampers are only ones he can wear all night and not leak through by the morning! I'll pay the extra money to prevent leaks.
Pampers are my go to diaper! They fit my baby great!
I like the wet indicator really find that helpfull pretty expensive
They are good diapers. I really like that indicator line. They fit good if you put them tight on the baby. If you put diaper little bit loser it won't absorb as supposed too. Also you can feel some wetness on baby's bottom.
As a first time mom, I had no idea what diapers were best, or even which one to start with. Our hospital used Pampers Swaddlers, and they have been fantastic since we've come home. Our little one is almost 2 months old, now, and these are our preferred diaper.
This are especially great for the newbies! How it lets you know by the color chafing strip is the most useful! Their so soft, and baby loves them!!
I am a huge fan of Pampers and an even bigger fan of the Swaddlers with their Wetness Indicator. It makes checking the diaper of my 2 month old very easy and I don't have to disturb him as much.
They have good absorbency. Although the 12 hour dry ones don't seem to work for the true 12 hours
Pampers swaddlers are great. They are the only diaper I have found that does not leak. Even at night when my son wears the diaper 8-9 hrs we havent had any problems. With other diapers he would wake up at night because he would feel wet and did not like it. He hasnt woken up once with Swaddlers. My only complaint is that I wish they would fit better in the back at the top. Sometimes my son has some messy Bm's and because it is a little loose at the top sometimes it leaks and is messy
I only buy pampers diapers. They fit the best, hold the most and have no reaction on my baby's skin like other diapers.
With 2 children under 2, we have used many diapers in the past couple years. Weve tried just about every brand and i must say pampers swaddlers really are great for the newborn stage. Fit is great, the dipped center for the belly button makes umbilical chord care much easier and we love the color changing stripe when it is soiled! Overall great product!
Since my daughter was born she wears pamper I love the smell how they fit the product is great
When we brought out baby home from the hospital we first tried a few competitors diapers. We ended up having to change her clothes multiple times a day because of leaking. We switched to pampers and have had no leaks!!!
Size fit for us is better than any other diaper. The Swaddlers keep my twins nice and dry and I definitely select this product over any others on the market! I wish the price was a little lower as we do have twins and that can add up very quickly... Also, I've heard that the previous version of Swaddlers were better... I couldn't compare but would be curious to try.
I am a first time mom and we started off with a different brand and they did not fit our little one so we purchased pampers and they are fantastic. We tried a few other brands over the past few months but pampers are the only ones that keep my baby dry and she doesn't develope a rash with them.
My baby's skin is super sensitive. The sensitive wipes are great for her skin.
i love it but hope it get more quantity for the case. my son is wearing size-2 now! I love its absorbance and softness. I wish it is cheaper!
The diapers are excellent quality! My baby loves them and they absorb the moisture really well. The only problem I have is that my baby seems to "explode" from the back almost every time...
These are definitely our favorite diapers. We went through several brands before settling on these. Won't buy any others. Keeps our baby girl happy, and don't smell near as bad as other diapers.
Brand of choice for newborns. Not so much for size 3 and above heavy leakers.
These are great. I used them on my son overnight and they held up as others he woke up wet in the mornings.
I tried out various diapers as a new mom (whatever someone gifted, we used) and came back to Pampers time and again. I found that the fit and quality were 2nd to none and would recommend to any mom.
Size 1 had really good absorbency but size 2 lacks the same quality.
These diapers are an all around good diaper. I have no issues with leaking and they seem soft enough. I do have an occasional issue in regards to gapping in the rear, but it's not too much an issue to stop using them.
Like the baby dry better bc it keep my son dry all night and he does wake up!
The wetness indicator is a must for newborns so you know when to change their diaper. The fit is great and our baby stays nice and dry all night long.
Enjoy a great product that lets you see when your baby is wet.
In my opinion, Pampers is definitely the best brand out there for babies! Swaddlers is very effective in absorbtion.
With four very young children I am up to my ears in diapers, so it's nice to know that there's a product that I trust that has suited three of my four little ones (my youngest has very sensitive skin). It's worth the money and worth the peace and quiet at night!
I prefer these over the baby dry. I just like so much more of there design.
I've used both swaddlers sensitive and regular for my little one and I am happy with both. I would definitely recommend and will continue to use them.
like the easiness of use and dryness of the wet diapers
I like all pampers products the best. What I like the most is the color changing strip in the front of all swaddlers. It makes life easier to know when my son is wet especially when he was a newborn.
Super absorbent and comfortable, really like the design with the characters
This is a great diaper. I only use pampers swaddlers on my 5 month old son and use pampers baby dry and pampers pull ups on my 20 month old son.
Good. Using for my 5 month old son.works fine.good
I think pampers make good, quality products. I LOVE the wetness indicator.
I just love the feel of these diapers. So soft, and flexible! They are also easy to put on and take off!
I love the way they feel and fit. Consistency in all their products. A must buy!!!
my baby has been using this diaper since born. It is great and easy, and fits my baby well.

a little concern is the coversheet sometimes adhere to the baby's skin.

like the indicator much.
We've used Pampers from the very minute our baby was born. We used on bag of luvs someone had given us, it was awful compared. It leaked at night and things came out of the sides when we had blow outs. Never again. Swaddlers are great for new babies.
Using pampers for fist kid and the second baby and never change to other brand
I am so glad to use pamper product.it makes my little one comfortable like a friend.
First time mom and I have not had a problem with pampers at all. The indicator on the front and back helps me track my son's output without investigating in the actual diaper. I had a user malfunction when I didn't get the wings around my son's legs, but learned my lesson quick.
I would recommend pampers to any new mom.
Although we didn't try too many brands (just Huggies and Luvs), we haven't had any blow-outs using Pampers. No diaper rash either!
I would say that the overall quality of this diaper is outstanding. I have had some issues in the past with pampers products, but would recommend your products to family and friends.
I really liked these pampers for my baby because they are really soft and they have good absorption and they dont levae any kind of markings on my baby's body :) I would recomend them also because they let you know when your baby is dirty because the the line it has on the middle that changes color also because they dont let out any odors ;)
Really like all pampers products!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
What a time saver having the blue line indicator! Especially when my baby girl is sleeping, I can just peek and not wake her.
They are the best diapers on the market, but definetely a little pricey. I think all diapers are pricey though.
We received many different brands as gifts but Pampers are our favorite. We have used the other brands and have found that we are changing them more often or the other brands would leak. We even had them leak while sitting on grandma's lap and ruined a pair of shorts. Love pampers and will use them for our third baby as well.
I love the swaddlers! It is the only diaper I use on my daughter! The fit is great for her and she doesn't make messes like other diapers I've tried.
good quality and reasonable price. will definitely continue to buy pampers
Used Pampers for my first son and love it for my second. Wouldn't use any other.
My baby has been a pampers baby from day one. He tried a different brand, but their elastic type backing irritated his sensitive baby skin. Pampers Swaddlers are gentle enough for even his sensitive skin. Pampers Swaddlers diapers get 4 out of 5 stars because somehow, even with regular diaper changes, my son manages to leak through the diaper on occasion. I only buy Pampers and I would only recommend Pampers to friends and family.
I love pampers, especially papmer swaddler. My little one tried other brand, even other type of pampers. Swaddler is the most soft and absorbent one on the market. i will stay with pampers swaddler as long as I can. Now they have size 5 for swaddler. How nice!
Top Quality
Good price
Is best to use a famous brand instead of trying other brands of diapers
pretty good.
i will definitely buy again in the future.
Pampers swaddlers are my favorite Pampers diapers. They are soft and absorbent.
My 1 yo son and I both love Swaddlers!!! Im so happy Pampers extended their size up to 5!!! He is wearing size 4 right now, and I am exited there will be one more size after he is done with 4. Great absorbency, almost no rashes since the day he was born. I recommend Pampers Swaddlers highly to all the mommies out there!!! Thanks Pampers!!!
My daughter has wore these since she was born. These and baby drys. These are by far the softest diapers.
It is okay product compare to other diaper. Give a try.
When I had my baby at the hospital they had him in the huggies newborn and I thought they fit so I bought a box and the umbilical cord cut out was so low he was peeing out of them..so I bought the Pampers newborn and they are awesome hes 12 pounds and still wearing them because he's long and skinny
Better than Huggies. It's a shame that hospitals push Huggies more. Thisproduct keeps baby nice and dry without the wet ball bulkiness
Great daytime diapers with the wetness indicator to tell how full they are! I have used on both girl and boy baby and they are wonderful daytime diapers to get you through till the next feedin!
Love the color strip that tells you when they have a wet diaper. Very helpful!
I like this product because the fit was just right.
I have purchased this product for the baby and its good absorbency never resulted in a rash on my baby skin.
Wonderful.
The thing I like most about the swaddlers is the color changing line. It let me know when my little one needed a change. Also, I love the fit and they always kept him dry!
i love the dryness strip on the and how they are soft to the tuch
I have used pampers swaddler and sensitive series with sensitive wipes. I don't have any serious diaper rash. It is good for baby's first diaper.
Great quality - I have had a lot of issues with leakage but it happens with all the diapers I buy.
I like these diapers for newborns; they are the softest diapers I found. It's great to have a soft diaper on your newborn for cuddling with them.
Pampers swaddlers were the diaper that we were introduced to in the hospital with my son, and we continue to use it. We love the line indicator, and the dryness that he gets is totally worth it.
The only brand that ill put on my baby! Pampers keep his skin dry!
Pampers is the only diaper that holds up and doesn't smell bad
Meets our needs for potty training. Nice fit and the diaper doesn't leak.
cant complain about pampers at all ive been using them since my first child and they have been my choice ever since
These diapers are very soft and moveable and they have a great scent out of the package
pampers diapers are good but finding them a little costly.
As usual, I have bought a lot of Pamper's products. Compare to other diapers which my friends have used, I think Pampers is the best. I trust the name.
The wetness indicator is very helpful and this diaper is super absorbent.
Very reliable. Never had any issues. Fits perfectly to our son.
I am very much happy using this product.it absorbs great and fits well..
I think these are just as good as baby dry but these cost more money for less diapers. Just okay.
I was given this brand in the hospital and didn't have any kind of experience with others but I did try others after our release from the hospital. So far these are the best out of the ones I've tried.
Happy baby = happy mommy!!!!
I love the wet indicator on the diaper it helps prevent leaks.
Great product. Great for overnight too no leaks!!!
I was iffy about pampers diapers in general, I was alway a Huggins fan. At the hospital I given the swaddler for my newborn. I loved the fit and the fact that it had a notch for the umbilical cord so I didn't have to fold it or worry about it rubbing against it and pulling off
These diapers were fantastic. My baby stayed dry all night and we never had leakage problems in these.
Found that no other diapers would as well as Pampers.
For a baby boy not yet circumcised yet these diapers were higher on the waist, and gave great leak protection.
Love the absorbancy but wish the diapers had a line on them like Huggies.
First time mom here! I like these diapers. I've used three different sizes now (newborn, one and now two). The fit is good. The absorbency is very amazing. It holds quite a bit!! There have been only a few leaks but that might be just user-error. Once I mastered the perfect fit, we had almost no leaks.
Cruisers are better! I have bought swaddlers in the past and it seemed that at nighttime my baby would always leak through. So after trying the cruisers and no leaks at night, that's what I stuck with. They work the best for us!
These diapers were given to me in the hospital and I loved them from the first use. Everyone says they're "too expensive" but when I've purchased other diapers they didn't compare to pampers swaddlers. They're worth every penny!
this product is great, I would definitely recommend
I used them in the beginning, but for the price I switched over to the baby dry product instead. I get more diapers for less money.
I have a soaker that leaks thru everything no matter how often we change her. Pampers are pricey but worth the extra absorbency
I have found that pampers have been the most dependable diapers for my toddler.
Ever since my daughter was born she was in pampers! We love the quality as well as keeping her and her clothes dry.
Swaddlers are the best diapers for newborn babies. Love the indicator that tells you when they are wet so that you don't have to guess.
I have used many different brands of diapers and different styles that the different brands offer. I like all the pampers diaper styles, but I would have to say that swaddlers are my favorite. The swaddler diapers are very soft on my infants skin and they absorb very well. Also the line that changes color is helpful knowing when my child's diaper needs to be changed.
Great product! I used them for both of my children and continue to use pampers cruisers and extra protection diapers with my little one!
The Pampers Swaddlers were the best fitting diaper for my son who was born 7 weeks premature. Once he was out of preemie diapers he wore swaddlers for over 5 months. They fit him the best as he was never really a 'chunky' baby and many of the other brands fit too loosely around the legs and waist.
We been using Pampers from day 1 and my baby girl could not be happier. She has not had 1 rash and the diapers absorbs everything for hours. I would defiantly recommend Pampers over other brands.
Diaper is good but sometimes baby leaks. Overall is good quality.
First time mom here and just like you when i walked into the diaper section i was completely lost with all the different types. Thanks to pampers swaddlers my baby isn't just comfortable but hes dry even with a full diaper, which means more sleep for me .
I love pampers, but have a hard time with the price. Even with sales and coupons they are still spendy. I would for sure buy them more often if the price was more reasonable.
Love the quality of these diapers. They never leak and are super soft. They seem to run a little small but I'd rather buy a larger size than have leaks.
Pretty decent product when my daughter was first born. As she got bigger sizes I didn't like so much for her.
never would use anything else, pampers swaddles are all i will ever use
Pampers are great diapers. They keep my baby boy dry and comfortable which is important to us Moms! I love the color indicator strip that let's me know it's time for a diaper change.
Pampers are my dependable brand for my babies!!
I first used Pampers swaddlers in the hospital after my first baby was born. I have been using them ever since because I am so happy with the overall fit. My only complaint is that they are expensive.
These diapers work very well. I recommend them to anyone.
pampers is my number one choice when buying diapers!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
A great diaper overall, a few times we've experienced leaks and we change our son every 3-4 hours as it seems to fill up quickly. Overall, a good product better than Huggies for us!
I had my first baby back in January 2013. First diaper she wore (from the hospital) was a pampers swaddlers. This was a big clue to me that these were a good choice. Then when home I used some other leading brand diapers that were baby shower gifts. They tended to leak down her inner legs or she wet through them so quick. Finally after I got through all the baby shower gift diapers I went out and bought Pampers Swaddlers. Couldn't be happier! They fit her just right so no leaks, Plus, a big bonus was when my 16 year old sister babysat with no prior baby experience, she was relieved with the wetness indicator. I just love pampers!
I love this diapers cause they work wonders! Help me with my baby that is learning how to move.
Diaper fits well on my daughter. She is able to move pretty good in them.
We just had our little girl two weeks ago and already went through our box of 100 pampers swaddlers. We really like the color changing indicator for wet diapers which really helps for nighttime changes. The swaddlers also holds in all that newborns produce. We eventually will be using cloth diapers but will stick with pampers for traveling and on the go.
My granddaughter diapers leak up the back. The wipes are excellent, but sometimes the pamper codes are hard to read.
My favorite diapers are pampers, but I just wish they didn't cost so much!
We really like the Pampers saddlers. They are a good fitting and really absorbent diaper for our little one. I like the wetness indicator. Other brands we tried seemed small for the size and their sticky tabs cling to everything. We have had a good experience with Pampers so far.
I love these diapers. Used newborn through size 4 with my first child and never had any leaks! Now using them with number two and they still are great and leak free!
Ive tried a few brands and Pampers are my favorite. They keep my daughter comfortable and dry. Good product!
My Mother-in-Law watches our baby while we are working and she loves the wettest intenactor on these diapers.
Only diapers my baby does not leak out of!! Love!!
Love these pampers swaddlers compared to huggies, they keep leaks from happening and are a great diaper.
I have always used pampers swaddlers on my newborns. They fit great and absorb a lot. The only issue I hae found with them is the mesh overlay inside of the diaper will sometimes stick to my baby if they are not changed right away. The diapers are also a little bit pricier than most diapers. Other than that the pampers swaddlers are an excellent diaper to use on your babies.
When your child first gets here their little bodies produce little outcomes.These diapers are great for little messes such as these. The indicator was helpful due to the fact that these babies do not do much in the diapers and it's hard to tell until they're older.

For older babies I recommend the Baby Dry diapers from Pampers. Not only does it hold more and have more diapers than the cruisers, but I've found that these are the only diapers that my daughter can successfully go all night in without a diaper change in the middle of the night and wake up with dry PJs.
i like the swaddlers, it is easy to tell when the baby needs to be change the dipper. it is good for the fresh mom
Pampers Swaddlers are a great diaper for newborns. My daughter used these diapers before I switched to Pampers Sensitive skin diapers. I never had a problem with leaking or fit. These diapers were much better than the other brands that I tried with my daughter. Highly recommend!
first time buy this product , it is easy to use. fit well.
We used Swaddlers for a short time after our son was born, when the Baby Dry diapers in the smallest size seemed to be leaking. The Swaddlers worked fine, although we eventually went back to the Baby Dry because we did not see enough of a difference to justify the difference in price.
These diapers are an excellent fit at a size 5 and absorbency was what was expected by pampers!
I love swaddlers in newborn sizes and used them exclusively for all 3 of my girls. They fit great, and the color changing line was fabulous in helping me keep my newborns skin nice and dry. However, I would not recommend the larger sizes for babies over a few months old. They tend to leak very quickly (or get that damp gross feeling to them), and don't even think about using them overnight.
I have tried a couple brands so far and pampers work the best
Keeps baby very dry and comfortable through the night. Sometimes fit is not 100% right.
We have tried two other major diaper brands and love Pampers. While Baby Dry is our favorite we also buy swaddlers as they have the wetness indicator on the front making diaper changes even easier. I also think they fit larger than the Pampers Baby Dry diapers so when baby switches sizes we use the Baby Dry first and then switch to the Swaddlers. :)
The diapers the hospital used were Pamper's Swaddlers. I highly recommend those for NB. NO LEAKS!
I highly recommend for newborns! So soft and convenient with the color-changing line to see when baby's diaper is wet.
I like the swaddler diapers for my son. He has not had any leaks with this diaper. My husband really likes the wetness indicator.
This is great diapers for baby and toddler. We have already recommend it to all our friends to use it.
My husband and I tried other brands and even other styles of Pampers, and these are the ones I love using! Our little guy stays dry and, barring other issues, diaper rash free! We've had very VERY little issues with leaking or overflow! And, they are great for overnight-- especially for the younger babies!!
We have been using pampers swaddlers with our 2 month old since he was born. Not many diapers are as good a fit as swaddlers. I love the wetness indicator because he hates to be wet for long so I can tell right away.
Pampers Swaddlers are by far the best diaper out there, but they could use some better absorbency for night time. We have to change our sons diaper in the middle of the night or else he will completely leak through.. And yes, we have tried the night time extra protection diapers - still doesn't hold. However compared to all the other brands, these are still the best!
Although the product is expensive, it's well worth it.
I recommend Pampers Swaddlers to all of my new mom friends, and have tried the other brands which have failed me. I love this company and have not found a product that hasn't been top-notch. Thank You Pampers!!
My baby has sensitive skin and breaks out in rashes very easily. Swaddlers provide an extra layer of protection to keep her dry and comfortable - especially as she is beginning to sleep more hours through the night.
I completely prefer Pampers to any other brand, but they are a bit "pricey" when on a fixed budget.
Pampers Swaddlers diapers are great for children. It was nice to have the indicator on the diaper so you don"t always have to feel your child to see if there wet. I love buying pampers!
Soft and absorbent. Keeps my baby dry and happy. Happy baby makes a happy mom.
I used these for quite a while but prefer the baby dry as they stay dry longer.
I like swadlers used for my 2 babies. For first one girl I used till size 3 but for boy my 2nd one I am still using ... I like the way it does its job.
Swaddlers really are the softest diapers out there.
These are the only diapers contain my little ones #2... I have tried 5 other brands and no one compares
I have used several different brands and started using pampers consistently for multiple reasons, first and most importantly the line indicator. That is the best invention ever. Secondly, they seem to fit comfortably on my baby. And then the fact they are very absorbent, not that I would leave her wet for 12 hrs but if she will sleep that long at night then that is a nice quality. I am quite happy with pampers and do not plan on changing brands ever.
We prefer the swaddlers line, and while the sensitive work the best for us, these are a good alternative.
I have twins and when they were newborns they had a tendency to leak through the diapers. I still love them but we had to go up a size even though they were a little big just so they wouldn't leak through.
Pampers Swaddlers were the first diaper we used for our baby. I loved the umbilical cord notch and how they fit. We only stopped using them because we switched to Pamper's Baby Dry.
I'm a mom of two wild little boys! Pampers are the only diapers that seem to be able to keep up! They hold a lot of...liquid. Even overnight! They fit really well although I do wish they ran a little bigger. Also, I think making the size of the diaper bigger and easier to read would be very helpful. It would make it easier to differentiate between the two sizes my boys wear. Thanks! Keep up the good work!
I like the swaddlers for a newborn, but after about 3 months, they don't fit as well I don't think. I moved on to the baby dry after 3 months.
We love these diapers for our 3 month old! They are softer and wick away wet and dirty better than any other diapers we've tried. The only complaint we have is that our son has "blow outs" up his back pretty much everyday!
The dry fit diapers are amazing! They fit my baby so much better than ordinary diapers and they don't leak like the other diapers. I love these diapers and will be using them again.
I've went back and forth between pampers and huggies, and I have come to the conclusion that pampers work much better for my daughter! Far less blowouts than the huggies!
Tried other types of diapers that would leak and not hold up well. These work great.
I love the wetness indicator from the swaddlers diapers. It is easy to know when to change the baby
We love using your thick wipes and absorbent diapers.
Pampers is our preferred brand! They seem to fit the best and hold in wetness better than any other brand we have tried. We are at size 3's but plan on using the Pampers Cruisers for as long as our son is in diapers!
My son started to use Pamper diapers since he was born. Pampers provides many kinds of choices, from swaddle, baby dry, sensitive and overnight. We used all of these types of diapers in different periods of our child. All are good.
Love the wetness indicator. Only problem is sometimes it doesn't work.
We love swaddlers diapers. The wetness indicator is perfect way to not waste diapers or wake ur baby unnecessarily at night! Hope they make them in size 6 soon!
Swaddlers seem to fit my infant perfectly. They don't cut into his legs like other diapers have. Perfect fit for my growing boy!
swaddler is thiner and softer and absorbe better than any other diapers. It is the best diaper out there and is the only brand that my baby used.
We have used Pampers Swaddlers since day one and we love them. They are gentle on baby's skin and the fit is great!
Great quality especially for newborns, as get older not as necessary for the price
Pampers is always a brand you can trust and good quality
Keeps my baby from having blowouts- worth the value right there!
This is a great product for any parent whether a first time parent or your veteran at parenting. Anyone from siblings to grandparents will be able to easily see your baby's need and help with diaper changes. The diaper is soft and offers a comfy fit for the baby.
I would definitely recommend Pampers Swaddlers. One of our daughters has skin sensitivity issues, and Swaddlers are the only diapers that keep her dry and clean.
Pampers swaddlers has made life easier in this house. They are great!!
All products from Pampers have high quality and standards. i feel they are little pricey when compared to other products but can be understood because of the quality. i would say please maintain the quality of products.
The diaper fit well. It was able to move freely with my toddler
The hospital uses Pampers. If they only use this brand it must be one of the best out there. I have had very little trouble with my son peeing out. We will be in the swaddle diapers for a while as my son was born 12 weeks early.
My daughter can only use the pampers swaddles, we love the fit, and she almost always wakes up dry. On occasion, the diapers do leak, but that is nothing to be upset about!
These are the only diapers that we have found so far that are comfortable and don't leak.
My twin baby girls have very sensitive skin and they seem to do very well with the Pampers Swaddlers diapers. I wish they were a bit less expensive, but I appreciate that they don't seem to irritate the girls' skin.
I feel that pampers are one of the best diapers I have used, and I have tried many different Diaper brands. They have yet to leak on me and fit very well. Love them
When our daughter was born the hospital used swaddlers and they were great!
I love using Pampers. They are wonderful on my baby's skin, and I do not worry about them leaking. The one thing that would make them better is better pricing. They tend to be a little pricy.
I have a three month old. The swaddler diapers seem to fit him much better than regular pampers. I plan to buy these from now on.
Diapers have amazing absorbency, but the fit in the back can be a little better.
Pampers work good on my little one. The only complain is sometimes there are leakage from back.
Love the Swaddles so helpful.
The blue line is awesome.
My baby is able to sleep through without trouble.
Good coverage
Wish price was kettle less.
We love the dryness and they go high up the back to help prevent messes!
My daughter is able to sleep through the night without me having to change her diaper. Because she actually sleeps through the night it works great for me.
Overall decent product sometimes have issues with stuff going up my sons back but overall we like them.
product is great, expect it will leak from the waist. Wish the problem could be solve in future products.
Love these diapers and my little one is always leak free! Just wish they size 1 had the side tabs.
Great diapers! They keep my kiddo dry and happy and I don't have the blowout issues I had with Huggies.
My baby is 2 months now and pampers seem to be the only diapers that hold in the mess!
I love how the pampers fit my 3 month old better than any other brand out there!
As a new mom, it's sometimes hard to tell if there's a wet diaper just on "feeling" it. So, the wetness indicator really helped me not to waste diapers!

Swaddlers fitted my daughter well, so I'm happy with them!
Great fit and not too bulky under clothing. They look thin but absorb just fine.
We are pleased with Pampers. I would like to see more "green" efforts and cost is always a little bit of an issue.
Pampers is a great quality product. I am impressed with the new color-changing wetness indicator. Saves this tired mamma from guessing and wasting diapers!
I tried other brands of diapers when my daughter was first born, but I always went back to pampers. The way pampers fit is incredible. Other brands break her skin out. She would always end up with her crib soaking wet by the morning from other brands. She wakes up dry in pampers.
Great for newborns. A bit on the expensive side, prefer baby-dry for the value.
We have tried the other brands but we were not nearly as satisfied as we are with the Pampers.
Overall good product. Was a little tight around hips for my newborn but at least it didn't leak.
These are the only diapers that I use. Others my baby has managed to soak through.
I love how soft the swaddler diapers are and how well they fit. However, they could be priced a little better. The new boxes come with less diapers and are more expensive!
Swaddlers are the only diapers I would recommend for newborn babies! Soft and absorbable!
This is a great diaper and I've used on my baby since she was born. I love how they have increased the size choices.
I like the factor thta the diapers provide a strip that shows you how wet they are before you go to the process of actually changing them
Pamper Swaddlers diapers are OK. I like them for newborns, but they are NOT for a 18 month old baby.
These were my favorite diapers when my son was born. Because I'm a new mom I didn't have a preference for diapers and this was what they used in the hospital. I was gifted two other brands and one leaked up his back and the others felt like paper.

I especially like the swaddlers because they have the wetness indicator (which they now have for all sizes.) Size 2 didn't have the wetness indicator when my son moved up to that size so I switched to a different pampers diaper.

I never switched back only because of the price. I can get 10 or more baby dry diapers for the same price.
I love the pampers swadlers. In my country we dont say diaper we just say give me pampers!
These diapers worked great for my son until he started walking all the time - then the fit wasn't as good. They were super absorbent.
I love that I can count on pampers to keep my baby dry at night.
This brand of diapers are used in the hospital and I have them at home as well. I have been pleased with this company and the diapers that they produce.
These diapers are different from most diapers. They have a woven type of top layer. They seem to be absorbent. My only issue is that the woven top layer seem to make the fecal matter stick to my baby's bottom.
It is great to have the diaper indicator to know when to change our little one.
Being a first time mom there were a lot of things to learn
The wetness indicator helped my husband and I know it was time to change our little one.
We tried several brands and felt Pampers Swaddlers was the best! No leaks and easy to use. Our baby seemed to like them too!
I have used competitor projects and seem to like the swaddlers the best!
Swaddlers are great for newborns because they are very soft. Our problem with them is that they leaked, even though our son was still several pounds less than the maximum weight on the box.
I won't buy any other brands ever. Love them for my little princess! They smell love baby powder even after a full night
My little one loves swaddlers and has since we brought him home from the hospital. Now that he is crawling I was worried we needed to switch to a special diaper and that was not the case. My angel stays dry and happy and my house stays clean and dry which makes me happy. Swaddlers keep my sweet baby dry through most nights yet we have had a leak or two but who doesn't. We love pampers swaddles.
I switched from Huggies to Pampers and it was the best choice. They fit great and when I change her in the morning the absorbency keeps it all it. Overall a good product. Love it!
I have been using Pampers since my son was born and would recommend them.
Tried Huggies when my daughter was first born and always had a problem with leaks. While we do have the occasional "blow-out" swaddlers fit her great. Will definitely recommend to friends.
These diapers offer the best absorbency I've seen. My son urinates A LOT. Pampers holds more than other brands. They fit him nicely, too.
I've used pampers with both my kids. I've used other brands and had blow outs, leaks, and poor fitting ones. Pampers is the reliable option. Plus the line on the swaddlers made my husband's life easier knowing when to change the babies when I wasn't around.
Nice Fit, Sensitive skin friendly and prices are little on higher side but worth paying.
I prefer pampers over any other diaper or wipe they are great products and work best on my baby as well as my previous child I would recommend them to everyone. I believe they have less leaks and protect better than any other diaper
I love pampers products. My only complaint is the gap in the back when my little guy sits down our moves around you can see his little butt.
I have been using pampers from the beginning. The hospital had supplied us with some and we liked them better than the other brands we had been gifted at our shower, making them our choice brand... although lately (5 months old) they have been leaking at night, my baby sleeps almost 12 hours with only one feeding in the middle. I don't know if its just because other babies his age might wake up more than mine. Overall we are pleased with this brand!
I really like pampers swaddlers. Wish they went higher than size 2. The wetness indicator is very helpful especially for a new parent.
I have newborn twins and have to change diapers frequently. I was given another name brand that wasn't nearly as soft or as absorbent as pampers. Pampers are worth every penny!
I only purchase Pampers diapers for my twin boys and I enjoyed using Swaddlers size Newborn-4. Now I use cruisers size 5. I use the night time diapers and sensitive wipes as welll. I would never switch to another brand.
Pampers fit my baby's thunder thighs perfectly. They hold well during the night and are reasonably priced
Color changing line helps a lot if it's your first baby.
I am not too selective on the type of Pampers diaper that I use- so long as it is a Pampers. I just LOVE the smell they have.
Being a first time mom we have been luck to receive many diapers from friends and family. We have basically tried them all, everything from the big name brands to store brands. Nothing has met our standards like Pampers swaddlers. I love how soft they are. Not to mention how well they hold a mess where other brands have let me down. My baby will always be a Pampers baby.
They are perfect for overnight I absolutely love them!
We use them during the day and at night and they have been great! I wish they gathered a bit in the back because as they are moving now they tend to get a little plumbers crack, but nothing major -- no blow outs or any wetness.
Good products for baby! More protect,more dryness.
They are good diapers. The cost is higher but you get what you pay for.
I loved Pampers Swaddlers for my newborn. We used them until size 2, then switched to Overnights for my heavy wetter.
My daughter pees a lot & these diapers have never leaked.
We've never had a problem with pampers products! They have been the only diaper so far that has not leaked for my daughter! She has sensitive skin and even the regular diaper by pampers don't cause rash or irritation!
We tried store brands and pampers was the only one that didn't leak
They absorb well, but my son didn't fit the size 1 until he was over 10 pounds (the package says 10-14lbs), so he had to wear the newborns longer. However, by doing this, they were slightly too small on him to hold in the messy ones.
My baby (now 3 months) has primarily used Pampers Swaddlers since she was born. I have been given other brands as gifts and have been disappointed by other brands ability to not leak out the sides. I do wish that the Pampers Newborn diapers had a deeper umbilical cord notch, as I had to fold down the diaper. I love the color changing wetness indicator, much better than sticking my hand in there!
I loved these diapers when my son was little. They are very soft, the fit was great, the absorbency was really good and we loved the wetness indicator. As my son grew older and more mobile we found that we had a few leaks and we switched over to cruisers.
We have been using this diapers ever since my daughter was born 9 months ago. I am a new mom and trusted the opinions of others. I had many people suggest that I get these diapers. I love the fact that it has a line that will turn blue if the diaper is wet. The diaper can hold a lot but is not good for overnight. My daughter has soaked through many at night. I wish that the price was also alittle lower.
Pampers are the best diapers out there! And with a newborn with sensitive skin to begin with it's always reassuring to know Pampers Sensitive are there to prevent any unwanted rashes! Pampers holds in the wetness for hours overnight, which I love! Less leaks means less work for mommy! Thank you Pampers! :)
I like how the diapers stay soft when soaked. Unlike competitor's diapers that get hard and solid when wet, Pampers Dry Baby stay soft so that when my little guy is sleeping on his tummy, he's not sleeping on a rock!
Pampers is the only diapers my daughter can wear without getting a rash!
Great quality, but not absorbant enough for 4 month old who sleeps through the night 8 hours.
Swaddlers Quality is much better than babydry diapers.babydry diapers smell really bad, swaddlers are really good as they fit well.
My son only had Swaddlers on his bum for hist first 6 months! They are the softest diapers and I love the wetness indicator.
I feel like Pampers diapers have the best absorbency over any other brand!
I like the yellow line that tunrs blue when the diper is wet
Hi,
I use the pampers diaper for my baby after that she feel happy n calm.n it's very good for first time users.
I have been using these 50% of the time alternating with wholesale store brand. They are definitely better at containing stool blowouts but seem to let a bit of their gel escape if very wet. Also leg elastic frequently loses its shape fairly easily.
Pampers are good as it was before . My baby loves it.
Pampers has been my go to brand for diapers and wipes. They fit good and provide the protection my son needs especially for naps and overnight.
I find that these are the best brand out there compared to all the other. Would only by Pampers brand.
The wetness indicator is great especially for new parents. I experienced some leakage occasionally when my son had a bowel movement when he wore size 1 and size 2.
First time dad. Tried a few different brands of diaper and I have to admit that pampered is my brand. They fit better and don't have leak issues.
Very absorbent and keeps wetness away from baby's skin
No rash no leak holds over night! What else can I say perfect choice we'll the best choice!
At first we liked Huggies, but after trying Pampers, we like them even more! We'll keep using Pampers!
Love pampers :-)!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
These are a great product. Have used them for both kids and have been very happy.
Very good and dry for my twin sons. I would recommend
this brand
I love that these diapers have the wetness indicator strip on them. They are so soft so I don't worry about them being uncomfortable on my baby all day every day.
The swaddlers seem to fit our infant the best of many we have tried.
Swaddled diapers work great. I have three children and no other brand compared to pampers definitely the way to go.
I have always really liked these diapers. They even work good for men because they can use the yellow line to determine when the baby needs changed
Pampers did a good job my little one dry. Some nights got to be too much did the diapers to handle though.
This is the only diaper that keeps my baby skin dry!!!
I don't like the inner layer, I would more prefer baby dry
I only use pampers on my daughter. They are much better quality than most other diapers.
I like these diapers. They're more expensive, but they work for my son. They fit well, hold in the mess, and don't make his skin break out.
I have used these on all 3 of my girls. I can trust that my babies will be comfy in these diapers and the umbilical cord notch is perfect for the new little ones :)
The only thing that I don't like is the fragrance. Me and my husband are sensitive to scents and I would rather have a diaper that was fragrance-free.
The diapers are soft and fit both my babies well.
I love the swaddler fit and especially the colored line on the smaller diapes that show when they are wet. I don't like how the outside of the diaper feels damp. I love the smell of Pampers diapers. I have kids with allergies and I never have a problem with Pampers.
I highly recommend these diapers for day time use however find that my daughter frequently wets thru the diaper at night as I find her stomach/onesie wet.
Not your cheapest option, but solid and worked well for our child, would buy again!
I like the sensitive swaddlers. I like the smell, but if you don't like baby powder scent you may not. They fit great; we've never had a big mess. They are thin , and not bulky. They keep my baby dry during day use; however, we use a more absorbent diaper at night. I like the blue wetness indicator; not a necessity, but a nice little bonus.Overall my favorite diaper.
Pampers leak less often than the other brands I've tried.
These diapers are so soft and cuddly-- my little one hardly ever had a diaper rash when he was in these! I never bought another pack of diapers.... I tried an off brand that someone gave me and they felt like cardboard compared to these. Once you try them, you'll never want to put your baby in another diaper. The only downside is the price-- I feel that these diapers are definitely more expensive than most. Also, when my son got older they didn't seem to absorb as much (may have been a fit issue, not sure).
My daughter sleeps on her stomach, and Pampers Swaddlers are one of few diapers that are absorbant enough in the front to keep her dry all night.
I love how they have the wetness indicator. Although sometimes since urine goes down it marks the indicator in their tushy. So you might get confused and think its poopy. But overall this is a great diaper and now they go up to a size 5.
Love the wetness indicator - it provides a quick visual to let me know when baby is wet.
I like the diapers a lot except that I have had a lot of times when the wet diapers have overflowed. I also had a box of diapers that had a very foul odor to them.
Blow outs happen with all diapers - even these; but they are the best within the diapers brand and perhaps comparable huggies brand.
My baby just turned one and I have been using pampers baby dry since I had her. I just tried cruisers diapers and it was less padding and less absorbent than the baby dry. Will definitely go back to my baby dry.
I loved the pamper swaddlers. The color changing indicator was great for when my son was first born. I found they fit him very well and kept him dry for a long time. I suggest these to anyone who wants quality in their diapers.
I have tried a few different brands but seems like pampers works best for my lil one in term of fit and dryness.
I know I can trust that putting Swaddlers on my baby won't break him out and will be the most comfortable diaper for him. The yellow/blue indicator line is reassuring also when we're changing him. Our son is almost 8 months now and is in size 3. We've been very happy with Pampers Swaddlers!
I'm a FTM and always got great reviews from friends about pampers so I knew those were the diapers is go with. Well for the most part, they were right. The fit is great, the softness is perfect, we've only had three leaks in 2 months but I did have one disappointment with how long they last. My baby has started to sleep in 4-6 hour stretches and that's too long for these diapers. When I change her after those longer patterns, the diaper is bursting at the seams and her sleeper feels a tiny damp. I'd ove to move up to the Dry diapers but she's still in NB size and of course they come in NB. But overall, I love them and would most definitely recommend them.
These are good. I still like how you got more diapers for your money before the change.
We only buy Pampers for all 3 of our children who are in diapers, from the 2 and 1/2 year old twins to the 8 month old baby. It is the only one that keeps the kids dry through the night.
Although we used to purchase another brand due to its leak protection, it has not great quality in maintaining dryness. Pamper has a great quality in this regard and we recommend it to every parent.
I found these diapers to be of good quality. I've never had an issue with pampers for my infants. I did, however, find a strange odor to them.
Please mention the column to improve any quality in it..
I love the cloth feel of the Swaddler diapers. It fits my LO well around the legs and she does not leak out of the front like others do!
The umbilical cord notch is the best. I didn't have anything to worry about. It was way better than folding the front flap of the diaper.
Kept my little one dry and rash free through the day.
Great to see when the diapers are dirty via the line indicator.
The hospital my premi babies were born used these diapers and we have used them for the past 6 months up to size 2. We are now moving to Cruisers, but Swaddlers are still our favorite.
they run a little larger on my little guy or seem to but thats fine with me makes changes easier on dear dad
I love pampers diapers. My baby stays very dry. Great product
Great diaper for night time use! Usually don't leak.
You should change diaper about 3 to 4 hour so your kid feel comfortable .
Pampers Swaddlers are very soft and pretty absorbent. I love the wetness indicator as well!
I prefer Pampers Swaddlers diapers for my daughter. They are great at keeping her dry and comfortable and it's easy for us to know when she needs to be changed - the color changing wetness indicator is so helpful!
I wish these came in larger sizes! These fit great with few blowouts!
We love using Pampers Swaddlers on our baby girl! Such a great fit and the wetness indicator means no guess work about a dirty diaper. Great absorbency too! We love this product!
We had tried several brands with our first born and they all seemed to leak at night because she slept on her stomach once she could roll over. With pampers we never had any leaks. This is all we use with our second child and what we recommend to friends.
I have been using these diapers for 3 months and I really like them. We only have a minor amount of leaks.
I have tried many other diaper brands and as a busy mom my top pick would be Pampers swaddlers. With the wetness indicator I know when to change my little one so we can get on with the day instead of constantly Checking the diaper to see if its wet. Plus I wouldn't want my baby sitting in a wet diaper for long and the swaddlers help let me know when it's time for a change!
I love how soft these diapers are and the wetness indicator is a huge plus.
I only like using pampers for my daughter. She stays dry through the night.
As a mom for the first time, I searched a lot while I was pregnant, and came about many recommendations for swaddlers.. I was very pleased with them. I absolutely love the indicator line! I would recommend it for all first time moms.
Better than great diaper. Really like indicator that helps to detect wetness. Would highly recommend.
great product for the kids and parents. I am a first time dad and I had no problems to figure out how to use it. Very easy to use diapers.
We have 6 month old twins. When the were born the hospital used pampers swaddlers and we've continued doing so.
This little diaper is great! Love the mesh that keeps my baby dry and the soiled part separate! Haven't had any leaks or other problems. This momma is loving it and will continue to use Pampers Swaddlers for my little man!
I have purchased many typed of diapers for my baby. I would buy pampers but the size one were not the best fit. We will be trying when she reaches the next size.
Swaddlers are wonderful, but sometimes the mesh sticks to my baby's bottom. This is why I prefer swaddlers.
A great quality product. Will buy again in the future.
Pampers is the best diaper we have found to minimize leaks with our slender baby. They are a little more expensive, but worth it.
Thanks for making a good product.
I have tried other diapers. I cannot tell for sure right now which are better than others because my baby is only a month old. Maybe when she starts eating baby food she will really test the diapers..................
I've been using pampers swaddlers on and off for about a year now, they're great diapers except they're expensive and they smell like chemicals when they get wet. I also don't notice any change in the "improved" ones
We tried generic and other cheaper options but pampers were the only ones that worked for my son.
Although these diapers are the only diapers that have kept my baby more dry and have had the best fit they still dont keep my baby all the way dry but they absorbe a lot more then any of the other diapers i have bought. I most of all love the softness of the diaper when i hold my baby after changing her diaper it reminds me of the first time changing her diaper, sweet sweet memories. I love love love the wet or dry detector on the diaper when its all the way green it always makes me feel sure about when its time to change baby this super great love it!
Everything about these diapers are pretty much great...except the smell.
Tried this on my 2 year old. Super absorbent, keeps him dry for a long time. The fit is just right as it contours to the body.
Pampers has been the best brand I have ever bought for my baby's.
Great Diapers. Fit well and great absorbency!!!!!!
I started using Pampers Swaddlers 13 years ago with my first born and now have used them on all my children when newborn with exception to my 3 child. At the time there weren't Swaddlers available for a 10# newborn. Skip ahead 8 years to the present and I impressed with the fact that I can purchase Swaddlers for up to a 14# baby! Very nice. I love the snug fit and absorbability. Keeping my 4th child dry is key as she is so prone to rashes. Thank you pampers!. I wish though, that the diapers had a different textured absorbing surface. It wipes and absorbs any anti rash cream right off my baby's bum which needs to be there as she is so prone to rashes. Other than that yay Pampers Swaddlers.
I really liked the Swaddlers. The color-changing strip was a new feature for us (it was not on the diapers for my first child). I really liked this as it is a quick way to know if the diaper is wet.
Very soft and fits good. Stays dry even overnight.
We really like using Swaddlers. The diapers are very soft, absorbent, and the wetness indicator is helpful.

We've only experienced leaks a few times (i.e., when my son was sleeping on his side, he would leak right out of the diaper and wake up soaking wet - needing a complete change of clothes). We had to diaper him more snugly before naps/bedtime which usually helped.

Overall we really like these diapers.
I'm a pampers mom and for my 3 month old these are great! They hug just right and get my little girl through the night:)
Although at times, pampers diapers may seem to be a bit pricey, I believe it is worth it at the end of each diaper change. I love how it fits my babies bottom and how her bottom stays dry even though her diaper may be soaked. This is a great product, no wonder why they have this at the hospitals after you give birth for newborns.
We have only ever tried Swaddlers, but they work great for our 7 week old son. The only time he has ever "blown out" a diaper was when he pooped while in a weird position. Other than that, no problems, even while sleeping through the night (8 hours). My only issue is that sometimes the mesh lining sticks to his skin easily and we have to peel it off. I would definitely continue to use them and will pay more for these, versus a generic brand.
I have tried several brands and nothing beats Pampers Swaddlers. The indicator is quite helpful especially for people that are watching my son and do not know for sure if he needs to be changed yet.
Love these diapers. This is what they used in the hospital we were at and I made sure to get a few packs from the store for when we got home. Love the Line that tells you the diaper is wet, makes knowing if night time changes are needed much easier.
Pampers is a great brand, I tried these and loved them but due to the price went with the baby dry's. I haven't seen a difference in either products more price then anything else. I do however like how they change color when they are wet.
My favorite diaper for my baby! It keeps her dry during the night so we don't wake up to any surprises. Love it.
Value for Money ! .....................................................................
Pampers diapers are great for us. They are absorbent yet thin. That is a great combination for a chubby little one. Our grandson is built like a football player so it is always a challenge in finding clothes that fit and still have plenty of room for the diaper. Pampers does the trick as it leaves all the room for him. Even so pampers is still absorbent enough that we rarely have any leakage. The only time we have issues is when he is not fitting into the size for his weight. One size is too big while the other need little more room for this little one Clive twisting and turning and climbing. He is not built like babies typical for his age .
I was always recommended Huggies but after using Pampers Swaddlers we always choose Pampers. They fit very well and it is quick and easy to tell when my daughter is wet. We have yet to have the diapers leak and will continue to purchase Pampers.
I like Pampers Swaddlers because they fit and absorb better than other brands. The only improvement could be that the seal a little better around the legs, because I've had some issues with leakage there. However, they are much better at absorbing and fitting correctly than any other brand I've tried, so I'd definitely recommend!
We have tried a lot of diapers, these are our favorite. Hardly ever leak or blow-out.
I got a 40-count package as a gift. It was better then other brand, but still not sensitive enough for a newborn. We switched back to Pampers sensitive.
the first diapers i ever used were swaddlers for premature babys becuse my son was small as he grew i found out all diapers were not the same he would get horrid diaper rashes from most brands but not from pampers their a baby butt saver
I love the swaddler diapers and so does my baby! Keeps him dry throughout the night!
I'm glad these are the diapers the hospital gives you to try. We stuck with them and it has worked great for our family as we have a new baby.
We have used pampers wipes and diapers with our two children and love the product we highly recommend all pamper products
I have been using Pampers Swaddlers since my baby came home from the hospital. I tried other diapers and was not impressed. As my little one has grown, I've noticed he frequently has BMs that come outside of the pampers, but I'm not necessarily convinced this is the pamper's fault. Overall, I love this product and will continue to use it.
I found Pampers Baby Dry and Huggies Snugglers to be much better for my little boy. The swaddlers always leaked!
I like the diapers but they don't work very well for my boy. They worked great for my girl but seem to leak for him. I think they are a very nice quality and comfy but I prefer my target brand diapers since I've never had a leak with them. You are way ahead of huggies with these though.
these diapers are awesome! they work super well and are very absorbant.
Highly recommend this product. My kids always has an eczema this product keep them moist .
The pampers swaddler have good absorbent material for my newborn baby. The pampers seem comfortable and are very soft material for my little bundle of joy. I really like the fact that the pampers have a line on them which turns blue when wet that really helps a lot.
Love that my baby is dry all night long. No getting up in the middle of the night.
I like the Sesame Street charachters on the diapers. Theyfit my baby great and almost never leak.
These diapers were great especially the Liner that helped pull the moisture away from my baby.
I like pamper swadler because of the soft material and wetness indicator. The size is bigger than Huggies and my bb feel more comfortable.
The swaddlers seem to be pretty good diapers. The fit is pretty good but when your child is between sizes it can be a pain. Overall, pretty good!
I used these diapers when my little one was born. The umbilical cut-out really helps. My little one was not a heavy wetter at the time so these diapers were sufficient. I was able to find great coupons (and you still can) with the Swaddlers diapers. I'd recommend them over any other brand any day.
I would definitely recommend this diaper to any new moms. It keeps our son dry (even over night), however things tend to leak out the back, at the top. I wouldn't mind if this diaper was improved to have an elastic waist, or something to make it a little more snug back there.
I loved using these diapers on my newborn. They're soft and the wetness indicator helped my husband to know when the baby needed changing. The cutout for the umbilical cord is a nice idea. These are a great diaper to use when you have a precious little one to worry about.
These diapers are pretty good. I usually buy them because of the price per diaper seems fair.
For almost 2 years now I have only bought pampers!
I have been using Swaddlers since my baby was born. Great diapers in my opinion.
We have used pampers since my daughter was born. We tried other brands, they simply made a mess. We are now using pampers "pull ups."
Pampers are a good fit and rarely leak. The wet indicator line is really helpful. Also, the material on the diapers with the indicator line is softer than the size 1 without.
I prefer pampers to other diapers at the moment my son is using pampers easy ups but was using the swaddlers before that both are great we ran out and had to get the store brand easy ups last week until my pampers shipment came hopefully never have to do that again the store brand leaks a ton even the smallest amount of wet leaks out
At birth I sampled with Pampers and Huggies.
But eventually decided on Pampers. My son is 6 months now and continues to be comfortable and dry in Pampers Swaddlers
These are the only diapers my 5 month old son has worn. We tried one NB Huggies when we ran out of swaddlers. It leaked and made a big mess. We haven't tried any other diapers since!
We've been using pampers since he was born. So far no diaper rash or irritation.
These were my favorite diapers when my little one was tiny. I know they have recently added larger sizes but he goes through so many diapers now I can't afford to keep him in swaddlers but I loves them when I could.
Worth the price...no blowout and i love the wetness indicator.
Great for little ones! I love that stripe that measures urine amount!
It wasn't until we started using Pampers baby dry diapers at night that our baby started sleeping through the night. They are very absorbent and have never leak, unlike other brands we have tried.
I really like how pampers fit my little one. I can rely on these diapers to keep my child dry through the entire night. No leaks
We used these when my son was a newborn and they work great, and soft to the touch. I loved that they absorbed well, but the range was hard for us to figure out as he grew, but definitely recommend to all parents.
These diapers are by far my favorite for our son. They fit great and absorb well with no leaks. When he was a newborn, as new parents, the wetness indicator was very helpful! My only complaint is that now that he is in size 4 the amount of diapers you recive in a package for the cost, we do not use this product anymore due to this.
I have used Pampers diapers and sensitive wipes for both of my children. I am extremely happy with the dependability in regards to wetness. Love the blue line indicator!
always use swaddlers, keeps my daughter dry and never has a diaper rash. love them.
Received these as a baby shower gift. Easy to use, kept our baby dry, and slim design fit well into newborn and smaller size clothes.
Love the wet-indicator strip and seems real comfortable on my baby. But doesn't hold as much compared to Pamper's Baby Dry.
Definitely a good choice to use as your overnight diapers.
Have used these since the hospital. They are great but a little pricey.
Pampers swaddlers diapers are the best! No leaks and they are the softest diaper ever!
The best diaper we have found for preventing diaper rashes.
The Pampers brand is a very dependable and affordable. I only wish I used Pampers with my first child. I would have saved a lot of money!!!
I was given a pack for our newborn and found them to work well enough. The designs were cute, the fit and absorbency were good and there were no skin reactions to the diapers.
There were issues with blow-outs, but we've seen that with our little one in every kind of diaper we put on her!
Of all the brands I've tried, these are the best name brand out there.
I have used all the diaper brands that I could think of but found that pampers was the best fit for me. It has been all that I have used since my baby has been born except for those few trial times.
Both of my girls sleep over 12hrs at night straight. We've never had an issue with leaking. They absorb so much that the blue line disappears from stretching.
The wetness indicator helps to quickly and easily identify when our lil girl needs a new diaper. The diapers are soft and absorbent.
Im very satisfied with this product... Im happy...
Pampers Swaddlers keeps my baby dry, and in turn keeps me dry!
We loved the Swaddlers when are son was a baby. He wore them in the hospital, and we continued to buy them after we brought him home. The fit is very good for a small baby.
Pampers Swaddlers have been the best option for my little one! He is crawling and climbing non-stop and they still keep him dry!
Love the diapers and wipes they go a great job and the wipes smell great.
These are the diapers we use all of the time. They fit well and absorb great. I also like that it has a wetness indicator. Sometimes the mesh lining sticks to my baby girls bottom, but it hasn't been a big problem.
Having 3 boys I've tried every known diaper brand on the market from the most expensive to the cheapest brands. Nothing is comparable to the pampers diapers and wipes!!! My children have very sensitive skin including eczema and any other brand has made their skin break out in rashes and left their bottoms wet and leaked out of their diapers. With pampers I don't have this problem!! And because the pampers wipes are so soft I actually use them to take my makeup off, works just as good if not better then any makeup remover wipes out there! Now that I'm pregnant with #4 I'm not even attempting to try another brand because it would be an utter waste of my money!! Thank you Pampers for creating such an amazing product!! I've been using pampers for 9 yrs and will continue on!!
I have been using Pampers products for the past couple of years with both my daughter and my son. I also plan on using them with my third baby coming in January. Norther of my children have ever had a diaper rash and they never seem uncomfortable while wearing a diaper. Swaddlers specifically are very soft and I love the colored strip to indicate wetness. Both of my kids are very active so I have switched them to Cruisers, but Swaddlers will be back on my grocery list next year. There is definitely a reason my hospital uses Pampers Swaddlers for all of their new born babies.
Started with pampers at the hospital and baby is 4 months and still using them.
These diapers were great for a newborn with the umbilical cutout. Once my baby started eating more we had lots of leakage problems.
I've been buying pampers swaddlers since I had my son and I don't have a single complaint. Keeps him dry throughout the night and fits him perfectly.
When I become a mom for the first time, I was a little overwhelmed at the immense responsibility that came with our tiny little bundle of joy. I particularly had no idea how often those newborns needed to changed! The wetness indicator on Pampers Swaddlers diapers made my job as new mom a little bit easier - no guessing as to when baby needs to be changed, no wasted diapers, and peace of mind knowing that I was keeping my baby as comfortable as possible. Now that I'm pregnant with baby #2, the Swaddlers are going on the registry again!
My baby use Pamper Swaddler, it's a really good diaper, soft and with a really good absorvency.
I have used swaddlers in sizes n-3 and have found them to be great at keeping baby dry and I love the wetness indicator. I've used them on 2 of my breastfed babies and have not had any leakage problems that tend to happen with other brands. LOVE swaddlers!!!
My son is now 4 months and we have been using swaddle since he was born. No leaks, no blowouts! Great values! We have tried other brands, due to being gifts, they just don't compare to the swaddlers!
Great product to keep baby dry and comfortable. Love the color changing wetness indicator!
I loved the line for letting you know when they are wet or not. This is especially helpful when they are little and you are changing them frequently.
Good diapers. Great fit no blowouts. But our kid is getting big and his thighs don't fit.
The added features I really like about this diaper are the powdery baby smell and the wetness indicator line. I find the diaper to be very absorbent and can hold a night's worth of wetness. However, I have experienced blow-outs so that leads me to believe there could be a fit issue.
Never had a problem with any of these diapers and I believe they are the best!
These diapers fit my son perfectly and keep him the driest.
I will only by pampers swaddlers!
LOVE THE PRODUCT. HAVE USED ON BABY BOY AND BABY GIRL. WOULD RECOMMEND.
We've been using Pampers Swaddlers for about 3 months now and have been very pleased. Great value and absorbency. Fit is good as well although we find he tends to go up his back with a heavy diaper.
They are very nice diapers and the netting inside is a nice feature, but they are a bit more expensive than others. I also wish they had a stretchy waistband for a better fit.
Would highly recommend these for anyone to use.
New mothers need not worry about using these for their babies.
My wife and I tried a few different brands, but we found pampers to keep our child the driest. Since he was about 2 weeks old we have not switched or tried anything different because this works for us. Yes they may be a little more expensive, but the hold a lot more bodily fluids than the other brands. We have been happy with the product
I absolutely Love Pampers never had a problem with my son going through, they absorb well, they also fit well. We have tired many different types of diapers but he has always went through I would recommend pampers to anyone.
If the diaper is onfor longer than 3 hours on my 3 month old the urine leaks out.
These are so soft yet really obsorbant. I didn't think that these diapers would keep her so dry. They are thin and just amazing! Pampers never fail me.
These diapers are basically great.daughter had no complaints and they are durable.
great quality diaper. dont get leaky. great for baby to sleep overnite in
I let my first baby use the pampers and huggies. Overall pampers is better but the price is much higher than other brands.
We love the fit and feel of the Swaddlers! There's not a lot of extra diaper just hanging around.
I love these hands down. They fit well and last through the night! Great bang for your buck!
The blue line literally makes them fool proof! It let's you know when your baby needs to be changed helping you to make sure they are always dry. Plus the even when the diaper is full, the absorbency is so great your baby won't even realize it needs to be changed!
Wonderful product for new moms! These were given to us at the hospital and we have been using them ever since.
The swaddled is amazing for a new mom, especially when he was a newborn.
They are terrific diapers. No leaks, no blow outs, no mess!
Very happy with the product and fit much better than the competitor brands
My baby has had nothing but pampers since he was born he hates any other brand and so do i. Wouldnt change brands for a million bucks
These proved the best fit for our skinny baby boy. Other diapers were too big around the legs but these fit well. The only problem I've encountered is when my son is laying on his side nursing he sometimes pees out of the top of the diaper... However, I believe that's just one of the joys of little boys!
Fits well and moves with baby. Will sometimes leak overnight, but that's usually when baby has had a drink before bed. Otherwise, a great diaper. It's all we buy.
I love the way these diapers fit and could always trust these diapers to last all night without leaking. I wish they were more environmental friendly.
Fit great and kept baby dry and happy! Recommended!
I really liked swaddlers sensitive for my new born but when they start crawling, running etc the chances of leak increased (specially with the stool) even though we tried bigger size and more frequent change. Best thing is it does not cause diaper rash as compared to others and is soft.
I have been using pampers since day one love them. If I have had any problems I contact them and they help me out. The baby doesn't have a reaction to then the fit great. Don't leack. All in all I love my pampers!
Pampers are the only brand I will use they are good at keeping my baby dry at night :).
Swaddlers are good quality for the money but their absorbency is less. My baby likes the way they fit, easy to put on and the wetness indicator really helps!
I've used pampers swaddlers diapers on my daughter since she was born. I love the wetness indicator, it takes so much of the guess work out of changes. I plan to continue to use pampers diapers on her until she's potty trained.
I am using the Swadlers type with my first baby. I am very happy that the diapers absorbancy is very powerful. You can actually see the diaper bulging in front when filled with urine. These are the best diapers to prevent diaper rash! So far I have had four accidents/ leaking with the past six weeks. I am not sure if the diaper leaks out the side cause its my fault with placement or the diaper quality. The baby ended up soaking the bed two times. I also use the pampers sensitive wipes. They are the best wipes out on the market today!!
My baby girl has sensitive skin and did really well with Swaddlers. I love the wetness indicator. What's next, a number 1 vs number 2 indicator? LOL. That'd be great :)
The se diapers have great absorvency with its technology my baby does not have leaks
I really enjoyed using my first box of Pampers. I have always used Huggies and Pampers has proved to be just as good if not better. I like how the diaper has like breathing holes and the line that changes colors when soiled, very helpful.
The flexible fabric makes this diaper a great fit for your growing baby.
We used swaddlers till size 4, then switched to pull ups. These diapers never let us down unlike others that we bought at times thinking they were a discount. Vacations, long car rides, overnight, crawling, Pampers swaddlers was there for our baby
Great brand always my first choice of pampers, the absorbency is the best.
Absolutely love how my baby stays dry in these and if he's wet there are gel crystals that bulk up so I don't have to undress him to see if he's wet or not
With three great grandchildren, we have gone through a lot of Pampers, and they are still our diaper of choice.
The color-changing wetness indicator and the softness of Pampers Swaddlers are great!
I'm not sure if my son just pees a lot or if the diapers aren't soaking it up enough but I'm having major issues with the diapers leaking. He is also in between a newborn and size 1, the size 1s are WAY too big for him but the newborns are too small.... Not sure why there is such a big difference in size!!
I love the wetness indicator because with other brands that dont have tha indicator if its not really wet I miss changes and that causes my lo rash. So I constantly have to check by touching the inside of the diapers.
The fit is always great for my lo.
The absorbency isn't the greatest but it gets by... I never have any leaks.
I love pampers swaddlers and will continue using them just as I have these last 4 months. :)
Love the indicator!!!
Stays dry but gets puffy & will leak at night after 4 hours on.
Favorite pamper diapers!!!
This is the only brand I would buy for my little one.
I absolutely love how they fit my little one! I can rest assured that nothing will leak out. I highly recommend this product.
While I like the line that changes colors when wet, they do not hold much and the inside of the diapers sticks to my daughters bottom when take it off of her. Not good for nighttime.
These are the diapers that we use most and requested for our 2nd child.
I think these diapers are great for all babies during the day when diaper changes happen more frequently. I would not recommend them for night time use for babies who are able to sleep for longer stretches. My LO is sleeping about 6-7 hours, but the diaper ends up leaking out the back.
The swaddlers were great for my 5lbs baby ! She could wear the premie size or newborn in the swaddlers used both great diapers.
These diapers have been working great for us. She has only had like 2 blowouts, and it wasn't the diapers fault :) very impressed with how much liquid they can hold!
I love the swaddled seven though they cost a little more than the regular diapers. It is perfect for newborn babies that you aren't used to their discharge.
Pampers keep my baby dry and fit so well. I would recommend them.
I actually really love pampers wipes. My daughter has sensitive skin and the sensitive wipes are wonderful for her.
As a first time Mom finding Pampers Swaddlers was a miracle. My newborn son leaked through the other leading brands every night. Once I found Swaddlers he woke up dry and happy every morning.
These diapers have never leaked. My baby wakes up dry and happy.
I used these pampers on my little one, and they were great compared to other brands. I like the the cut out and wetness indicator as well as the fit. I also like the fact that they don't leak.
I've tried other brands, and even other Pampers products, but swaddlers are my favorite diapers so far. They're soft and I don't recall us having any leaks or blowouts.
Nice fit, not many leaks & very soft. Cute designs & I love the wetness indicator . I've tried store brands that don't even come close. I was stuck on Huggies with my first baby but now I'm very impressed with pampers
Love the diapers, but both the swaddlers & baby dry don't last all night. I have to change my daughter throughout the night or she will soak through her diaper. However, great fit & is perfect for the day time.
I would highly recommend Pampers diapers to all new Mom & Dad's. Pampers fit nice and keep your babies dry and comfortable. They are also great for babies with sensitive skin.
I love the swaddles because it has the wetness indicator. It takes out the guessing from do I need to change my baby or not! Great for first time parents when everything is so new and you are sleep deprived! Love the product.
We love swaddlers! The softness is perfect for our little one who has sensitive skin, and the fit is perfect with no gapping.
I'm a big fan of Swaddlers; however, the mesh inside would give my newborn diaper rash. Once she was in size 1, though, that went away. The coverage is the best as is the quality.
My son is 2 and wears pampers swaddlers diapers only. He has sensitive skin and these are the only diapers that don't give him a rash. He sleeps 10-12 hours each night and when he wakes up in the morning there is NEVER any leaks!! It's awesome!!
Have had great luck with these diapers and my sons. Great a
Absorbency! Minimal explosive diapers, so they
Must be a good fit!
Countless diapers have left me with messes to clean up from not fitting my baby very well. Pampers have always kept the mess in the diaper which is greatly appreciated. They fit my baby perfectly.
I was given several boxes of pampers swaddler diapers for my dear son. I was very pleased with the diapers. My son did leak through the diapers as he got older but only over night. I was one of the lucky ones with a son who started sleeping through the night at 8 weeks! As a newborn though, I loved these diapers! They fit wonderfully!
Overall the best diaper available. They cost a little more then other competitor brands but are worth the money.
I am all about function. I feel that pampers are great for my son.
Pampers are great for newborn but i wish they higged around theyre back.
I only use pampers swaddlers or baby dry. As my baby gets bigger I like how baby dry fits better. I especially love the 12 hr protection
The only issue is that sometimes poo comes out of the back of the diaper. I try to secure it and pull it up. But maybe it is unavoidable to happen occassionally
Great. Our baby has had no diaper rash so far, so we wouldn't switch!
These diapers are th most leak resistant and fit well. They are softer than other brands and don't irritate my baby's skin.
As an infant/toddler teacher for the past 10 years, I have seen many brands of diapers used on countless babies. Pampers have always been a coveted choice for me, especially when a child comes in and I do not know how long they have been in the diaper. So it was an obvious choice when it came to what brand to use on my own son.
Super absorbent diapers! They really do keep my son dry. They fit great too, just not as cheap as some brands.
When my older two were babies ( now 9 and 7 1/2) I always used pampers- others gave them rashes. With my third child I automatically began using pampers on her sensitive skin. I wouldn't use anything else!
I have 3 kids and we have done the best diapers which weren't all that great, they still leaked. Tried the cheap diapers and that was a huge mistake. We are now stuck on Pampered baby dry because we love the way it keeps my daughter dry through out the whole night. And she's a little monster so we never have had a problem with a Pamper falling off of her when she runs around. I had that problem with my sons and we used other products.
A little bit more expensive than regular Pampers diapers. Really good for newborns and infants. No leak with my sons. Good product.
I loved it when my son was in Pampers Swaddlers, but as he got older, the price difference between them and any other package of diapers in the same size was too great to be ignored. But for newborns, I prefer Swaddlers over any other brand.
It only one diapers that I will be keeping to use it!
We really like the blue line wetness indicator. As new parents, we weren't sure how often our daughter needed changing. The blue line helped a lot. I also like that I can order the diapers online and have them delivered to my door. We've only had a couple of leaks. But those were because the diaper had shifted or because it got too full.
I like my Pampers Swaddlers in Size 2. They keep my son dry and do not leak. We have had a few scary dirty diapers, but nothing got passed the elastic in the legs. I do wish these diapers had some elastic around the top because my little boy wiggles a lot, so the diaper shifts.
I used Pampers Swaddlers when I had my baby. I thought that it worked very well. Now that my baby is a toddler. I have continued to use Pampers products because it is my opinion that they work very well.
I usually use Pampers Sensitive but tried these instead. They work great but Sensitive ones are gentler on skin.
I love the fact that pampers diapers are soft material. Other brands feel more like plastic. My baby's skin is very sensitive and these work great for her.
Swaddlers were great for when my baby was a newborn. They were soft, fit him well but they did not last for the duration of a 4 hours sleep for him. Swaddlers were good for both my girls, but my son wet through them.
Pampers are very comfortable on my baby but she grows out of them before reaching the maximum weight limit on a diaper. They also don't seem to hold up well throughout the night, when I can't change her every few hours.
While Pampers are my go-to diaper; I still have found that overnight diapers have been leaking. It's almost they just can't quite handle a long night... however, they are always a great fit and not too bulky for my LO.
I'm a first time mother and I only buy pampers. I've had no problems with leaks and they absorb wetness the best! I also love the my points system. A nice way to feel like your getting some money back.
Overall, I have loved these diapers. They are incredibly absorbent and the netting inside actually makes clean up much easier. My one difficulty has been that once baby starts sitting up and moving, the lack of elastic fit in the waistband causes for more blowouts. But for the first couple months, these are my go to diapers
Pampers are great they are the only ones I use, nothing else like them
I usually choose eco-friendly diapers, but if I am in a pinch I will choose Pampers as my brand of choice. They fit nicely (a little on the snug side which helps prevent leaks) and are light and breathable. I also love the wetness detector and umbilical cord cutout for newborns! This is a lifesaver in the beginning!
These diapers worked great for my son as an infant. I switched to cruisers once he started trying to walk.
We've been using them since he came home from the hospital, our preferred daytime diaper.
Good fit, stays dry for hours. I like the Disney prints on the diapers too.
Very good diapers! The overall fit is good and we loved the strip that changes color when wet!! Also these diapers feel great...no scratchy just soft!
I started researching diaper brands when I was pregnant. I asked everyone I knew about diaper brands. Time and time again I was told Pampers was the brand to use. We received other brands at our shower and after trying them, we were firm in our decision to stay with Pampers.
We have never had a urine leak (knock on wood) and I like the blue indicator line. They keep my baby dry and the cute decorative fronts help a tired new mom and dad get the diaper on correctly during night time changes. This is something Huggies does not do. I can't tell you how many times we had a baby wake up in the morning with a diaper leak because I put the other brand diaper on back wards. We love our Pampers!
My baby is 15 months now and the size 3 diapers still fit him,nice product!
Love Pampers diapers! My son stays dry throughout the night.
Every once in a while she explodes, but usually these diapers work well.
We loved pampers swaddlers for our newborn. As first time parents the wetness indicator made it very easy to deteine when a diaper change was needed, and the fit was great.
These diapers were great for our daughter. She was in Swaddlers until she got size 4 and was walking. I plan using Swaddlers for our next daughter, due any day now.
I have a 18 month old boy and he always is wet in the morning. Him , his bed , his clothes. He loves to sleep on his tummy but then he's all wet wish that could be different.
The pampers fit her well and keep her feeling dry for long periods of time.
I just love pampers the baby dry are alright but the swaddlers are better they fit better but there's not as many in the swaddlers as there is in the baby dry and there about the same price witch is stupid but there good I put them on my kid
Only diaper my oldest son could use. Still use as well for my youngest. We Love Pampers
Pampers have changed since having my first 4.5 years ago. They are much more absorbent and I am glad they finally have the umbilical cord cut out. I love how soft they are.
Pampers baby dry is a wonderful product. It works best at night and my son stays dry.
Love pampers only diapers we use they fit comfortably and keep my baby dry. Dryness tends to last longer as well. We use pampers swaddlers during the day. They fit my baby comfortably!
I love these diapers. They are the only ones that dont leak all the time!
I love pampers. It's the best brand of diapers ever. The swaddlers fit so perfectly, you couldn't ask for a better fit.
I love all papers products for my little guys! They are great!
I have 3 children and one on the way. I have tried several brands from store brand to name brand, and I go back to Pampers every time. They've only technically leaked when my babies would have a blow out of number 2 and it would go up their backs a little bit. But I also found that has happened even with other brands that have the elastic in the back. Overall, this is my favorite diaper. I love the feel of the softness against my newborns skin, they don't open to where the little bead type things get all over the babies bottom like most other diapers, and they don't let off any bad odors from urine wetness like other brands do.
I have a 22 month old son fits great,absorbes better than other brands,will buy agin.
Never have leakage problems and very comfortable for my little one! A bit more $ but worth it.
The swaddler diapers are great for newborns. My twins were comfortable in them. Kept them dry. Wetness blue indicator line is great.
These diapers are the ones we got in the hospital and ever since, me and my wife have been using Pampers brand. We have tried other brands but they just do not cut it. Our son is a year now and we have a girl on the way. We will keep using Pampers brand.
My daughter is 7 weeks now and she loves pampers swaddlers and sensitive one as well.
I love pampers. They absorbed liquids better than another brand I received at my babyshower. The wetness indicator is awesome especially for newborns.
My daughter is 9 months old and I've used these diapers since day 1! Love Pamper's and recommend them over any other brand!
I used Pampers Swaddlers diapers for the first few months of my son and they had the smooth lining inside perfect for the newborn baby's delicate skin. It also has the indicator when the diaper was full which was a great helper for the first time mom. The notch for the imblical cord was a great convenience, too ,for the first month.
I have tried all the brands and styles of diapers. Pampers is the only brand i purchase now. Mother of 2 and thousands of diapers later, trust me pampers is the only way to go.
We used swaddlers for both our daughters. They were both small babies and the fit just right.
We love these diapers, great quality and price. Only diaper my child can wear.
Swaddlers were great when my child was a new born. Now, she is 2 and if we use them, she smells like urine.
We liked these diapers, even though the fit wasn't so great for our lean baby.
The wetness indicator was an excellent feature especially for younger infants. A little pricey but worth the few extra dollars.
I have tried several different brands of diapers and always find myself coming back to Pampers because of their fit!
These are good quality diapers. My husband loves the wetness indicator.
I prefer how Pampers Swaddlers go farther up my baby's back to prevent any accidents. Other diapers stop at the top of the butt.
I like Pampers and think they are the best diaper. Absorption is good and my daughter can sleep true the night without being wet. The sizing for us is not correct but our girl is tall. She is 8 months and 30 inches (76 cm) and 20.9 lbs (9.5 kg).
I would definitely recommend this diaper to everybody!
These diapers were a total life saver When we welcomed our first child in August, 2013. In the hospital the diapers used were also pampers, but swaddlers. Our son had a very slender build When born and the swaddlers just wouldnt stay up on him no matter how tight we pulled the tabs.Once we got home with our son we tried huggies little snugglers, no luck with those either as our sons legs were very small at the top and the leg openings were just too big for our sons legs. We went on to try target brand diapers, meijers brand, etc. Then we finally came across pampers sensitive diapers! The fit was snug, it didn't fall down, and it didn't leak! The diapers are soft, snug, and I loved the umbilical cord cut out! We've been loyal users of pampers senstive diapers until just recently when my now, eight month old chubby son needed a diaper that wasn't so snug. We switched over to pampers baby dry now, and we couldn't be happier with our choice in that product either. We will continue to be loyal pampers uses.
Pampers keep my daughter from waking up through the night. They hold a lot more than any other brand I've tried and the swaddlers are soft to the touch. I love the line color change that indicates wetness for my husband to know when to change! Lol!
I love these diapers. I breastfeed & they hardly ever leak, the complaint I have is that I have to go up a size before me baby reaches the maximum weight, or we will have major blowouts.
I love the new pampers they are so great i love the strip that lets you know they are wet
i would recommend pampers. i use them for my newborn everyday
I love the swaddlers diapers. The color change indicator is great. I haven't had any problems with leaking through these diapers.
Hospital used so we bought them for our newborn too. They work great but my wife prefer other brand name since it turns to gel-like after wetness leaving diaper completely dry. But Pampers work great, too...maybe just personal preference.
The quality of Pampers diapers is great, but you will pay for the brand. Try to use coupons to help your family afford this brand.
I love Pampers Swaddlers. It's a great product for a great price. I have used Pampers for all 4 of my children; ages 4 months through 18 years.
We cloth diapered my son when he was first born, but once I went back to work, the daycare would not allow cloth diapering. So I went with what I felt is the best alternative - Pampers Swaddlers. Now, I'm even more happy with the product since they expanded the product line to sizes 4 and 5. Now I know we will be able to stay in the Swaddlers until my son is potty-trained. I think the downside is the Swaddlers are more expensive than the Baby-Dry or Cruisers are.
We have always used pampers for our three kids and I especially love the wetness strip of the swaddlers. I was bummed that they were for size 1 and 2 only, but excited now that they have made them to size 5. They are a lot softer than other diapers. Only the best for my baby!!
I love these diapers. They wick the moisture and poo away from the skin immediately and are so soft. I only wish the leg openings were a little larger for chubby thighs!
We love the pampers swaddlers in our house! They have provided great comfort for our baby girl and seem to fit extremely well. It is a great quality for our little one.
They are consistently reliable. Only leaks occasionally, which probably can't be prevented when infants have big blow-outs no matter what diaper they wear.
These diapers are good, but I like the dry, 12 hour protection type better.
Love the brand my kids are always dry no leaks thats a plus
Good product, we get a box shipped every month. We have for our first and now with our second child.
The only reason I give it 4 stars is because if your baby isn't quite 14lbs (the top weight of the size 1's) the size 1 diapers don't quite fit so that the baby doesn't leak out the sides of the diapers when they urinate (at least if you have a boy). Love the wetness indicator on the swaddlers! Otherwise we wont be using any other diapers or wipes.
I really like the tabs on pampers diapers. The swaddlers work great, and I've never had a problem with leakage. The only thing I would change with the design would be to add elastic on the back for a better fit. I am not thrilled either that they lowered the amount of diapers per package but kept the same price.
These diapers are very absorbent. My son pees A LOT and these diapers really hold up well with no leaking.
We used Pampers Swaddlers in the early months when baby's skin is extra sensitive. The diapers are a little thinner and less absorbent than others which is fine when you're changing a newborn's diapers so frequently but not ideal beyond the first three months.
I enjoy using pampers on my baby. They smell like baby powder even when dirty. The wet color changing strip is very helpful! I would recommend pampers to other moms out there.
We put these on my baby at night and she sleeps so much better. Occasionally she'll wet enough that her clothes are wet but that's when she's slept for 10+ hours.

Her skin is wet when we change her but I wipe her off and let her dry for a bit before I put a new diaper on. We haven't had any rash problems using these either.
I love the swaddlers diapers and so excited it comes on size 4. I just hate to pay such a high price and get less diapers as my babies get bigger.
My one year old daughter runs around and has a perfect fit for the size three pampers! They fit just right, and never leak which is a plus!!
Pampers are and excellent product. I would recommend these diapers over any other brand.
Good for my babie good for me! Good product and easy for used
My son is just about to be all finished with diapers and we have used pampers swaddlers since day 1. They are by far the softest diaper on the market and hold wetness very well. We've also found that the "baby dry" line works even better than all the overnight diapers on the market and much less expensive. My only criticism is that for a newborn when it is more runny, I like how huggies have that elastic in the back to prevent "up the back" explosions. But the softness of the material is still better than those other hard & stuff diapers
Overall they are my favorite diapers. When my newborn was a week old the umbilical cord notch was not good enough. I had to fold down the diapers until it fell off. Since that point these diapers fit better than any other on the market. They leak the least out of every diaper I have tried.
These diapers fit great, I find that the wetness indicator was a lifesaver!!
Love the way they fit and the blue line. But not for long naps. Gets a little damp on the outside
I'm extremely happy to use pampers swaddlers diapers for my baby girl right from her birth, she's 10 months old and very mobile, the diapers are a perfect fit even when she's moving all around.
My son was in pamper swaddlers when he was in hospital. So I brought the same when came home. So far i had no complain with it. If was very easy to change diaper due to wetness indicator. Never had a leak. I was worried about rashes at first but I am glad that pamper never gave any kind of rashes to my son's sensitive skin.
These diapers absorb excellent. I love how they have the line that changes color to indicate when the diaper is dirty. I think the only thing is the diapers should be a little wider and have a great smell like luvs, but nothing to irritate the skin. Pampers are a great product.
These diapers are by far the best ever. I would recommend them to anyone.
I've used pampers for 3 children and 2 are still in them. Swaddlers were great for newborns because of the softness and the wetness indicator. It was easy to track wet diapers which is important at the beginning especially for Breastfeeding mothers.
We've been using pampers swaddlers since they put my little one in them at the hospital. He's over the weight recommended for size 1's now but he has yet to leak through them while we're trying to finish this pack up and move to size 2's. He can go hours through the night without a leak or getting fussy. Good job pampers!
I have tried other diapers but pampers swaddlers have been the best for us hands down!
these diapers work really well and are very convenient, the color changing indicator makes it a no brainer for a first time dad
awesome product good fit. Will definitely recommend
I used Pampers Swaddlers for my baby from birth through 3 months. I only switched when I discovered the Pampers Baby Dry diapers. These diapers are very absorbent and kept him dry, minimizing diaper rash. My son has huge thighs, making the fit hard to hold his big poops. He had a blowout most days from the top of the back of the diapers. I still liked them over other brands.
I am so glad that Pampers now has Swaddlers in size 5. They fit my daughter very well. I do wish that they also made them in a size 5 in sensitive as well.
These diapers are a bit pricey but they don't leak at all.
This is the only brand of diapers we will buy. The quality, absorbency, and dryness compares to no other brand.
Kept wetness away from baby. Would definitely buy this particular brand again.
The diapers overall are great. The new and improved diapers tend to be a bit saggy making the diaper look full when they are dry.
Swaddlers were perfect for our newborn. So soft and great fit! No leaks
I always buy Pampers. I love that they don't leak.
Our son is 6 months and in size 1 still, we love using the the swaddlers as it tells us when is he wet with the blue line. We tried a few others in the beigining and these were by far the best dipers for our son!
I love to use all Pampers products, highly recommended to my friends and family!
The waistband area needs to have a better/ more snug fit. Add elastic??
I like Papers and think they work well, but I can't justify the price when another brand works well and are usually at least two dollars less a pack. That may not seem like much, but when you live on a budget every penny counts. I only buy Papers when the stores happens to be out of stock of the diapers I usually buy.
Won't use any other diaper. Pampers surpasses the quality of all other diapers.
We tried different brands, and for our newborn, Pampers Swaddlers diapers definitely were the choice for us. Our son is on the smaller side and not really chunky. We found that Swaddlers fit him the best. Very few leaks or blowouts with how well they fit him. I recommend this product and will be using again with future child(ren). We used Swaddlers until he began to really crawl and move.
Pampers Swaddlers is our favorite diaper. It has excellent absorbency. Our little one is always dry with minimal blowouts. Definitely recommend!
I like how Swaddlers have the yellow line that changes color when the diaper gets wet. Perfect for first time moms. Now my oldest is 17 months and with a 3 month old it takes the worry out of keeping up with changing them. I use them during the day and use Baby Dry diapers for night time. They do hold a lot, but I find that the Baby Dry holds more for nighttime. They are bigger than Huggies Snugglers diapers which is a plus. When you are a first time mom you buy lots of brands to see which is a better fit for your baby. I have settled on the Swaddlers as my choice for daytime. Only problem I have ever had is a box of 3's that the tabs kept pulling off. Luckily I had duct tape. I think overall they are worth the price.
My child is now 1 year old. I am using pamper diapers for him from that time. My hospital gave me pamper sensitive and my baby wore that one first. So it's like some emotional touch with it too. It's very comfortable, soft and it's aroma very amazing. It's shock more compare to other and stay dry for while. I think for my baby it's perfect.....
I haven't used a pampers product I didn't like. The diapers are a good fit and work great.
I am so happy swaddlers now go to size 5! Love the feel they are so soft!
I started my daughter on only pampers sensitive brand products. Then one day we used pampers swaddles and loved them just the same. My daughter is now four months and has never had a diaper rash or any irritation thanks to Pampers. These diapers have held up the end of the bargain no matter what my daughter can put them through. They are always very stretchy and absorbent. I love the blue line notification because even the little things can make the biggest difference.
I really like how cloth like and soft these diapers are. My son has sensitive skin and these diapers don't bother his skin at all.
Great keeps baby dry. Would recommend for others to use.
I have used different types of diapers and this is by far my favorite.
Swaddlers are the best! They are soft, flexible and keep my little one dry! I love that they have the strip that let's me know my little one is wet.
I used swaddlers for the size 1. All 3 of my boys never fit in size newborn. Swaddlers are great for new babies and beyond
We tried all the diapers but none are like pampers we just love them!!
Swaddlers are the best diaper on the market! My baby won't wear anything else!
When my son was born the hospital used Pampers Swaddlers and from then on I trusted no other product other than pampers for my baby.
Expensive but good. If I didn't get them as gifts I would probably buy off brand instead. Too expensive!
I love using the swaddler diapers on my little baby because the wet color change indicator is very helpful for her wet diapers so I know for sure she went to the bathroom & I'm not waisting (diapers are expensive). However my baby has had a blowout #2 from these diapers so the absorption isn't qick enough and pampers should figure out a way to stop the #2 liquid from coming out the back at the top. Baby #2 is liquid so it goes up the back & drips out if not careful. This diaper would be amazing if pampers could figure a way to stop the blow out #2 from coming out the back!
My son is now in stage one diapers and from the beginning we had a variety of brands of diapers from our baby shower and friends giving us diapers. Even as a newborn I loved the pampers swaddlers as it hugged my little one's bottom and prevented leaks. There are some days now with the size one where he will wake up wet, but that's normally because my son is a soaker and he sleeps for almost 6 hours straight at night now! I don't think any brand of diaper would hold up as well as the swaddlers do for my baby boy! Highly recommend this product as it's soft, flexible and moves with his little squirmy body as well as doesn't leave marks around his legs or waist line.
I like how the tabs fit securely and snugly without twisting. The diaper stays dry without irritating my daughter's skin.
I don't like the way of the diapers have a big opening in the bac. It`s not fitted as I expected.
I really like pampers swaddlers when my children are in sizes Newborn and ones. But once they get a little bigger they don't seem to absorb as much compared to the baby dry diapers. But I love them to start with.
I was using the Huggies diapers for my newborn . Once I switched to huggies snugglers size 1 ,the fit was too big around the leg area for my newborn. We would have lots of outfit changed due to this. I had recieved a box of pampers size 1 snugglers as a gift. I switched to see what the difference was and was so happy to see the fit was so much better. She did not have any accident outside of the diaper which made us very happy. I am now thinking of switching to pampers becuase of the fit and dryness.
They are great!! My husband and I love them. I would recommend them to anyone. They fit great and absorb well too. I just love them.
this is the first product have used, but it had been great till now
THIS PRODUCT DID NOT LEAK EVEN OVERNIGHT , SKIN WAS DRY, NO SKIN IRRITATION TO HIS SENSITIVE SKIN. WILL BUY THESE IN THE FUTURE.
I swear by pampers. I use them for both of my children. They're the only diapers I've found that my kids haven't peed through!
Great diaper for your little one! Keeps them nice and dry.
These are good value, but if you are moving from sensitive ones to these diapers, you might still prefer the sensitive ones.
Love the way that the diapers fit and how they don't mark her legs with the elastic.
It would he nice if the newborn had a cut out for the belly button.
Best diaper for not allowing 'up the back' leaks
Definitely worth the money
Me and baby love them. Tried many other products but pampers have come out on top.
Tried many other diapers but pampers seems to be most absorbent
I use pampers swaddlers for my newborn. They got good on her. They are soft and comfortable. Swaddlers keep my baby dry for few hours but there is one thing that I don't like about it that after the diaper gets wet, I can feel the moister out of the diaper. That means even her cloths from the back feel moistened, if I don't change her diaper right away.
My two year old toddler has been wearing Pampers brand since she was born. I like them. They don't feel cheap, good in absorbance, and they fit good.
I love that these diapers can hold a lot and the fit is just perfect!
I always buy pampers, they are a great fit with good absorbency. The color change wetness indicator is a fast and easy way to let me know when he is wet.
My little guy is non stop, I have never had a problem with leakage and the fit is wonderful!
We used these on my son until he started crawling. He has always needed a size up from the weight recommendations and once he started crawling they were too tight on his thighs. But for babies they are great, love the wetness indicator
I have loved the swaddlers for my 3 little ones and the fit is great, but the size 4 swaddler has not been as absorbent as the baby dry for my toddler boys. The fit is so good and comfee though that we have continued to buy them even though occasionally they don't make it all night. We started to use the baby dry at night and loved the absorbency but my older boy didn't like the fit as much so we switched him back. The good thing about so many products is there is something that works for everyone.
Love pamper swaddlers! Keeps my daughters bum dry!
I used this product on my son for the first year. Pampers were the only diaper that performed as expected and my son didn't wake up wet from his nap or at night. Because of my experience with Swaddlers, I've stayed with the Pampers brand of diapers and have not been disappointed. I especially love the wetness indicator; as a new parent I wasn't sure how often I was supposed to be changing my son and it was very handy to have a diaper that indicated when my son needed to be changed.
Good diaper. On the pricey side, but does hold up. We have had a few problems with the tabs falling off, and when we called pampers they took care of the problem.
I love being sure my baby will not have a leaky diaper overnight. Pampers is good that way. A lot of diapers are pretty good, but I usually like cloth best.
Pampers Swaddlers are diapers that the hospital started us with. We liked them so much that we kept buying them. They fit her great and do not leak.
I like the color change indicator. The stay fastened really well. They're not noisy like other diapers.
I love these diapers and have used them for all 4 of my kids. They are soft and very absorbent. However I still think that they could fit better. The back of the diaper always folds down. Even still they beat out any other brands.
I really enjoy Pampers diapers. They keep my baby dry and the color changing strip lets me know when he is wet. Also, the diapers do not irritate his skin.
nice product to us, i have using for my elder and younger one
I ve used this product for one year , and I m satisfied
Great diapers, however my son soaks through the swaddlers every night. I usually buy the baby dry because of this, but even then it's about every other night that he soaks through those as well. I'm sure my son just has a big bladder. The diapers for great and give him lots of room to be mobile and active without scafing him.
The swaddlers are my favorite to use for my baby. They keep her dry and diaper rash free and they fit her well.
Blue strip is wonderful. Needs to be advertised more.
I like the fit and softness of the swaddlers on my newborn. But I have a lot of issues where the tabs come off of them or are already ripper off when I get a new diaper out of the pack/box. They keep my sons dry though. And are great diapers as long as the tabs aren't coming off.
excellent choice for my newborn but had to stop using as my daughter grew as the fit changed and I found we were having too many accidents during the day and night
I love paper swaddlers for my child. The wetness indicator came in so handy when she was a newborn, she didn't like to be wet at all, so it was nice to be able to rule that out if she was screaming
I have to admit that these are way better than the huggies. the only issue is when our child had a small case of diarrhea. it did link through the back and the front. it was quite of a mess! but with the other guys it was much worse!
We fell in love with Pamper swaddler diapers when my son was born. My husband being a first time dad LOVED the wetness strip. It helped him learn when to change the baby. I love the softness. Having that up against my newborns skin made me feel better then some of the other products out there.
We believe these are the best diapers and our child seems to remain dry with them.
The best disposable diapers so far and we have tried quite a few.
I know I can always count on Pampers to keep my baby dry and happy
Great value as usual. I recommend to always get a bigger size.
This brand keeps my baby skin dry and rash free and would recommend it to any parent.
I was very impressed with the softness and the great fit.
Not a disappointment.. Like usual!!!!! love pampers
These are my favorite of all the diapers and brands we have tried. I have never had any overflows or leaks of any kind, even over nights!
As a first time mom, I tried several different brands of diapers. Of course I tried the diapers that were the least expensive, but my poor baby had so many leaks with those. I tried a couple of other brands, but still had leaks :-(. I finally decided to go ahead and pay more money by buying Pamper Swaddlers and have been very happy with them. I just wish they had also been the least expensive brand!
These diapers are great for keeping baby dry. I highly recommend.
Got Pampers Swaddlers at the hospital and continued to use them at home. I believe they keep my daughter dry. She has not had and issue with diaper rashes.
For boys you can't buy a better product! Everything else they just wet right through.
Many other brands don't compare to this diaper. For first time parents we highly recommend.
I used swaddlers for my newborn when we brought her home and then through about 3 months. She seemed to fit better in some of the other pampers diapers after about 3 months. I tried a number of other brands and pampers is still my preference.
I've tried a lot of different brands of diapers and have found Pampers Swaddlers to be our favorite. It's been the best fitting, most comfortable and so easy to use because it has a wetness indicator. I also feel confident using Pampers without worrying about accidental leaking. That's the last thing anyone wants when there's so many other things going on with taking care of a baby. The best thing I like is how soft they feel.
I've found that Pampers Swaddlers hold more and leak less than the Huggies brand. The diapers curve and hug my little one's little legs so nothing get through. We've tried both and always buy Pampers
Never change brand, dry clean no diapers rash
I change every bowel movement or every 3 Hrs
I love pampers diapers. I have tried almost every brand from getting all types from my baby shower. Hands down pampers are my favorite
Pampers swaddlers have a great fit with flexibility. They are stretchy so are not too tight or loose. I just wish they didn't leak as much.
I was given a box of Pampers size 1 and a box of Huggies size1 diapers for my baby shower. My son was a little too small for either when he was born. The hospital gave me a few packages of Pampers newborn size. I never had any leakage issues and they had a great fit. After a few weeks he was big enough to wear the diapers from my baby shower. I have to say I definitely see a difference between the Pampers brand and the Huggies brand. The Pampers were more absorbent, they fit him better, no leaks (#1 or #2) and he slept better in them. As a first time mom I'm so glad that the hospital sent us home with those Pampers diapers. I recommend this product 100%.
The pampers newborn diapers have been great for our child. They deliver great protection, are comfortable, and easy to place on a fussy baby; all at a great price.
I use them on my 4 month old since birth with vety extra sensitive ski. They do the job
I am a big fan of the Pamper Swaddlers. They are really good at absorbing a lot of wetness. They do a great job of holding a messy diaper. I have hardly had any leakes with the swaddlers. I always reccommend Pampers to all of my first time moms. I have tried all the other brands and they are no where near as good as Pampers with keeping the leakes away.
Overall this is a great product. I love the fact that pampers offers swaddlers in bigger sizes, it is my favorite type of pamper. My only complaint is that sometimes in the middle of a change the strap rips off while I try to put the diaper on my baby. Maybe I don't know my own strength.
Have always been a fan of pampers diapers and wipes. Used them with all 3 kids over last 5 years. Best wipes ever, except the thick wipes were too rough. Loved pampers the most when my kids were newborn - 3/4 months old. Used Swaddlers then and they were so awesome with the loose stools, soft too!! Once kids got older, I used baby dry diapers. Nice diapers & great value. Tried Huggies once and really liked their waist band and cotton Velcro straps better than pampers. Wish that pampers had the same waist band and straps as Huggies.
My Daughter pees A LOT! This diaper protects her little bottom from the wetness, with out the bulkiness! I use these during the day and baby dry at night! I love pampers! They work so well for my kiddo! I've tried the other brands, but I'd rather spend a little more $$$ for the better quality!
This diaper product is perfect for my baby. It fits just right, very absorbent, and it doesn't give him rashes like other diapers.
This product was so great they smell so good and they snug my baby's little waist just right I love them and I reccomended them to my sister and a gew friends for their babies I prefer these over parents choice
Swaddlers are extremely soft! Have always held up, with no leaks!
I love how soft they are, and the wetness indicator was an awesome tool in the beginning. They're pricey though.
I only use Pampers swaddlers on my toddler because they are the only diaper to stay dry all night long!
I like these diapers. They fit my son very well most of the time.
These diapers are great for babies with sensitive skin. My son wore these as a newborn and it helped us see less skin irritations and diaper rash. The little line on the front was also nice in helping us know when the diaper was full and needed to be changed.
No problem till now. Need to go size up way before reaching the limit weight.
Liked the swaddlers in newborn size. Good fit for our 6 lb baby, didn't leak anything. Even held up to all that meconium! But at just a few days old, the baby was soaking these so thoroughly that we were having to wake him for very frequent changes and he nonetheless developed a small bit of diaper rash. Switched to size 1 for overnights when he was almost 8 lbs to keep him comfortable for the longer sleep stretches.
Great product fit well cute pictures good overnight diaper
My husband really liked these diapers because of the yellow color changing stripe. He knew when our done was wet.
I love pampers diapers. The color changing line is so convenient and helpful. Its an easy way to tell how wet the diaper is and if it needs immediate changing. I love how it only changes color in the spots that are wet too. This makes it so easy for moms who aren't sure how to tell if the diaper is too wet. My son seems to love them as well. They fit perfectly to his body and aren't too tight around his legs. They absorb wetness very well and I love how the diaper has the netting that keeps the wetness off my son.
they are very good in general but there are often leaks because the fit is not the best.
The diapers fit pretty great, there is slight bunching at the top after my LO bends and twists, and occasionally they may slide down a bit.
They absorb a LOT of liquid and the line changing colors is remarkably helpful.
I don't think I have come across a better diaper for the price!
Wonderful product.
Pamper Jams Are the Best trying to potty train and my son is a big boy so had to find bigger pampers and was glad to find pamper jams they are get for bigger kid Thank you
Our best find for little ones sensitive skin, in disposables.
I have been using pampers brand for 2 years now and love the product. It protects from leaking and absorbs more than any other brand.
The swaddlers are great quality and very fitted...
I have tried numerous brands but Pampers is the only one so far that doesn't leak. When I try different brands somehow I always end up changing my clothes as much as I change my baby's diaper.
Great product overall. The only problem we ever experienced was the need for the diaper to be bit tighter around the back. Our breastfed boys were explosive up their backs no matter what diaper we used but had the most success with Pampers.
This product is a great product my now two month old has not once gone threw these diapers ...I don't know why he pees so much within an hr but these diapers keep him nice and dry one other brand I tried which is Huggies he peed right threw em almost every day... I like that they don't look too bulky also
I like pampers swaddlers for wetness protection but not a fan when baby poops. The diaper tends to stick to the bottom making it harder to wipe.
Worked real well in smaller sizes, not as absorbent on larger sizes.
We have tried a few different brands of diapers but always come back to these. They keep him the driest out of ones we have tried.
pampers swaddlers worth the value, only would be better if there was a fitted waistband because watery stools would leak
no issues with rashes like others
Love the wetness indicator
sometimes the strips that lay on baby first, that the velcro attaches to doesn't line up quite right, making for an odd fit. overall a solid 4 out of 5
Most of my family has been using Pampers for years. So we all went out on a limb and decided to try Swaddlers. They kept our babies dry, fit perfectly, and made them happy! I highly suggest that you try these!
The swaddlers work best for newborns but the color-changing indicator strip is great at any size
These are great diapers! I love the color changing lines and how soft they are.
As a new mom, I had no idea what kind of diapers to buy. A friend had recommended pampers swaddlers, so we tried them. I loved the wetness indicator especially for new parents, then there was no question when to change the diaper. The only problem we occasionally ran into was that during nighttime our daughter would move a lot and she would leak through the diaper up her back onto the sheets. I think a conformed or elastic waistband in the back could fix that problem.
Best diaper out there. Keeps my boy dry for 10 hours over night without any leakage. Even when he is crawling around they don't fall off his behind since they are stretch to fit snug but room to move.
I love the color changing wetness indicator. It helps me not bother my baby to check for wetness. I just peek under his onesie. If there is a blue line time for a diaper change if not peaceful happy baby.
I have been using pampers for my son since birth! I tried numerous other brands but nothing compared
There good I just wish they didn't gap and the back
I used Pamper's Swaddlers for my newborn daughter and absolutely LOVED them. I did try a few other brands that were a little less expensive, but they leaked and made big messes...I figure spending a little more was well worth containing the mess :o)

Now that my daughter is a little older, I use the Pampers Dry diapers overnight. They hold SO much more urine than any other diapers I've tried. I use other ones during the day, but Pampers Dry at night.
When it comes to quality and value I would not trust anything else except Pampers. I love the dryness and absorbency especially at night when my little one was sleeping. I would recommend Pampers to all my friends and family. Nothing else even comes close.
Have used the sensitive and swaddlers so far on my LO and they are great! We really like the wetness indicator. And LO seems happy with them too. Thanks pampers!
Swaddlers has been my diaper of choice since day one
Got this for my newborn son. I tried other brands but the fit was not good and my son had leaks. Swaddlers was a good fit. I just have to fold the front part a little so it doesn't touch his belly button. I love the wetness indicator so I could easily tell if my baby needed a diaper change.
Sometimes my baby pees through them but other than that good quality.
We used Swaddlers when our daughter was first born and for the first few months, until we switched to the Pampers Baby Dry diapers. The Swaddlers are so soft and great for newborns! We switched to the Baby Dry when our daughter started sleeping through the night since they are more absorbent than the Swaddlers. Highly recommend both! Fit her MUCH better than other brands so she didn't have leaks.
we have used the swaddlers sence our son was born. have tryed a few others always go back.
After coming home from the hospital, my husband and I used exclusively Pampers Swaddlers (newborn size). The newborn size was perfect for our 5 pound, 15 ounce little girl. When we ran out one day, we tried using other brands until we got time to run to the store . . . none of them fit as good as Pampers. Also, our little one would cry as soon as she wet in the other diapers because they weren't as dry as the Pampers. The blue wetness indicator line is so helpful for mommy and daddy, too!
This is a great diaper for my baby and I appreciate that it doesn't leak.
Swaddlers are my favorite diapers for size NB-3. I loved using them on my son, and will use them on my baby girl coming in July.
For my twins, I loved Pamper Swaddlers and used them everyday! They fit great and there were much less leaks than with other diapers
We've been using pampers since pur daughter was born. The hospitals even gave us pampers swaddlers. Huggies have leaked on us many times. It's more expensive, but worth the change in clothes
Best diapers on the market, and love the blue indicator line!
I love the wetness indicator. Being a new mommie can be hectic and that just helped.
Overall, the fit and feel of these diapers are very well done. Soft, and form fitting, but they do lack some absorbency and leakage protection on the sides. While I don't expect everything to be caught, we do seem to have several incidents where leakage has occurred around the legs and even through the front of the diaper on occasion. Overall, I would recommend, but would hope for some improvements as well.
I use these diapers for bedtime because I know my son will be wearing them for 8+ hours and it's important to me that his delicate skin stay dry and un-irritated. These diapers are great for that!
Got home from hospital 5 days ago and using those wipes 24/7... my baby loves it...so gentle and soft.
I love the way swaddled fit my 1 year old. They never cut into her legs or leak! I have tried other brands and they just don't fit the same!
I love the Swaddlers! They are so soft and comfy for my baby. The only thing is they don't usually last through the night.
These are the ones my hospital started my baby on when he was born. The soft texture and feel are good for a newborn's skin. My baby is big so as he got older I started to prefer pampers baby dry because that material is a little thinner and more comfortable for him.
I have used all of pampers diapers there are easy to use and no leakage.
Great product. Would recommend. Only product I use for children
I love Pampers Swaddler! It doesn't leak day or night. My baby is been using it since he was born. It's a little pricey but worth it! So far my little one don't have rashes! Highly recommend!
I have used swaddlers for both of my babies. The netting inside caused a rash for my little girl so we switched to baby dry. My little boy was fine using swaddlers but we have also switched to baby dry for the better value and absorbency through longer sleep periods.
I like the Swaddlers because of the softness when I'm cuddling our little man. Daddy likes the Swaddlers because of the wetness-indicator (he says he never knows when baby is wet!)
In the past 8 months, there are less than 5 times that I can think of where this diaper didn't take care of business; other "comparable" diapers just aren't!
I absolutely love this product especially the wetness meter ! My son loves this diaper too, he sleeps so much better through the night with this diaper. It keeps him fairly dry and has GREAT absorbency. Deff recommend this product. Pampers has yet to fail me !
Love pampers products wouldnt use anything else!!!
I've Experienced Leaks, But I'll Always Choose Pampers Over Huggies! The Price Is A Little Steep, But I'll Pay It For The Fit & Comfort Of My Son.
We've tried several diapers on the market and Pampers quality can't be beat.
these are what works for my family we have tried others and have had issues these are reliable
Very good quality diaper.
Only issue I have is fitting at waist area. It just seems like the sticky bands could be longer or more diaper to stretch across waist. But otherwise very absorbent. My 3month old sleeps from 10p-6am!!
These diapers have a good fit and have never leaked on us!
we've tried all brands with both of our children, and yet we still come back to buying pampers. good quality reasonable priced, no irritation as with other brands.
I think a big part of why my 6 month LO sleeps all night is because he is dry using these diapers!
We love pampers. They are absorbent and work great.
Been using Pampers products over the course of 9 years with my 3 daughters ages 9,5 and 2. Steering away to another product has never crossed my mind.
I always use pampers. They last long and stay on well.
My favorite aspect of the swaddlers is the "wet line", it was very helpful when my baby was a newborn, until we got used to his daily patterns. The fit is great and we still use them, and baby dry diapers today.
I've tried all of the other brands and Pampers Swaddlers are definitely the best. They are soft and comfortable on my daughter. They fit nicely. I trust the Pampers name to always be dependable.
We love these diapers cause they are so soft and show when our son is wet. The only drawback is that they are more expensive than the baby dry!
I love these for our twin boys when they were small!
We've been avid pampers fans since he beginning. My little guy used the swaddlers until October or November. Once he started moving, we moved him to cruisers. The line technology on the swaddlers is wonderful in helping new parents determine if the diaper is wet, however, it can be a little deceiving and cause new parents to go through more diapers than needed. Often my little guy would urinate just a little and the blue line meant in our eyes it needed to be changed. We had some leaking issues at night time sometimes so we went to night time diapers. We've been pleased overall with this product.
Pampers swaddlers will last through the night without leaking.
Expensive but worth it! It has really helped my active daughter.
My daughter is now 2 and we have almost exclusively used pampers since she was born. When she was younger we tried to use another brand and she got a terrible rash. Recently we started to potty train and we tried a deferent barand but they leaked half the time, so back to Pampers we went. Now with our second child on the way there is no guess work to figure out which brand to use, Pampers all the way!
I've tried other diaper brands but Pamper Swaddles fit my child the best and have the best absorbency.
As new parents of triplet girls we go through an average of 30 diapers a day! We have tried competitors' diapers but greatly prefer the Pampers brand because of the better fit and absorbancy of their products. We found that other brands did not fit our girls as well and led to multiple changings because of leakage, which in turn was a greater expenditure. When you have multiples, every penny counts! We also love the wetness indicator on the swaddler diapers and the cute designs.
I love pampers diapers. I would only recommend they make a lining to help stop the pooh from coming out.
pampers swaddlers are perfect for newborns with sensitive skin
pampers always have a great fit, no matter what size. They stay nice and fit.
We like this diaper. Soft and comfortable. Keeps our son dry, unless he drinks a lot before bed, so we use night time diapers.
If I could give any new mom advice for their newborn it would be to use Pampers Swaddlers. When I was pregnant with my daughter, her father and I were trying to choose what brand diaper we would use and on a whim we chose Huggies. That was our first mistake! After endless diaper blow outs and clothes changes we made the switch to Pampers and I will never go back!! In fact I had a 216 diaper box of size 1 Huggies that I bought in advance to stock up and I brought them back to exchange for Pampers!!! Once you go Pampers you never go back!!!
I love this product. It keeps my baby dry and comfortable. I highly recommend pampers to all new mothers.
Love the line on the swaddler that shows when the diaper is wet. There is good absorbency in the diaper for the younger babies.
My first child used Pampers 13 years ago. With baby #2, back to Pampers. The stripe on swaddlers is new and nice. This time it seems like they push waste up and out vs absorbing it in many cases.
I started with pampers swaddler for my son which I liked a lot and discovered pampers cruiser as he got older and I loved the cruiser.

I recommend this products !!
Only diapers I will buy! I was given other diapers at my showers, but only use pampers.
At our house we only buy Pampers. We LOVE the quality!
Pampers Sensitive are very absorbent, even overnight.
I have tried a few different brands and pampers swaddlers are the best fit for my little one
My baby is usualy dry with swaddlers and nothing comes out of them
I've used Swaddlers for both of my kids and have been thrilled with their performance on my little ones. They are soft so I feel my babies are comfortable and they are super absorbent, keeping little one dry. My biggest complaint is the price - generic brands are a lot less expensive. However, for my babies, I feel the extra price of Pampers is worth it.
Pampers Swaddlers is our usual go-to preferred brand - the wetness indicator is a great feature. The only negative is the cost, which is more expensive than many competitors.
I have used Pampers Swaddlers for all four of my children.
I have tried cheaper brands, but they never worked right.
For example, I would be changing the baby's dipper and when I went to pull the tabs open they would come clean off.
I have never had any problems with Pampers.
I like the Swaddlers because the are so soft.
Love swaddlers! Great for newborns. You can always tell when they're wet. I never had a leak and few blow outs. Recommend to anyone.
I love them. I have tried other diapers but these were the best.
I love pampers! The absorbency is great the only thing I would change are the sticky snaps.
Having tried several other diapers, I always revert back to Swaddlers for my young children. They have wonderful odor control, I love the wetness indicating line and despite my children having sensitive skin, Swaddlers have never caused any irritation or complications.
Won't use any other!
I like the way it fits exactly as per the weight mentioned!
I definitely use Swaddlers during the day for the softness, but they fail to keep my daughter dry all night. She HATES waking up to have her diaper changed (forget staying asleep during a change, too!), but she soaks thru at least one diaper per night. I use the Baby Dry Pampers at night usually.
My husband and I bought one of every kind of diaper we could find at our local baby store. We compared dryness, fit, did it have the awesome little moister line, and value. We came to the conclusion that Pamper's Swaddlers fit our little the best.
Great product!!!
Pampers Swaddlers were used by the hospital where my baby was born. I love these diapers, These are the only ones that never leaked.
I love pamper swaddlers. Unlike some diapers they don't leak and keep her dry
We were thrilled when Pampers introduced Swaddlers in Size 4. These diapers are soft and never leak.
14 years ago I use luvs because they worked better but with child # 2, I actually like pampers over luvs and huggies. I wish they where cheaper.
There the only diapers I use for my first child. They keep her dry and are very absorbent.
We planned on just using whatever diapers were given to us, or that were the cheapest, but when our daughter was born 3 months premature due to pre-eclampsia, she wore Swaddlers in the NICU. Other than skin sensitivities (runs in both sides of the family) that were resolved with various creams (perhaps the NICU should invest in the sensitive Swaddlers...do they come in preemie sizes?), the diapers fit well, and kept our daughter clean for three months in the NICU and the first few months home. We did end up switching to Pamper's Baby Dry after a few months, though, as she had several leaks in the night and ended up covered in urine and moving up a size in the Swaddlers didn't seem to help.
These diapers leaked less than any others that we have tried. My son has a lot of problems with leakage and we use these all the time now.
Theses diapers fits my baby the best compared to the competition. They keep her dry all night long.
I wish they made the wetness indicator on the baby dry pampers. I would pay extra for that.
We were given this brand in the hospital when I had my son and have always bought them since. I tried a few different brands that I received at my shower and in my opinion, none of them compared. The mesh lining is a lifesaver for breastfeed babies. I'm really excited they now make swaddlers in the larger sizes!
They definitely hold a lot in! Got them as gifts by other moms and they know best what to use.
This product is great but I wish it was more affordable.
The diapers fit great and have rarely leaked. Although now that she is sleeping longer we will try the overnight diapers.
I love how soft they are now , my son doesnt urinate out the side as much as Other diapers
I enjoy using the pamper swaddled for my daughter, they are a lot better quality wise than other brand diapers. Even when she's on the move I don't have to worry about her making another mess on her clothing.
When I first used brought these diapers they were first my sister little boy. I love the way they smelled and fit him. 4 years later I bought them for my son. They are a very good brand of diapers. They fit as expected. The only problem I have with them is they don't have a hand to prevent blow outs. Other then that I have no complaints.
I'm a new mom to be bout I've been using the Swadlers on the babies are the day care. There very good brand of diapers. the saying is true you pay for what you get!!
These diapers are overall my favorite brand so far. My little girl is 5 months old and Pampers Swaddlers have been my favorite. They provide the best fit and absorbency. Sometimes I can pull a wet diaper off of her and her skin and even the diaper feel dry to the touch. They don't ever seem to rub or leave red marks on her skin. They don't have an overwhelming perfume added to them either which is great for delicate baby skin. Also, these diapers seem to be less bulky than the average diaper while still providing more absorbency! My only issue is I wish they were a little less expensive. If it weren't for the cost I would always choose these first!
We've used these Pampers for both our children and we can definitely say that Pampers is the #1 brand
my first newborn only wore pampers since it was given at the hospital. the fitting and absorbency is good and i love it has the wetness indicator.
I went through many diapers and tried the cheapest I could get too with my oldest seven years ago. I never found a diaper that fit right or didn't leak until I tried Pampers. This go round I went straight for the pampers! Im not messing with an inferior product when I have something that still works!
Pampers swaddlers diapers are great for your new born. They are just the right size for your new born, they snug her in just the right size. They keep your baby dry thru the night, one less thing to worry about.
The fit on these diapers could leave a little to be desired, but the absorbency is incredible. Better then any of the other diapers I have tried since I had my daughter, and I've tried pretty much all of them.
These are about the softest diapers you can buy---they are one of our two favorite diapers from Pampers. Absorbency is great, does not irritate baby's skin.
Fits petite babies great! And the wetness indicator is very helpful for nbs.
These diapers are good in feel & absorbency. However, size S is big for preemie babies & size XS are barely available in market.
Tested with 2 children. Great absorbency for several hours, and a good fit. Pamper diapers are the best!
Swaddlers are so easy to fit on your squirmy little one, that even first time parents can do it with ease. We absolutely love the color-changing indicator.
My baby is in NICU and they use these diapers routinely. We have had a few issues with leaking through onto clothes. Love the color change strip for wetness.
These diapers hold a lot and still manages to keep my baby dry
Very soft and comfy for my baby . My baby always stays dry too
This product is very soft and doesn't leak like other products. I've tried multiple diapers and these are the only ones that didn't leak when my baby would wet them.
This is the first diaper we ever tried and its great. So far no blow outs or leaks, and no rashes.
Only good financial value with a coupon. As far as absorbency, these are far far superior to the second leading brand, Huggies. Huge size gap between newborn size and 1's - makes no sense. Otherwise, definitely our first choice fr diapers, although expensive.
Hi, I use these for my baby and he is very comfortable in these.
These absorb wetness very well and the blue line tells me how much it is full
they adjust in waist size and are easy to use.
Perfect for newborns who don't move much but seem to always need changing :)
We love pampers. My daughter is 5 months old and we have only had a hand full of times where the diaper leaked. I would highly recommend pampers. They fit a lot better than Huggies and seemed more absorbant.
With all three of our children we have used Pampers. They are the only diapers that cover all our needs. The fit perfectly, help babies stay dry and stay put once they started to crawl.
love pampers, ive used them for all 4 of my babies! love the the new swaddlers, especially when sleep and comfort is inevitable for both mom and baby, they are super soft and the wetness indicator is a plus
I had my 3rd baby and i am using these diapers in newborn size for her ... they are proper fit and does not leak.
I love pamperd overall. Not a big fan of swaddlers but they will do.
Pampers Swaddlers were my preferred diapers for all 3 of my kiddos when they were babies. They were a good combination of comfort and wetness protection. We had very few diaper blow-outs with Pampers.
As a new mom, I really loved these diapers mainly because of the wetness indicator strip on the front of the diaper. A newborn baby soils a diaper very often and it was easiest for me to know when I needed to change the diaper simply by looking at the front of the diaper. It helped me figure out how often I would need to continue changing the diaper in the future. I just wish it wasn't so much more costly. Now that I'm a more 'experienced' mom, I save some money by purchasing the Baby Dry versions.
I love that the Pampers Swaddlers meet the promise of up to 12 hours wetness protection. My 4 month old sleeps about 11-12 hours/night now, and when I change her in the morning, she is still dry.

The only drawback is the waistband does not stretch as well as other brands.
After trying different brands of diapers with mixed results, we are happy to have found that Pampers Swaddlers work well for our baby. We rarely have leaks, even overnight!
I am a new mother and I wasn't sure which brand of diapers I was going to use for my daughter. I was given pampers newborn and loved them. They fit her great and were super absorbent.
After trying baby dry, I prefer the baby dry diapers over the swaddlera due to the softness and I noticed the baby stays asleep for longer and doesn't wake up crying due to a small wet diaper during the night.
Diapers fit well, are absorbent, but I hate weird chemical smell
I used Swaddlers from birth to 7 months old (moved to cruisers now). I loved them because they kept my daughter dry and fit PERFECT! The blue line was the best thing!
My daughter was born early and the hospital provided some of the Pampers Swaddlers to us in preemie and newborn. Both are very similar in fit. I really loved the wetness indicator line that the newborn diapers have and the absorbancy the diapers offer.
Great product I used pampers with my first child six years ago, and am going to be using with my new baby on the way. Excited about the umbilical chord notch because you have to be extra careful with that.
Really nice product, only issue was leakage here and there. Live the wetness indicator!
We've been using pampers diapers and wipes since day one.. We have tried other brands in between but they don't even compare to the quality pampers offers..
Held up pretty good until my daughter started to drink 8oz before bed time
No other diapers works for my little one. Never had a problem
I was sent home from the hospital with newborn swaddlers and I knew nothing about diapers. I got a lot of Huggies and generic brands from people and I gave them all away and went back to the Swaddlers I got from the hospital. Nothing works like them! I love the indicator strip and they are so soft. They are the only diapers I will buy now.
We love Pampers Swaddlers! They are so soft and comfortable for our son. We love the wetness indicator. Overall the diaper is great...However I have one complaint. I find that the swaddlers are not comfortable for my son at night. By the time he wakes in the morning, his diaper is so wet, and does not appear to hold up to his needs overnight. I wish they would be more absorbent for night time. Other than that, the swaddlers are wonderful, and we will continue to use them during the day, but will use something more absorbent at night.
This diaper has a simple design and great leakage control. I was using huggies and switched because urine was leaking out the sides. since the change have had no leaks with pampers.
We were given pampers from the hospital my daughter was born and we liked it and we continued using the same.
I received many different brands of diapers at my baby shower. Pampers were our favorite and we ended up returning the other brands. Great diaper! Worth the money!
I have used newborn, size 1 and size 2 swaddlers. Overall, the only diaper I trust. Fits well and absorbs the wetness from my son's skin. My only complaint is that the fibers from the diaper cling and leave what looks like strands of lint around the tip of my son's *. It is difficult to clean with a wipe.
I have been using Pampers since my daughter was born and have always lived them, great value and they don't leak
Pampers Swaddlers are very good, especially for small babies. They even use them at most hospitals.
I really love the feel and quality of Pampers Swaddlers, and I do highly recommend them.
Only thing is that, my daughter went through a stage where she was having frequent and large loose stools per day and more than once we had leakage (both from the sides, but worse up the back). The one thing that I would have liked on the Swaddlers would be a ruched/elastic back as I feel that helps hold in the mess better than just a flat back.
But I do love these diapers! No wonder they are the number one choice in hospitals!
I always us pampers products, this is the best and I used them for both of my kids, thank you so much
I feel that Pampers Swaddler diapers fit my girls the best out of all the diapers. Other diapers would not fit well in the legs and then my children would leak, but never with Pampers Swaddlers. They were very absorbant and my children never leaked. The wetness indicator was very accurate and helpful.
I prefer the swaddlers, but love the design of the pampers dry.
I find buying these name brand diapers are worth the value
I love Pampers Swaddlers, I tried every brand and this has got to be the best yet.
With all the choices of diapers, Pampers swaddlers was the disposable diaper most recommended by friends and family. We tried several different brands and this has been our favorite.
My baby just loves pampers when she sees them she practically jumps into them. So thank you pampers!
I really like the Pampers Diapers Swaddlers compared to other Pampers diapers and other brand of diapers. The quality is really good but I feel like the side stickers cause discolorations on the skin of baby's waist. Maybe they should come up with alternative way for those stickers, which won't cause discoloration and maybe discomfort. Other than that, everything is good. I do recommend this product to everyone.
they fit good on my little one and they are so soft against his skin
Great absorbancy, the fit could be better, I usually get a size bigger and just fold down the front. But overall a great diaper.
The dryness really is good, and it's fits so comfortable... Used this product for my two children and will again with my soon to be newborn.
We have been using pampers for some time now with daycare kids! My son will be borm this month and wouldnt Change to any other product for diapers.
My son loves them. Well maybe I love them better than him. Had no problems or complaints.
Love pamapers but i have found a few faults lately but still using them dailey
I love this product great absorbancy and amazing fit. the best diaper product out there. the price fits the product. sometimes the diaper sticks to my baby but other then that amazing.
These are THE BEST for tiny babies. My baby was born at 6 lbs, and these were the only diapers that fit around his skinny legs. They are soft and very absorbent. The indicator strip is great for newborns, but not as practical for older babies.
I love pampers swaddlers. My baby never gets diaper rash, I believe because the extra protection pampers has. They also go up a little higher in the back and front to prevent blow outs. Overall a great product. I truly believe pampers has the best baby products going.
The pampers swaddlers diapers are very convenient with the easy to read wetness indictor and they have a great fit. However I did notice that I had more leaks with these diapers than I have had with other pampers brand diapers; they are still better than store brand or huggies brand diapers though.
This is a good diaper. I like it. My baby also hasn't complained yet. The packaging is good.
I started with pampers and then bought Huggies because of a sale. I gave away the huggies and bought pampers because they were not as absorbent and had too many blow outs. Pampers are worth the little extra money!
I love how the fit on my baby girl, and that they feel soft, so they are gentle on her skin. They hold my baby's potty pretty well, but whenever goes #2 no matter how big or small, it goes up her back or starts to completely. There is another brand of diapers that we use that contain her #2s much better! I wouldn't not use Pampers at all because of this though. It would probably depend on costs and what is on sale.
the swaddlers are hands down the best diapers that I have tried, and I have tried quite a few. They are worth the extra pennies because of less blowouts and peeouts. less mess and work for me is a real treasure with my limited time.
I love the swaddler diapers for my little ones. They seem to keep my babies dry and the quality is great. I prefer these over other diapers anyday.
Sometimes leaks but only because my son has huge poops!
Love Pampers Swaddlers, but started to love Baby Dry more. They are pretty the same, but don't know why I love baby dry more )
As a first time mom, I'm new to the world of diapers. I have been using the newborn Pampers Swaddlers for almost two months now and they work great. The wetness color change indicator is an added bonus. I'm happy with this product so far.
I've used these with all 5 of my kids and plan to do so with #6 (due in May) : )
I love these diapers! They're soft, cute and absorbent. I 've been using these since my first son was born (born 12/2013) and now I'm using them on my newborn. The only improvement that could be made would be making the cut out piece for the umbilical cord stump, a little more cut out (deeper) in the newborn size diaper. Other than that, these diapers are reliable and amazing!!!
Light weight diaper, fits perfect. Overall really great product. The line turning blue is a life saver.
These diapers are good quality but are on the more expensive end.
Started using pampers swaddlers for my newborn and I love the comfort and dryness it provides.. My baby is a frequent wetter and happy that I found best fit that keeps her sensitive skin soft and dry.. Recommend pampers diaper products..
I love the Pampers there were a few things I would change about them but overall I think they're really good pampers
I used Pampers for my first son about 4 years ago. I am now on my second son, and I feel like the quality of the diaper has changed. One of my main issues is the Velcro tabs are constantly being pulled off while I'm trying to change my son.
I think they are very useful andfit on him a little tight sometimes they are really good pampersI've never had any trouble with them leaking
I like seeing my baby comfortable wearing Pampers. Especially now that she's moving a whole lot more.
Good brand, especially for little babies. 1 to 3 months is a good brand.
We tried a ton of different diapers at first to see what we liked and once we tried the Pampers diapers we never turned back! We love how they fit and how well they absorb the wetness! I would definitely recommend this product to a friend.
I love pampers products but if I were to recommend a product to a friend I would tell them to buy Pampers baby dry or swaddlers sensitive. Baby dry diapers are just as soft in my opinion but you get more for the same price. If you are going to go with swaddlers, I would at least buy the sensitive ones because they are hypoallergenic. I used swaddlers sensitive when my daughter was still an infant but started trying the other ones around 6 months. I probably would have used baby dry from the start if I knew what I know now. The only benefit to the swaddlers and swaddlers sensitive is that they have the wetness indicator but you still have to be able to see the diaper to check it. so you have to remove clothing when you could just feel the diaper and leave the clothing on.
ME AND MY BABY LOVE SWADDLERS DIAPERS,THANK YOU PAMPERS!
These are very comfortable but they dont last for more than 8 hours dry.
The diapers hold up well and we don't have any problems with leaks. It may just be a matter of preference, but I don't like the net liner in these. The liner is always clinging to my baby's skin when I open the diaper for a change. That doesn't seem to be very comfortable or hygienic. That being said, they do their job well.
Your baby can't always tell you when they're hungry, tired, restless, too hot, too cold, gassy, bored, sick or have a dirty diaper. These pampers are AWESOME at giving us at least ONE of these guessing game scenarios a quick answer by showing you that they have a dirty diaper. If they still cry after that, at least you KNOW a dirty diaper is NOT the problem and you can work from there. Plus, how many times do you change a diaper that wasn't dirty just going though your list of scenarios?
Diapers are not stiff or crunchy like some other brands- softer than most. Love the blue line that appears on the smaller sizes to indicate diaper is wet. Only diaper I will use for my newborn!
I've tried a few other kinds of diapers, I'm by far the happiest with Pampers, even when we're coming up on needing the next size we still don't have leakage issues like we've had with other brands.
These diapers fit my son's body. He has fewer diaper blow-outs when using swaddlers.
I recommended pampers swaddlers diapers and wipes . I have a newborn baby she is 2 weeks old and they are great I never have any leaks with the diapers it holds a lot . I love how it has an indicator to tell you if the dispersal is wet .
We started using them at the Hospital. They worked great for my baby. No leaks at all!
Super soft diapers. Love the material. Wetness stays in the diaper... Only complaint is the back doesn't lay across his back snug and if he has a watery #2 while laying down it comes out the top. They do the job but I hope and pray every time I hear him going that it stays in! If they're out if baby dry at the store (more times than not) I opt for these.
I love these diapers. I haven't had any problems in the last 6yrs.
Love pampers she can go through the night asleep without a diaper change
I like the swaddlers would like to try the sensitive ones.
Love Pampers diapers! Great fit and never have to worry about leakage. Great quality diaper!
I absolutely love the fit of these diapers! They are nice and snug and also very soft. We rarely have leaks!
Pampers Swaddlers definitely work; they keep my baby dry and don't irritate his sensitive skin. However, they are also very expensive. Target Up & Up diapers and Huggies Sensitive diapers work just as well, cost much less, and are also gentle enough that my son can wear them without having any irritation.
I just so love the diapers my baby pees a lot and they hold through the night all my 3 boys have used...
wow, did this diaper do a nice job keeping my baby and the clothing dry for hours.
This was the type of diaper we were sent home with and continued using until 6 months. It always provided great protection and kept our grandbaby dry. We made one attempt to try luvs and were very dissatisfied. The baby's mommy really like the dry indicator.
Overall I am happy with it, however not as soft as some other products we have tried.
Pampers swaddlers worked great when my son was a newborn. They absorbed great and fit his narrow frame well.
We started using Pampers in the hospital with our little one and have tried a couple different brands, but we keep coming back to Pampers. My little has a sensitive bottom and the mesh liner in these diapers pulls the contents away from her skin and helps prevent diaper rash, unlike other brands we have tried which keep constant contact with her skin. They haven't leaked on us thus far and are super absorbent. The only small downfall I have seen is the fit can get a little loose which causes it to slide down a little bit, and if they get too full it can feel a little damp but it hasn't ever leaked.
its very good brand of baby diapers, it absorbs very good, but the new born size still large on by baby^^, in first time I got it as a gift from my friends and then i start use it for my son daily, it soft for baby skin and no sensitivity .
My favorite diapers, and I've tried them all! I would definitely recommend these.
Overall the diaper is really nice. It absorbs well and keeps everything contained. Every now and then, the diaper sticks to his bottom, which is worrisome. I also wish these were more environmentally friendly. I always feel guilty that these are ending up in a landfill. Too bad I cannot compost them.
Started with them in hospital and bought another pack from store, they are great, the wetness indicator is great help and don't have to move baby to see if it needs to be changed
I love how soft the texture is for my soon-to-be 4 month old! This diaper locks in moisture and holds many diaper poopy "blow outs" she gets at times. One of my favorite diaper choices by far!
Suitable for my baby. Absorbence is alright. Great product.
We prefer swaddlers sensitive, however, we we cannot find them in retail stores the swaddlers are a great alternative.
As a first time mom I really like this product, they fit really well
These are the only diapers I've tried that don't leak or irritate my baby's skin.
I like the swaddler, it is very soft and comfortable for my baby. there are not rush on my baby's hip when my baby wears the swaddler.
I think the absorbency is very good. I also think this brand is very sensitive to a newborns skin so they won't get rashes. This is they best brand I've found for babies and infants. I always choose this brand. I really really recommend this for any mothers who do not know which brand to choose from.
Holds well, doesn't leak, and the "wetness indicator" is a great addition.
I HAVE TRIED LUV'S AND HUGGIES AS WELL. I PREFER PAMPERS
I used Swaddlers for my daughter when she was born and used them until she grew out of the sizes they made them in, so I was so happy when I found they make them in larger sizes now! I love them, the are very soft and conform to your child's shape.
The swaddler diapers are nice and I enjoyed them when my daughter was an infant, but now that she is walking I feel they don't fit as well.
We just had our first baby. We started by using pampers but decided to try a cheaper brand to save money. BAD IDEA! My baby stool was every where but the diaper and he developed a rash. We are a pamper family
I love pampers swaddles, the netting inside really gives us extra security at night
after much discussion we decided to go with Pampers diapers because of a good track record with his other children plus I like the fact that there is a indicator when a diaper is wet it helps new moms so I am NOT over changing diapers
Pampers swaddlers made it easy learn how to diaper our baby, It's the only brand that worked and that we'll buy.
I've been using Pampers products for over 4 years now and I have no regrets. I love the swaddlers style. It's soft yet absorbent. I also like the wetness indicator; that's definitely a plus!
The pampers swaddlers were a mediocre diaper. i would not recommend to a friend.
My preemie has been using these since birth and so far the best brand. Ive tried about 11 or so diaper brands.
Pampers swaddlers were good for my newborn baby. The wetness indicator is a great feature
I tried a few other brands and Pampers Swaddlers are the best ones out there.
I have tried almost every brand of diapers and Pampers was by far the best. The Swaddlers are a great fit on my little one and I love having the color changing strip so I know when he needs changed.
I absolutely loved this brand of new born Diapers!. I had different small packages of other brands and I found that pampers was the only that absorbed better.
Fits good, stays relatively dry. Love the dirty indicator.
Product fits securely around infants legs preventing leaking.
I have been using Pampers for my newborn, I am very pleased with the product, wetness protection and fit are great and I really love the wetness indicator!
Love these diapers, much softer than huggies! My only suggestion wouldbe to make the leg cutouts a bit bigger so that the diaper fits snugger.
I love that they are soft. they are not as absorbent as I would like. I still love them.
Ever since i have had my little girl, i never changed what brand i have used for her. which is pampers, they have never let me down. absorb alot and its the perfect shape for my little girl. My daughter is very slim around the waist and these diapers never fall on her.
My son has only had papers swadlers from day one and they have been great
I love pampers swaddlers diapers. The convenient wetness indicator lets us know when our little one's diaper is wet before we have to undress her. Swaddlers are so soft, smell great, and fit like a charm.
The regular Swaddlers are very good, these sensitive diapers have the moisture indicator. It is a yellow stripe that turns blue if there is any moisture in the diaper and we find it to be invaluable.
Totally worry free full night, absorbs good. Like it.
I put these diapers on my little guy at night. No leaks
I live how these diapers fit and how they hold all the nasty stuff in
I always use this brand. They fit so well on my baby girl.
Growing up my mother would prefer Pampers over any other brand so it's now my turn to give them a try! After 3 siblings and no complains!
No leaks . Great snug fit and perfect for all night long wear.
I love the idiot proof line that changes color that's excellent for first time mommas like me. :)
Keeps my baby dry all night without having to wake her to change at night.
The best diapers for my little one. They don't leak. Great fit and soft!
My son had a highly sensitive stomach and had a lot of blowout diapers. We tried countless brands of diapers and Pampers were the only ones that helped contain the mess!
When we first had our son, we were given Pampers Swaddlers in the hospital for him. As silly as it sounds, for a new, first time mom, the wetness indicator was so helpful to know when he had wet them, and the velcro tab were great for when we didn't get the positioning right the first time. 7 weeks later, we're still using Swaddlers on our son!
I bought Pampers Newborn Swaddlers since that's what the hospital used. They work great but I wanted to try some less expensive options. I tried store brand and an eco-friendly variety. They worked OK but I found that I really needed to use Pampers at night so my baby could sleep better. I believe they're more absorbent, so they keep the baby more comfortable.
One week old and pampers have not leaked! Awesome!
We used pampers swaddlers for the first month or so after my son was born because that is what the hospital provided. When we tried switching brands to a save money we found that competing brands either had poor absorbency or gave our son rashes (or both). Overall a good value for the money.
Price is the highest of other brands, however due to skin issues this has been the most effective for our needs. I have never experienced a leak using swaddlers sensitive and will continue to use this product.
These are the only diapers my son does not leak through.
I'v used pampers swaddlers on my daughter ever since she joined our family. They come in all sizes from new born an up. The pampers swaddlers have a great absorbent features and the way they your child's bottom they are virtually leak proof. I soaked a pampers swaddlers size 1 diaper In hot water for about ten minutes an it swelled up to a good size but after I took it out of the water it didn't leak hardly any at all an stayed warm for a good amount of time. Works great for a warm wrap for a baby with a belly ache. I highly recommend these diapers. They are awesome.
Exorbs real well and keeps baby's bottom dry preventing possible rash
Love the stretch in the waist, great at absorbing, it does swell significantly though and cause a notable odor when wet over luvs for instance.
I love how soft these diapers are! They are perfect for newborns.
We have been very happy with swaddlers, keeps my son dry, and have not had issues with leaking. Also they are soft and durable.
I have always used Swaddlers diapers with both of my babies, and absolutely love them! They fit easily, and they have a great leakage protection. Also, the wetness indicator is always a plus to have, especially for moms on the go! I recommend Pampers Swaddlers to anyone...you'll never switch diapers again!
The moisture strip is a great tool..
Now daddy has no excuse as to not knowing when to change the baby's diaper :) ...pure genius! The fit is also great, i wish you had a box in the new born size that brought more than 88 diapers.
Really like that pampers offers sizes from premie and up. Having a little one that needs premie diapers is difficult when not all brands sell them that small but pampers premie diapers work very well.
I love papers swaddlers, especially for the first month after my daughter was born. However, she is now six weeks old and the diapers do not keep her 'very dry.
Good diaper! Kids use it at daycare a lot! I have used a lot of different diapers at the daycare and these have to be the best!
Stays dry for long periods of time. They fit my child perfectly.
These are by far my favorite diapers. The material is soft and light, and there are extra tabs of material on the sides so that the velcro strap isn't up against my son's skin. My son is a big baby, 15 lbs at 12 weeks, and has a chubby belly, and these have been the best fit all along the way. I tried more inexpensive options like Kirkland, Huggies, Luvs, but nothing fit as well as Swaddlers. I am not sure how they would do through an entire night because I still do one or two changes at night and they are definitely in need of changing, but my son has had less diaper rashes in these than the others. I think the material breathes better.
great quality but the price is high compairing to other daipers like Traget or babies R Us brand names.
First time mom. Swaddlers have been great for our little one!
pampers has improved much since I was a new mom. Now as a grandmother, this is the disposable of choice!
We love these diapers. We tried huggies diapers and they didn't work out very well. They leaked (up her back) when she would lay flat on her back, so we would end up having to change her clothes AND her diaper several times throughout the night. The strip on the front of the pampers diapers doesn't always change color to indicate when it's wet, but the absorbency and lack of leakage makes up for it. We're pampers fans all the way!
I love these for newborns. They are so soft on delicate skin.
While it's easy to use in terms of set up and such, the blue line is too sensitive.
Diapers are very soft. You don't really need the blue wetness indicator because there's a chemical smell when baby pees.
Pampers Swaddlers diapers are a great fit for my family in terms of both quality and price. The diapers prevent most blow-outs, which in the end saves time (cleaning up messes) and money (by needing less frequent diaper changes). The design is fantastic and and fits snugly on my little girl. Well worth the money.
We received a free sample pack of Pampers newborn swaddlers during our hospital stay. We are very pleased with the quality and softness of the diaper. they are very absorbent and do not leak like other brands we have tried. i will continue to use the swaddlers as my baby grows.
I really love the swaddlers !! super soft and strong at the same time and fit great to my twins!!!
We like that these diapers have the blue stripe that appears when wet.
The swaddlers are great for newborn babies because they fit nicely and have the indicator for wetness. From my experiences, newborns are much more susceptible to diaper rash and this product is great for grandparents/caregivers to recognize that the baby needs changing.
My little guy never fusses or lets me know when he's wet. The wetness indicator on the swaddlers has been a great help to let me know when he needs a change.
We love these diapers because they are soft, stay dry, and have the wetness indicator! The indicator is very helpful on busy days, because we don't have to take baby to a changing station only to find she wasn't wet -- we only need to check for a blue stripe! They're also great at keeping baby dry overnight, since they suck moisture away from her body. They come nice and high on her back and belly to help avoid leaks in the front or back, too.
Swaddlers were the diapers use by the hospital I delivered at. They are great diapers, but I think the Pampers Dry are just as effective and cost a little less, but I will admit I love the wetness indicator on these one.
The fit is wonderful for trim babies, which is my number one criteria. The absorbency is good, but there are other diapers on the market that hold more and keep our baby's skin dry to the touch. However, we typically change diapers every 2-3 hours, so we have no problem with the amount of absorbency most of the time. Even on occasions when we go four hours or more, they never leak but are just very full and our baby's skin is moist. Overall, Swaddlers are one of our favorites.
just looking for what to use for my little one, got this product and I love it good absorbent quality and fit.
Have tried many different brands, and Pampers Swaddlers has to be one of the best, with other brands we would have accidents but nope Pampers Swaddlers is a brand i can count on!
Pamper's Swaddlers are fool proof! With a great, comfortable fit and Wet Indicator Line my baby is happy in these diapers no matter who changes him. These are my favorite diapers to send with my son when he is in the care of family or baby sitters because they offer great fit and coverage and with the indicator line there is no guess work, it's easy to tell when he needs to be changed and that gives me peace of mind!
These diapers absorb really well and my baby always feels dry
My son is 4 lbs and 6 oz and these are the only diapers that seem to fit him and not leak around his little legs. I have exchanged all of the other diapers that to received at my shower to purchase this brand exclusively.
These worked really well to protect against leaking!
I had a diaper raffle for my baby shower. I got a mix of diapers between Huggies, white cloud, luvs and pampers. I have used all of them and I prefer pampers. They fit better, no leaks over night (my daughter sleeps 12 hours a night). Just an excellent diaper to have in the house.
my baby was born four weeks early and some how her skin was peeling on her butts I wanted to buy softest diaper for her & pampers swaddler Diapers were the best choice :)
First time mom, so I've been trying different brands and styles to see which diapers we prefer. I like the Pampers Swaddlers because they fit our newborn son well and didn't leak. He grew out of the newborn size fairly quickly though, and we moved up to Swaddlers size 1 and have been pleased so far. His skin is sensitive, like all new babies, and he has not broken out/reacted.
Pampers swaddlers diapers have a great fit and are extra absorbent. The only detail I do not like is the inside liner. For both of my kids, the diaper seems to stick to their skin.
I love the wet line indicator on swaddlers. I missed it when my son upgraded to sizes above 2 and the indicator line was no longer there. I found it helpful.
The pampers swaddlers fit my baby so well. We have tried other brands, but pampers (specifically the swaddlers) have been the most absorbent. They are the best for those big blow outs and rarely, if ever leak. I love the wetness indicator as it is a quick way for me to check her diaper for this busy mom. We feel comfortable buying this brand.
We really like Pampers! They are very comfortable for our toddler that is running all over the place. They have no leakage at night, and our daughter likes the characters on the diapers.
I love how soft Pampers Swaddlers are. I don't want anything rough against my baby's skin and these are as soft as can be.

Not only are they soft but they're also absorbent and keep my baby dry!
I've been a happy customer, from my son's birth we been using pampers brand. we started with pampers sensitive then we went on to pampers swaddlers diapers ...very good products .no rash issues etc. it absorbs great if u change ur baby as often as I do .
Fit perfectly baby!
Good absorbency but a little dry on baby skin!
used these starting with my newborn and he's now 8 months. the wetness indicator is very helpful. also sizing is key to prevent blowouts!
Good diapers, although my baby wakes up wet in the morning at times.
I like the pampers swaddlers the best, because they are really absorbent. Only have occasional problems with bowel leaks when it is very runny and there is a lot of it. I love the wetness indicator although I can usually tell by feel if the diaper is wet. It gets very puffy.
Our baby was born at 26 weeks. It was very hard to find items small enough to accommodate her needs. The hospital provided her with pampers, fitting her tiny size. I had never seen diapers of this size and was shocked to see they weren't a makeshift diaper made because of her size. They were truly a Pampers made diaper. Having to fold them at the waist for awhile they stayed durable and functional, keeping our newborn comfortable, dry and so precious in her extremely small pampers diaper. We kept a few for her baby book and show n' tell!
I love the pampers swaddlers. They are absorbent and fit my baby great. The only thing I would change is I would like them to be a little softer.
I used pampers swaddlers when my daughter was a newborn i loved how great they fit her and how well everything got kept in. I definitely recommend to everyone that is trying to find a good diaper for their baby.
We have been using the Swaddlers since our son was born. These were the diapers they gave us in the hospital and even the nurses loved them. I love that they absorb wetness quickly and have the indicator on the front. I also like the stretch sides that reach around front and I can fasten his diaper with a more secure fit.
We used Pampers Swaddler diapers for my little one till she turned 18 months or so. The indicator was a great help especially when my husband had to change her. The only way he could tell was with the green line. It kept my little one dry for few hrs, which was awesome.
Pampers swaddlers keep my little one dry throughout the night. The color changing strip is great, you can always tell right away if a diaper change is required.
The fit is good and there were no leaks when i used this product.
It's very soft and its absorbency is great! The baby feels comfort.
great quality as usual i love it i recommend it for mommy and babies easy on babies
Not the least expensive, but we haven't had leakage problems with these like we had with other brands.
Never had any leakage with these! Baby Loves them!
Pampers Swaddlers are one of my FAVORITE diapers for my baby! She rarely wakes up for bum changes at night, and these are the ONLY diapers to hold everything until morning!
Pricier than many but they work the best. A nice perk is the yellow line that changes to blue when wet/dirty.
Pampers Swaddlers are one of my FAVORITE diapers for my baby! She rarely wakes up for bum changes at night, and these are the ONLY diapers to hold everything until morning!
The hospital used this brand. We've bounced around between several, and these ones hold up against the competition.
as a first time Mom i really liked the easy use of the swaddlers. and the blue line when wet was a great learning tool
These seem to be comfortable for her and they do keep her dry, which we both like!
These are great diapers because they are good quality, Definitely alittle pricey though. For the first few weeks of my babys life, swaddlers were what we used contantly. I think they are good for kids with sensitive skin also because of the material
I was given a bunch of the Pampers Swaddlers at my baby shower and they work incredibly. They keep baby dry, hold everything in through the night, and fit my daughter so well that she rarely leaks through. My only complaint is that they're on the high side as far as price goes, but after trying more affordable brands, we quickly learned that you get what you pay for! Love the Swaddlers!
after gift card the price as alright but there are many better prices out there.
shipping was fast :-)
These diapers go to fast they stay wet on the bottom
I've used Pampers Swaddlers with my infant. Compared to the Baby Dry diapers, I do prefer the feel of the Swaddlers. However, the Baby Dry diapers absorb and contain wetness much better for my child.
I used swaddlers when my son was an infant Once he started drinking more they would leak easily.
My sons diapers always leaked out and didn't have a absorbant fit to it.
Pampers are a good diaper, however, after trying several other brands, I have tried others with the same quality but a much cheaper price tag. If I wasn't a stay at home mom, I'd love to keep my kids in Pampers, but I am and I have to buy cheaper.
I started loving Pampers. It was given to us when we were in the hospital and we continued using it after. Over the months, we noticed that new versions of the product keep getting released and every new version was thinner and leaked more. I got frustrated and switched brands. The "other" brand has started doing the same thing. Maybe I need to give up on the two leading products and try the 3rd option!
These diapers work wonderfully and keep my son dry. He has used these off and on since he was a newborn and he is now 5 months old. I personally prefer Pampers Sensitive as they fit a little better on my son and have no scent, but these swaddlers are more economical for those who rely more heavily on that. Also, I use these swaddlers or the sensitive for the day only and pampers extra protection for overnight. Since switching to the extra protection ones, my son has ceased waking up in the middle of the night as a full diaper stays as is and has not leaked!
I like these. They fit my baby well and keeps him dry with no leaks.
I do like Pampers Swaddlers better than the normal Pampers babydry diapers, but overall I don't like Pampers in general. Everytime you check a diaper, it ALWAYS feels wet. If its a little bit or alot it always feels full when you feel it from the outside.
easy fit and good absorbency. even when full my baby does not seem to mind it .
I love pampers diapers but swaddlers did not work well for my son. I prefer the baby dry line.
I love this brand itself. We have used them since day 1 and love the way the diapers fit and the wipes are awesome. They never dry out and that's perfect for our little one.
I was told to get pampers swaddlers and I followed that advice and I was at first disappointed. I used the newborn diaper and it leaked almost every time I used them. I then started using the size 1 and they were wonderful. My son was 8 Lbs 7 oz so I believe that he was simply too big for the newborn diapers. I would definitely recommend this product as long as the size fits!
I have always been a big fan of Pampers in general. I enjoy the Swaddlers specifically, because the line can be useful in determining if my child has peed or not. It is completely useless if she has pooped though, which is the downside. For the most part, this product doesn't leak, but there are times when they have proven otherwise, Overall, great product though, with some minor issues.
Swaddlers are great for the first time parent. There is the the color coded urine line that lets you know when the infant needs to be change, which is frequent.
The newborn and the size 1's are great for the new babies and as they are growing.
What I found was that once we got into size 2's that the overnight protection and leakage was a hugh factor especially since my lil guy sleeps on his belly. He would wake up every morning with the front of his PJ's soaked. Not great for the skin, not to mention stinky.
I love these diapers,but on the box said bonus 6 free diapers inside and there were none in there. The reason I bought this pack was to get those free diapers.I hope pampers can check future packages.
Most people enjoy swaddlers for the blue line I didn't quite care for them sense they didn't hold that much urine during bed time
Love the snuggling fit of the diaper & the overall softness of the diaper & how much it holds... but my BB's 1& 2 are quite explosive & therefore it leaks due to its snug fit. Though it bugs me more are the tabs... They don't detach easily from itself & have broke a few (therefore wasted diapers) just to get it off. If the tabs are improve (similar to Huggies), I'll reconsider future purchases
we got pampers for our baby shower gifts and we enjoyed the swaddlers. especially the ones that show when our baby had peed.
pampers are great diapers, i love baby dry .. they are amazing for overnight wetness protection for my little one!
I used Swaddlers till my baby was in size 2. At that time I noticed his clothes felt damp over the diaper.
Swaddlers are good but I like baby dry they are the same but a bit cheaper
Great diapers, but I have noticed that some batches differ in absorbency and dryness. I love pampers, my baby has used a dry baby, and swaddlers from day one. The fit is always great, like I said some things can be improved like the absorbency and dryness.
Most of all I love the comfortable fit of the swaddlers
First I really like the pampers wipes, it's really Awesome, it's dryness and smell last longer.
Then diapers, my little one is so comfortable in it. Thank you for your products.
Used these for my girls as newborns. They fit well - leaving plenty of room for th cord.
I enjoy pampers, especially the swaddlers for when my son was much younger.
I used the Swaddlers when my son was an infant. I loved the wetness line indicator, it was very convenient. The diaper did keep his blowout bowl movement intact, but overnight the diapers would leak in the front. I stopped using them because of this reason.
Great for non sensitive infants, and hard to find the sensitive swaddlers at local stores.
The diapers don't leak and the soft cover are great. I also like the indicator line so that helps with knowing when baby needs to be changed. I know they probably cost more to manufacture in this manner, but think there should be more in a packge
Great quality and very dependable. I will continue to use them.
Really liked the fit of them on our son, but I still think that some other brands absorb better and are cheaper than the swaddlers.
The bellybutton cutout was fantastic. The wetness indicator is great but occasionally it would not work on a diaper.The fit was always too loose around the legs and stool would leak out.
I really liked these diapers at first for when my little one was a newborn but as she gets older I feel like I need to change her way more often now. The other night she peed right through the diaper and soaked her clothes, i even changed her before bed and in the middle of the night.. good diapers for newborns and size 1..
Maybe my son pees a lot? Every other morning his urine has soaked through his diaper and into his sheets and clothes. We change him every night when we put him down but I have to wake him up in the middle of the night to change him again so his diaper doesn't leak.
These diapers fit great my girl is on the small side and they still didn't leak
Love this diaper..doesnt leak and fits well..and the wetness indicator is a plus
These diapers were very good aside from the fit. There was no give whatsoever on my son, it was very hard to achieve the right placement of the tapes so he was not uncomfortable.
I didn't much care for the swaddlers, the inside of them would stick to my baby anytime he peed. He didn't act like he was as comfortable as the baby dry.
We used these diapers when my daughter was newborn-size1. They are soft and fit snugly which is great, but we had several leaks with them. We switched to Cruisers which seem to work better for her little bum!
They definitely allow my child to move around and still fit very good.
I've been loyal to Pampers for both my chilren. My 3 year old only wore Pampers, and my 9 month old did up until last month.
He has frequent messy 'blowouts' in his diapers. We finally tried Huggies, and I have to say, I LOVE the fitted stretch elastic part on the back. He has had ZERO blowouts since we switched.
I am bummed out because I love Pampers, however the diapers themselves do not keep him clean when he goes #2. I wish I had switched to Huggies a lot sooner it would have saved on LOTS of stained clothes.
Don't get me wrong. I love Pampers diapers, the way they smell especially; but I am not satisfied with the size 1 up to 12 hrs protection. My 2 1/2 week old sleeps for an hour and when I pick him up to check him, he peed through diaper and onto his onsies. I had to buuy huggies since they are better for him. People told me to buy him size 2 diapers and when I did they were too big for him. The ones are a little big as well.
I love the way the diaper feels. Very soft on a delicate bottom. They work great throughout the day. But my baby since 3months old (now he's 4months) leaks through during the night and it would be a 4hr stretch. My daughter wore them for awhile when she was a baby and she never leaked.
good.............................................,...
All my points were 4 months expired at time of purchase
I liked these diapers when my daughter was in the Newborn size, however after that, I did not think they were worth the extra money, and I don't like how the material feels wet from the outside when the diaper is wet.
I have used these in the past off and on with my 4 children and these aren't as soft and cotton feeling as they use to be. Seems like they are more worried about using thinner material to save money while making the product when it use to be more about the quality of the diaper. Its not a bad diaper though just not up to the standard of the last couple of years in my opinion.
The price of pampers is very high so I don't buy them often. I would rather buy a little bit cheaper brand. I don't notice much of a difference between brands other than price.
Our baby boy used them when we first came home because that was the package the hospital gave us. However, he always managed to leak out the side or up his back every time we changed him. They didn't seem to fit him very well as a very small baby. At about 3 mos. they started to fit better and we didn't have as many leaks out the sides. The other thing we noticed was that they were priced the same as the pampers baby dry diapers and the huggies diapers, but there were at least 5 diapers less per package of the snugglers than the other leading brands.
The baby dry is a good overnight diaper. It is one of the few diapers she can wear all night and not wake up soaking wet. I would recommend this product for any mom.
This is a great diaper for newborns because when the diaper gets wet the liner wicks away moisture helping baby sleep better. The wetness indicator line its also helpful. The only thing i don't like about them is the lack of coverage by the hip area and if the diaper isn't high and tight enough you can have leakage aground the waist.
They would be way better if the price wasn't out of the roof.
Pampers Swaddlers are the best choice for newborn with extra sensitive skin
I love pampers swaddlers when my daughter was a new born. They were the perfect fit. However, I noticed that as she got older and movable, they were not a get fit and they were not as absorbent.For my 8 month old crawler, I would prefer pampers dry or cruisers.
I don't know what Pampers has done with the "new and improved" but the quality has gone down! I loved putting my first son in these diapers 3 years ago and they absorbed so well but with my second son now, I am disappointed. The diapers don't hold as well as they did before and feel cool on the outside when you touch them and they are wet. It gives the sensation to those holding the baby that they are wet because the urine leaked out. There are also less in each pack making it even less likely that I will continue to buy them once my supply runs out. I am glad I began to stock up with the older packs before I had the baby. Very disappointed this time around and will probably switch brands as soon as I run out of what I have now. The softness is still there which I love about pampers but the quality of absorption is not there anymore.
My daughter always woke up in the middle of the night with the swaddlers or the poo came out the back of them. I loved how they have the blue indicator but other than that I am not a fan. I really love the Cruisers Ultra and the Baby Dry but the Swaddlers don't do it for me.
These are great diapers and the only reason for an average rating is because of the smell. When my son urinates, the gel gets it and has a distinct smell.
I think these are pretty average diapers and they are a bit high too. I do still like some pampers products.
We love using the Pampers Cruisers during the day, but not so much during the night. They leak almost every time we lay little one down to sleep. We now switched to Pampers Baby Dry due to the absorbency and we haven't had any leaks.
I like pampers products I have been using them for about 7 yrs.
These diapers don't fit my baby as well as the Pampers dry. I tend to have frequent leaks, particulary when she has a bm.
Also, the quality of the last box left much to be desired. Many of the tabs were messed up, maybe during the manufacturing processing leaving them unusable. I could have still used the diaper if I got creative and used tape or something, but still very disappointing.
The only thing I like about them is the wetness indicator. I wish this was on the the Pampers dry diapers.
I used swaddlers when my daughter was an infant but now at 18 months i have switched over to cruisers as she is always on the run and needs extra dry support
Pampers swaddlers have been good for my son when he was a baby.
My baby is sleeping through the night and the pampers diaper don't stay dry!! They leak through... And are damp throughout the day even after only an hour between changes..
My twins were born 8 weeks early and these got them wonderfully and we had no leaks!
Pampers swaddlers are good diapers, however they fit my baby a little smaller than other pamper diapers
we bought a few of the newborn diapers cause of the notch for the bell button which was a great idea but she has peed out of them and pooped out of them 80% of the time so we tried size one with the same results i was hoping that they were going to work cause i liked pampers.
They rarely fit properly, either too tight or too loose. They don't absorb well, you will most likely be changing your little ones clothes overnight, they also leak even if only on for 2 hrs.
I love the affordability but I do think they need some work. There have been quite a few times my son has pooped out of them.
These were great for my daughter when she was a newborn, but around the 6 month range we had to start using the extra coverage night time diapers, because these couldn't hold up over night. She is now 9 months and graduated to Cruisers.
My LO soaks diapers, even when they were a newborn... I highly recommend the 12hr baby dry over these diapers -- I loved how snuggly soft they were, but the weren't the best with leak protection
Overall it's not that bad of a diaper. To me I felt it was average like most other diapers out there.
We have used swaddlers for both of our boys. I love how soft they are for when they are tiny babies. My first boy never had any issues with leaks, but my second manages to have a blowout about everyday. I'm not sure if it's him or the diaper, but we haven't tried a new brand yet.
Love love love the products always hold strong and no brakes
We used Pampers Swaddlers until our kids were about 8-9 months. They are great for little babies but tend to leak once your baby is on the move.
These diapers were ok when my baby was born. Now she is 5 months, and they tend to leak a little more and they don't keep her as dry. Pampers Baby Dry are much better in my opinion.
I have three amazing children and have always purchased Pampers and nothing else for them. I like the Swaddlers, but not as much as the Baby Dry. I feel like the Swaddlers are not as soft and comfy as they used to be. I just had a baby girl on March 26th and used the Swaddlers for a small amount of time. I switched over to the Baby Dry diapers and love the way they fit my daughter. They are soft, flexible and don't seem bulky. I love Pampers and will continue to recommend them and use them. I just feel like the Swaddlers were not as soft as they used to be!
I liked these when my son was a newborn but now that he's older I prefer the baby dry diapers.
For this age,I personally prefer the nature line,which is the ones with dry net inside.
My baby does have numerous accidents where the diapers don't absorb the stool, therefore causing her clothes to soil.
I bought pampers swaddlers for my Son, but he kept wetting the bed, the side part of the diapers stretch out too easily, before he even get to wet it most of the time I got piles of diapers he didn't even wet but it's stretch out and my Son is very tiny, but other than that it's a good product very soft and I love the color changing indicator, it just need a little improvement on the side to increase the elasticity and it will be perfect.
I've always had a great experience with Pampers and have used them on my toddler since she was a newborn.
Good diapers although they are a little pricey for me
I love pampers for my daughter when she was born in 2011 and it was the only diaper I used for her. Fit her nicely, rarely had leaks. Now I have a son and I feel that the fit is a little different and leaks sometimes. Overall I would still choose pampers over most brands.
Swaddlers are ok diapers. The issue I had was they seem to either stick to baby's skin or leave lint on skin. I do like the fit of them and they are definitely soft, but they aren't my preference for diapering.
I love these especially for a newborn so you can tell they're wet. But for around 5 months & up id say use the pampers BabyDry instead. But all in all great product n I love Pampers. It's the only brand I use n trust.
Pampers looks very good. Pampers wipes are very soft for cleaning.
I like the pampers product, however, it didn't always fit my little boy but it is ok now... he stays dry overnight (very important) and doesn't experience diaper rash like with some of the other products.
I am using for my baby . And it's perfect. No complaints.
Pamper is good for my newborn baby.it is good. Like to use it for long time
We bought these diapers this time around. The diapers are extra soft and gentle of our baby's skin. They fit nice and snug. These diapers need to be more absorbent for overnight.
Its a decent diaper. It has a pretty good fit and nice absorbency.
Not leak free, but liked the fit of it, I like baby dry better
The fit is as expected and the absobency is average for overnight.
The swaddlers are great for newborns but I would recommend getting a higher absorbency diaper when they are older, after about 3 months, these became too weak. I was constantly having leak issues, switched to baby dry and haven't had even half of the issues I was having before. Overall, still a good diaper.
Pampers swaddlers are the softest and best diapers that I have used for my son.
I like the wipes . Diapers seem to do hold up okay
I like to use pampers the price for the amount of diapers are expensive and usually makes me but other brands.
I loved the swaddlers diapers at the beginning, the softness of the diaper and the color changing indicator was important to track if my baby was eating enough (as I was breast feeding) - Unfortunately after week 2, we had frequent poopy blot outs, the waist would frequently leak out the back of the diaper, all over clothes and seat when baby was laying on her baby or sitting in her bouncer, swing or car seat. changing to a bigger size did not help either. The price was high and I didn't expect this design flaw. They were good at keeping baby's skin dry though and She never had a diaper rash for the many months she used these diapers!
I have used many types of diapers and I overall love the fit of pampers and the leak guards. However once my baby was over 2 months old I couldn't continue to use the swaddlers, she would wake up often in the night and would cry at even the slightest of wetness.
left the hospital in pampers and have been happy since. They tend to get squishy fast and you tend to change baby more often (which I'm sure is intentional). They hold up well except for my tummy sleeper.
My baby used to wear baby dry then my husband wanted to try swaddlers and ordered them. I did not have any problem until I notice little pieces of gel on my babys skin. It happend twice until I finish 160 pack. I am going back to baby dry.
Great. No leaking. Very happy with product. Was a first time mom and had no clue how to choose a diaper but was very impressed with pampers.
Love everything about pampers swaddlers, EXCEPT how easily and frequently the adhesive tabs just snap off of diaper while putting on baby. Nothing is more frustrating than paying more for name brand diapers and having to throw several unused diapers because the tab snapped off.
I've only used pampers products for my daughter. I love cruisers the most. In one of my packs I got a chance to try swaddlers because of samples. They were pretty close to cruisers but with a softer feel on the outside. Either choice is a good one.
Good product just wish the diapers came in half sizes
Pampers are a great diaper. They absorb very well and are fitted where it does not leak, but also where my son is able to move around comfortably.
Swaddlers diapers are ok if your baby is not moving around yet, but in the bigger sizes, they don't seem to fit very well. Once the baby starts crawling around they seem to get bunched up.
I like the Swaddlers but I LOVE the Baby Dry diapers and prefer them instead. When the Swaddlers get full it looks very bulky on my baby and I can also smell the scent of urine. The Swaddlers are much appropriate for newborns. For babies in sizes 2 & up, not so much. Nonetheless, I love everything Pampers! My son was a premie and in the NICU, the hospital only uses this brand. And Pampers are the only brand to make the Ps (premie) diapers. I loved those little diapers!! So when he came home I continued to use Pampers. Thank u for this wonderful brand! :)
The absorbency is poor at times she wakes up wet from where she leaked through her pjs
The thing that I love the most about swaddlers diapers is the smell they have the most freshest smell.
I like baby dry but compared to swaddlers they are missing the helpful dryness indicator. They are confusing as to which way is front and back. Also are not as efficient at keeping baby dry as swaddlers. Price is a little high, although cheaper then swaddlers. You get what you pay for.
Love the diapers only brand i use and the wipes are okay
I kinda like them. But since I use the cruisers more, the fit is just not the same.
No leaks, baby stays dry and wetness indicator is a life saver. Don't have to take the whole diaper off to check for wetness.
Swaddlers are OK, but the other brand fits my chubby babies better through size 2. After that, Pampers work the best for us.
I like the color changing indicator and the cord notch, very handy. I would totally recommend to a family member or friend!
I started using the swaddlers while my son was in the NICU he weighed only 3.5lbs & they worked great at first but he very quickly out grew these diapers absorbency. I had purchased several boxes because they said they would fit up to 6lbs. They stopped being absorbent enough at less than 5 pounds, even though he was getting changed at least every 2 hours at his feeding & sometimes more :/ Bummer on that end but they are a good material & I would recommend them to friends just with the warning if you have a heavy wetter they might not be enough.
I've been using pampers since day 1. Out of all of the diapers in the pampers line, I still love the baby dry brand on my daughter. You get more in the package which is worth the money. Pampers aren't cheap in price diapers and it was a huge disappointment that they lowered their diaper and wipes count and upped the price. That alone makes me second guess switching brands. I do love pampers very much! But with trying some of their other types like cruisers, swaddlers etc, I can honestly say the baby dry work best for my daughter in the leakage department. I definitely recommend pampers to friends etc, but every baby is different and therefore you have to explore each type of diaper with your child. One diaper on one child is not the same effect or will likely meet the same needs for the next. All babies are different. Luckily there are choices in types within brands. But with the swaddlers, they leaked terrible for my daughter.
The swaddlers were great for my newborn, up to size 3. Once she hit size 3, these would not hold her overnight. She was waking up, soaked through her sleeper. I now use Cruisers during the day, and Extra Dry overnight Pampers for bedtime.
I have two year old twins. I put them to bed at 8pm. Went back to check on them at 10pm there onies were soaked.
As a recent mom of 2 I have to say where this i what they use in hospital you get it ingrained in your mind these are the best or what you must buy at home. Especially first time moms. With my daughter this was sort of true as there was no other real alternative for newborns. With my son I see the faults. They swell up bad when wet the cord cutout is to high had to roll it under in the front anyway, the mesh liner inside separates from the rest when wet and rubs off all diaper creams.No leaks though and the are soft.
The new-born diapers Swaddlers worked well but did not do well with his umbilical cord it was very unconvertible for him every time the diaper hit it he would cry I think if it had a U shape in the fount it would have been better we ended up giving the diapers away because of it.
This product is decent. I love the wet indicator! However my son does leak out the sides at times :-/
They are good for during day but leak overnight. Would recommend pampers baby dry.
I like using pampers but I wish the back of the diaper had ruching so that it would hold her bowel movement in from coming out the back of the diaper.
Pampers does a great job. I use them for my kiddos
Our nights are quiet because of the absorption of this pampers swaddlers to our baby. Keep it up!
Got these diapers at my baby shower and love them. Pampers has great quality and wouldn't use anything else for my little one
These diapers were good for newborn & some of size one but not for long. My daughter is apparently a heavy wetter because they always leak!
I find the fit of the swaddlers is not cut for an infant. I prefer Baby Dry.
Best of all in they can last all night witg out having to change a diper
This is a wonderful product I use all the time on my little girl. No messes
Fits great and so soft on baby's skin. We love using pampers it's extremely absorbent.
I used these with my daughter when she was born and she would leak all the time and I tried using them again now that she's 16 months and they still leak like crazy. Love the diaper just wish they would hold more
Overall is an OK product. Even I loved the color changing wetness indicator, it didn't seem to fit my baby as well as the other Pamper style I'm currently using. Hopefully in a near future they will make ALL styles under the same brand have the wet diper indicator
My daughter is 4 months old, we have been using Pampers Swaddlers since the day she was born. She is only 13 pounds but has bigger legs, so we moved to a size two because size ones were getting to small. The diapers are very absorbent when it comes to liquid, but they will no longer hold any of her dirty diapers, you would think she had went a lot, but not hardly. I've had to do multiple loads of laundry the last few days, hoping it was a rare occurrence, but it's not, every time she has a dirty diaper it comes out. Maybe they are to big for her even though the package size says not, I'm not to sure, but I will have to go and get another diaper brand unfortunately.
Didnt keep my baby dry throughout the night. Great fit..not as absorbent.
These pampers are affordable and great for the baby
I loved these diapers for my daughter when she was a new born. They are so soft! Perfect for sensitive bums. My husband loved the wetness indication line.
I've always bought Pampers diapers for my babies. However, with my newest infant, we recently purchased a bad batch of Newborn Swaddlers. Nearly the entire box had a defect concerning the right side tab on 90% of the diapers. It was incredibly frustrating to be up in the middle of the night, changing a newborn, and right when I'm finishing up notice that the diaper can't be fitted properly. Then I'd have to go digging through the box for one without the defect! Diapers are pricey and I feel like the entire purchase was wasted. Again, frustrating. I'm afraid I might encounter the same issue with the next box but since I've always had such a positive experience with Pampers, this one incident won't sway me to another brand. I just wish there was a way to receive a refund for the defective box!
We bought a lot of Pampers before our first born arrived. I am not sure if it's the diaper itself, or possibly its just not the diaper for his body shape, but we are struggling. We constantly get leaks, which are a huge hassle. We are going to try another brand to see if that clears up the issue.
than other brands i use. I use better diapers that don't leak I just keep it a secret. I bought them recently because I was traveling and wasn't near the store i usually buy my diapers from. these swaddlers leaked quicker than mine. and I don't leave my kids in wet diapers more than 1 hr and half bc I want my kids to be comfortable. Wish I could leave a better review because they do smell good, show the line when they get wet and are cute with sesame street characters and plus thery're one solid color white unlike the ones I use.
I've been using these diapers on my newborn, after trusting Pampers for my 3.5 year old child who is now potty trained. They've added a new mesh liner to these diapers, and it sticks to my newborns skin, no matter how frequently I change her diaper, unless she is slathered in Vaseline first. I'm disappointed and would not recommend, though we may try baby dry or a different pampers diaper because the fit and the design are otherwise right for us.
I was disappointed with the quality. The tabs kept tearing off. Around half of the diapers the tabs ripped off.
With my 1st kid I never really used any pampers products However I would like to give pampers a try with my 2nd expecting kid
I have mixed opinions on the pampers swaddlers diaper we use for our baby.The positives are it has great absorbency for urine.It has good air cirulation.The negatives are we have experienced lot of stool leakage and the fit is not proper
I tried swaddler diapers with my breast-fed newborn. I had heard they were the best, but I quickly hated them. My daughter had small BM's every diaper change (due to breast feeding). When I did not get to the change the diaper right away (due to naps, etc.), the BM would dry to the netting of the diaper. I had to peel away the netting from my newborn's bottom, as it was stuck to her! I hated doing that to her!
I tried swaddlers again with my 1 year old son and loved them! Since he was no longer have dirty diapers around the clock, the BM did not dry to his bottom. The diaper kept his bottom dry and he was very comfortable.
I would recommend these diapers for an older child, however not for a breast-fed infant.
I used the Pampers brand with my first baby and loved how they fit and didn't leak out like Huggies. Now that I use it with my second she leaks out a lot, I wake up to a soaked baby
good...............................................
Loved the product , but prefer pampers sensitive diapers for my daughters skin!
I love this kind of pampers because they advice me when my baby is wet
The swaddlers run small for the size my son is to be in, it's helps when he's smaller but then is an issue when he reaches the weight limit. Otherwise he does great with these and has no leaking!
I never once seen the option for choosing a HUGE box or BONUS PACK.! Assuming most would like to have the bonus pack that automatically thats what I'd receive seeing that there was no option as I proceeded through checkout. Low and behold my package arrived and it doesn't seem to me like it's even a HUGE box but just a regular standard size. Be careful not to make the same mistake and assume when you purchase this item.
Love the pamper swaddlers. They kept my baby dry all night long
These diapers are great! I would recommend them to anyone!
very good product. highly recommended to everyone. good product
I bought these because my son is horrible about letting us change him. I thought they would be helpful in knowing when he needs to be changed and when he doesn.t My son was always wetting through these diapers. The line would say that he was barely wet, but he would be soaked through the diaper and his clothing. They were even worse at night. In other pampers he is always able to be set though the night, however, with the swaddlers, he would be soak though after only a few hours. I will continue to use pampers, however, I will not use this kind.
Love the soft comfortable fit, but the diaper tends absorb more and "fluff up." So, it's better for newborns I feel. Over night is defiantly not a good idea, they always leak, I always feel I have to change my son twice as much, it's not in my pocket to cash out.
I have never had a problem with my little girl pooping out of her diaper, till I got these. I always make sure the little ruffles by her legs are set so that will not happen but always in these it seems to happen. The other pampers (baby dry) work 100% better.
will some how it leaks some times when my baby used it
These are average diapers.
Nothing too special. There isn't even a clean baby fresh scent.
When wet, they just smell like hot waste!
I was a Pampers baby and was excited to try them on my son. They were ok if didn't have bowl movement. Once he had a bowl movement he would blow through the diaper. It did not mater if it was a small or large bowl movement he would still blow through the sides of the diaper. I was very sad they didn't hold up for my son. I later heard pampers work on girls and not on boys. :(
Poor absorbency and always going through the diaper ruining clothes
I have used only Swaddlers with my baby birth to 3 months and loved it and did not try any other brand: it fits well and absorbs well except night time. However, Swaddlers cannot stop dipaer blowouts whatsoever. When my baby defecates, diaper has little and most of it goes to my babys back and bodysuit. Pampers need elastic on the back to stop the leaks. If it has elastic stopper and stop the leak, then it would be the ideal diaper for all of our diapering needs. Unfortunately, I switched to another brand with elastic stopper on the back since i cannot take any more changing and washing baby clothes every time my Baby defecates and then showering the baby and changing my clothes too since it leaks on my clothes as well if i am holding my baby and matress sheets and blanket if my baby was lying down.
The swaddlers now feel wet from the outside touch. It is like they are so absorbant and good at wicking moisture from the baby but that moisture goes out the outside of the diaper. Wish they were made the way they were three years ago when we had our first child
Diapers worked well at first however as my son grew, these diapers weren't holding in the poo and his belly was wet every morning. I prefer cruisers for daytime use.
These diapers were a real disappointment! Specially compared to swaddlers... I would not buy again
Pampers Swaddlers are good diapers. They only negative thing I can say is sometimes the netting like material in the diaper sticks to my baby, even when we use Vaseline. Other than that they are great. Super soft and absorbs quickly while locking it away.
I think these run bigger than usually. Everything I use them on my daughter they seem to be to big where she pees out the side . I think they run bigger. So next time I will buy a size smaller than what she wears. As for absorbance they are great .
I do not like Pampers Swadlers because every time my son wore then he leaked. EVERY time.
I have tried the Pampers Swaddlers in both newborn and size 1 and I do not like either. I have a boy and both seem to leak very easily. I do recommend Pampers Baby Dry.
As soon as my little one tinkles I have to immediately change the diaper. As little wet makes this diaper feel soaked. Not the best buy.
Don't like this product due to it not holding anything when it comes to a diaper change but my son is allergic to everything else.
Love pampers diapers and wipes, but swaddlers I was not impressed with. I couldn't stand the smell the diapers would get when my son would go in them. I will continue to use baby dry diapers instead!
As much as I love the wipes, the diapers are not for me. I find the absorbent beads on my sons skin with diaper changes.
Pampers Baby Dry worked for my daughter up until she turned 1-yrs-old. I had to give the Pamper's Baby Dry a low rating because recently my sleep has been interrupted due to my daughter's over saturated diaper. I am so confused as to why they are called Baby Dry when they can't withstand 4 hrs of sleep...

However, I recently discover Pampers makes a sleep version & hopefully they stand up to their name. I will consider their night time pamper line as well as diapers outside of the pampers brand.
Overall my main issue with the pampers is absorbency and dryness. I have to change my son three to four times in the middle of the night or else It will soak threw. Yet with the othe brand I have tried he only requires to be changed twice. But they fit my premie son better than the other premie brands.
Pampers was good before but now these diapers keep the inside dry and wets everything outside. My baby's dress and whatever she sits on gets wet within 3-4 hours of changing her into new diaper. The outside material of what pampers is made is not good. It starts leaking after a while. 12 hours of protection is so wrong. I need to change the mattress sheet everyday. Her dress smells horrible every morning. Please improve this and also the fitting at the back. There should an elastic at the back too for a much better fit. The number of diapers which we used to get before has also decreased now. Otherwise pampers is good.
Recently I have been experiencing pampers diapers adhesive tabs to be tearing from the diapers. Out of a case that I recently opened I have had this happen to at least six.
these diapers fail to contain my 6 month olds BMs.
The wetness indicator works well but they do not hold in messes--it comes out the legs and back. Part of this may be because it does not have a gather in the back so they do not stay against baby's back. Not impressed for the price.
I have tried a lot of diapers throughout the last 9 months, and have had many issues with "blowouts" out the back of my daughter's diapers. I seem to have this issue consistently with Pampers Swaddlers due to the back of the diaper being completely open no matter how tight I wrap the diaper around the waist. This has caused many ruined outfits, and changing table linens. It's very frustrating! Although this is a major issue, Swaddlers are very soft and do keep my daughter dry during the night. However, I no longer purchase Swaddlers due to the price being higher than Pampers Baby Dry, and Swaddler's just seem to have a bad fit on my daughter. I would recommend to others with caution of blowouts and not having a good fit.
These diapers are ok. I have a heavier baby and the waist part is a bit tight and they always leak. I love the wipes though.
I know. I know. Everyone loves the Swaddlers, but they just didn't work for our daughter. She peed out of them on a regular basis, day and night.
The pamper swaddlers r awesome but they r rough on the inside so if u have a very sensitive baby I would use the 12 hour ones or pampers sentitive
There is a mesh liner & it seems great in theory. If my daughter wets, it holds the liquid away from her tushy & keeps her more comfortable.
But, if she dirties her diaper, the mesh liner catches it & it smushes the solid into her. If I had a boy, it would be less of an issue. I am concerned about infections in my little girl.
I have a little boy and he pees through the sides and the top almost every time. I'm not sure how they fit girls but they need to fix the design for boys or make specific diapers for boys and girls. Definitely need more padding.
I use pampers products, however I feel that swaddlers are very overrated. I get 20 more diapers in a box of baby dry and they keep my little guy dryer at night. I also feel the fit isn't as great, they are pretty big and my baby is 13 lbs.
I been using Pampers swaddlers and baby dry on my two daughters for the past 3 years. The swaddlers works great on newborn and size 1 after that I changed to baby dry for size 2, 3, 4 & 5. I been having several accident with size 3 baby dry that opens between the legs and all the material from inside comes out all over the place so I decided to go back to swaddlers. Not a good choice cause the don't absorb as they been advertise. In my opinion and experience Pampers Swaddlers are great for smaller kids that don't urinate as much or not big amount. I feel I am overpaying for something that is no good or just like any other ordinary diaper in the market.
I don't like these diapers only because after one time going potty, it seemed like my daughter's diaper was super wet. It would hang. I prefer baby dry over swaddlers.
Good value. My daughter feels comfortable and they rarely leak.
I used to trust Pampers diapers, but with my newborn, we have gone thru several packs of swaddlers, and they have consistently leaked. I have checked the fit but it isn't due to misplacement. Other brands haven't had this issue.
The tabs on the side (which enable you to close the diaper) are poorly made. I've had too many rip and make the diaper useless. Poor quality!
