This is an excellent buy for the money . The things I like are the following

1. The components are made by Sony television
2. Freeze picture feature
3. If you have DIRECTV use code # 10111 this turns on and off volume ( Its a Sony code)
4. Swivel stand rotates approximately 30 degrees each way.
5. QAM tuner which is great for those who use Over The Air Antenna ( QAM pulls in more channels )Excellent Value
I bought this TV b/cuz I was tired of my old one. I was a lil skeptic b/cuz of the brand name. I did some research & found out SCEPTRE brand has been around since 1984. I checked out how they have advance in making computer Monitors to TV's ... LCD...LED..HD & 3D TV's. After reading the walmart.com reviews I couldn't pass up the price. Shipping 2the store was free, fast & easy. Installation was a breeze even with hooking up my X-1 platform xfinity cable box, DVD player & the picture was so pretty I decided to connected my computer with a Belkin F3X1982-10 VGA/UXGA Monitor Cable to the TV (I eventually put it on my wall) b/cuz the picture was so B.E.A.utiful. If you are thinking about buying a different brand name TV just b/cuz of the name... please don't!!!!! Save your $$$ you will be impressed with this one. GREAT BUY!!!!!!PICTURE PERFECT Since 12.31.11 Purchase date
For the price this is an exceptional value. Picture and setup are very good. Warranty and shipping excellent. Overall features and set up excellent. Would recommend it to anyone considering a TV in this size. Can not be beat for price and quality!Sceptre 32" LCD TV
The screen came with a smudge in the lower corner. I contacted sceptre and sent pictures of it. They replied that it was caused by physical damage and was not covered by the warranty. I asked how they could tell by pictures. They replied they can tell by the lines. I could not see any lines. I also told them the set itself and packing material was not damaged. A few days later I told them the smudge was getting bigger and darker. They replied that the LED's were burning out and to take it up with the shipping co. Fedex. After that they stopped replying to my E-Mails. Very dissatisfied with customer service and will never purchase anything that is made by them.Picture had a smudge at lower corner
I bought this to replace a failed 32" Aquos, and while the picture may not be quite as good, it's not bad at all -- nothing I could find particular fault with, especially considering it's half the price I paid for the Sharp three years ago. The Sceptre name isn't that well-known yet, but they've been making high-quality LCD computer monitors since 1993, so it's only natural that they would branch out into HDTV. This is a basic set, and you can tell that corners have been cut in a few places to meet the price point: for example, the remote control has a slightly cheap, plastic-y feel to it, and as others have commented, the audio is a bit flat; however, the latter can be successfully compensated for by adjusting the set's EQ settings. There is also plenty of control in the menu system for tweaking the video, aspect, and and other settings to your liking. Three HDMI inputs are a plus, and I like the headphone jack so I can watch it late at night without disturbing anyone. Can you get a nicer, fancier 32" panel for an extra $80 to $100? Of course, and those so inclined might check out LG or Sony. But if you're looking for bang-for-the-buck value, this Sceptre is a great choice.Decent set for the money
I purchased this TV to be used in my sons game room. I have never set up a TV before and I had this one up and running in 5 minutes! The base was super easy to attach to the TV, all parts were marked and bagged separately and it even came with a screwdriver. I am beyond pleased with my purchase and would highly recommend it.Great TV!
Just picked up the sceptre x322 bv about 3 days ago (dec 5 2013) its a great tv I'm a hugh gamer (xbox360) the tv size measures 31.5 (a cross) and 19.3 measuring (downwards) the tv is very clear and has great sound for the price I was expecting something average because of the name but it was everything I needed what really helped me most on picking this tv was searching google (images) and a couple youtube videos helped a lot for a first time buyer ( I have posted pictures of my sceptre tv on here for you all)flawless
Up front I will tell you I'm no expert on HD tvs. However, after purchasing this one I have become a fan of the Sceptre. I rated sound just below excellent as I have yet to hear a flat screen with good sound and this one does a decent job of sound. Picture and sound are both quite configurable and with the remote you can change between settings lightining fast depending on your preference and channel. As many have said on reviews of many tvs, it takes some tweaking to get it to your likeing but right out of the box it was very good. In fact, the more I changed the more I found myself going to built in settings for sound and picture. I don't have HD programming with my dish service but the dish receiver has a setting for widescreen which makes all the difference HD or no. I did purchase a DVD player and HDMI cable at the same time. With these, the picture is amazing and with all the different connections and settings I have found nothing I can't connect and be able to set to my liking and enjoyment. You won't be dissapointed with this purchase. I have noticed the specs are identicle to many so my guess is that they are made by the same manufacturer as some of the high end models. After setting this up my wife has been wondering why I don't watch tv with her... until she watched a movie with me on this one... now I'm looking to buy another!Great tv for the money
I was pleasantly surprised with the quality of this TV, The price was good and the picture quality is better than I expected, I am currently using an over the air antennae with great results. for the price I recommend this tv for those on a budget32 FlatScreen
Very happy with the look and style of this model. Picture quality is very clear at the price point that it was. Very affordable, very stylish, excellent picture quality, good sound. Would recommend to anyone regardless of your price point. Don't need to spend more if you don't have toComplete Satisfaction
I had purchased a Vizio 42" TV from Walmart only a few months ago and could not afford an expensive TV. So I started looking for an affordable TV for my bedroom. I saw this TV on sale and after reading the customer reviews I decided to give it a try. I was overall very pleased with my purchase. It exceeded my expectations.A perfect buy
3 years ago I bought a similar tv, same size and specs for OVER $600. It was damaged in a move. So i needed a new one, I recently learned that ALL LCD TVS are manufactured by only 3 companies in China who then sells them to name brand companies who creat their own cases and resell them for MUCH more. This Septra TV has beautiful picture quality and sells for $249 online I am very pleased with my purchase.My New TV
This is my second purchase of a Sceptre, First one was a 51 about 2 years ago. Very impressed and decided to get this one for our bedroom. I would highly recommend this brand, and I think I got a great deal on both from Walmart.com.I have had a 51" Septre for 2 years very impressed
We bought this for our twin boys bedroom Christmas Dec 2012. Well guess what - now 13 months later it has died. That figures as it is just past the 12 month Manufacture warranty too and I did not buy the extended warranty. It was used only 1 hour or less a day - if that. The signs of something going wrong before it totally messed up was when you tried to power it on, the blue LED on front showed it on but only remained as black screen. We could not power it off on the TV button nor the remote so we had to unplug it from the wall. That seemed to work for a few days and how we would be able to somehow get it powered back on. But today, after over 12 attempts of trying to power it on we finally some how we got it powered back on. This time I kept it POWERED on while putting it on the ROKU2 XS source hooked up to this TV since the ROKU has a screen saver. For now we are leaving it POWERED ON while waiting for a different TV we just bought from Walmart but this time we bought a different brand AND with the 4 year extended warranty. This Sceptre TV was awesome.. truly it was...but it died so quickly even though this TV was hardly ever used. If you dare to buy this, be sure to buy the EXTENDED WARRANTY.Be sure to buy EXTENDED WARRANTY!!!
pretty good deal for this tv set. never heard of the brand so I got the service plan with it, but thus far I have been pretty impressed with it. got it hooked up to my pc via hdmi as well as cable, great picture quality. great deal.works as advertised
only had this Tv for 2 months and the picture has already gone out. After the Tv is playing for about 5 minutes, lines start coming through the picture. Extremely dissappointed. Sending it back to the Manufacturer.gno picture after 2 months
It's pretty clear, I can watch movies and play games on my xbox and it does well. I definitely recommend getting an hdmi cable from Walmart or somewhere to make it clean. The movies I've watched are pretty nice through it. I was never interested in sound systems, so for me, the sound is actually quite good.

Like I said, much better than I had expected. Much lighter and bigger too. So far no problems, it's been about two weeks. I'll hope for a lot more years.

It was shipped in half the quoted time, and on my day off so that was nice.Better than I thought.
I bought this TV a week ago to use it as a monitor for my new computer. Also purchased this cable from Walmart to connect the HDMI port (1 Link Depot 2m Male Gold Plated DVI-D Dual Link to High Speed HDMI Cable) on the TV to the computer.

I also have basic cable TV so I split the coax with a splitter ran one coax to the cable modem and the other to the coax connection on the TV. Now I can switch it from a computer monitor to watching TV with the remote control. Good Deal!

It also has a VGA monitor connection in case you don't have a DVI port on your computer.

So far I'm very happy with it as a computer monitor and TV. It was very easy to set up and has a nice size remote control. The picture quality is good.

You can't go wrong with this combination TV, Computer Monitor.

Hope this helps!Using for PC Monitor and TV
Easy to set up, light weight, sleek looking and overall a great buy. Perfect size for watching TV in the bedroom and video game play.Awesome TV for an Awesome Price
I purchased this tv 9 months ago and it was worth it! Nothing fancy but gives a nice picture and sound is ok.. worth buying if your on a budget!!Great buy
So I got this TV plus extended warranty and it worked fine for two months and then there is a blank screen nothing works so I call customer service tech dept no one Ever picks up i call sales and they pick up but transfer me to a dead no. and if someone picks up the say they will email u some document RMA which will never come and the extended warranty is no good because it only works after a year and it has not been a year yet. if you worked hard for your money please check out a different brand.
P.S it cost over 250 to replace locallyDont waste your hard earned cash
The price is the thing that attracted me to this TV. After reading the customer reviews I felt it was worth the gamble to buy it. With the money I was saving on price I went ahead and bought a 3 year warranty. I opted for the free delivery, was offered other options with nominal additional cost but wasn't in a hurry, to my surprise the TV arrived two days later. The unit was very easy to set up and had it on within 15 minutes of opening the box. This is my first time buying a large item online from Walmart and the experience has been very pleasant one. I won't hesitate to make online purchases in the future.Great TV for the price
Bought this TV as needed a new one but didn't have a lot to spend, it works just as good as the top brands. I would recpmmend it to anyone who is looking for a good quality flat screen TV at a lower price.Wonderful TV and Great Value
After having 2 Vizio Tvs die on me in just over 2 years. I decided to try this Tv . I use it in the bedroom. The picture quality is very good . I did find the sound quality was not that great , untill i adjusted it in the settings. I do love the remote that came with it. Its very easy to use. If you decide to have shipped to the store, it could take longer than 10 days and i did find that a big pain, i wish i had paid the extra for faster shipping. It was like watching a slow boat to china. It only had to be shiped from 2 states away.Great value.
The price was terrific, but that's all that I can say GOOD about it.......from the time I plugged the TV in, there was a very bad/high pitched interference sound coming from the TV...like a piercing "shrill"....sounding like this "weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeennnnnnnn"!!! I could NOT get it to stop no matter what I tried.... To all buyers here at Walmart, you are better off going to the store and seeing a TV on display...I'll never make that mistake again....I love Walmart, don't get me wrong...but I'll always test out a new TV in person from now on....PEACE!!!Good Price, but that's it!!!
We replaced a 15" tv with this tv. Wow, it is great to be able to see the wording at the bottom of the screen w/o having to squint. Noticed right away that our old, smaller tv had better sound. Picture is fine. Basically, if you want great sound and picture, you will have to spend more money. But, for a tv in the bedroom, this is a great value.Good bedroom tv
very nice set..shows a awesome picture..good sound also .id recommend this jointthis is a great hdtv set
new Sceptre 32" flat screen arrived earlier today... what a great bargin.

unpacked, checked manual, used included (did not even have to get out my tool box) screwdriver and had the base mounted in less than 5 minutes. really easy to follow instructions, and everything (different screws etc...) was packaged separately so there was no confusion as to what part was what, or where it was to be used.

excellent picture, was shocked at the quality. have not even removed the protective film from the viewing screen and it is really a great picture as you can see from the attached photos of both use as a computer monitor, and watching the TV.

it is a bit larger than I was thinking it would be, but am happy with it.

easy to switch from input source to input source. remote has a button for selecting the source, then just up/down arrow to highlight the desired input and hit enter... sit back and enjoy your TV, DVD

BKfantastic bargin
The picture went completely black the first day after bring this new tv home. It was ordered site to store. Therefore, I returned it the next day.Sceptre 32 worked less than 3 hours!
I had it for only 3 weeks and so far it has been working really great the picture is way better then my expensive Tv I like it a lot the only down side is that I order 2 tv and I have not recived my second one yet !!!I do really like it
I was looking at Wal-Mart.com the day before Thanksgiving to see what kind of deals were going on in the electronics. I saw this TV and the price especially. I have a dinosaur TV and thought it would be a nice time to make a change to an updated version. I ordered it online. It took a couple of weeks to come in because of the holiday sales, etc. When it came in and I took it home, I thought "man this TV is light". The hardest thing about getting it hooked up was the stand that comes with it. The only reason why I did not give it 5 stars was because it did not come with the cable that I needed to hook up my HD satellite receiver. I had to go and purchase one to hook up the satellite. Once everything was connected, the quality of the picture was GREAT!! I told my husband, "So this is what everyone has been talking about with HD quality TVs and receivers". I am pleasantly pleased with my purchase, especially since it was such a good price. Recommend to anyone who is looking for a new TV.Great price for great TV
Great TV, I got 3 different sizes for 3 different rooms and I love them. Great price. Have had one for 3 years and the other two for over a yr. Now looking for another one for our Rv with a dvd player in it.Sceptre TV
The picture quality is as good or better than more expensive TVs, and the audio is clear. It is simple to set up and operate, and has a 1 yr. warranty instead of only 90 days. I think the instruction booklet could be improved, but other than that, I recommend this item.Big value, little price
I use this in my master bathroom and it has exceptional sound and picture quality for this space. I have Several LCD's and they from multiple manufacturers and im very please with this purchase. It's an excellent value for this price. I would not hesitate purchasing another if needed!Excellent Inexpensive HDTV!
the picture and sound quality in this LED tv are very acceptable. the LCD tv it replaced had slightly better color, but the greatly reduced power requirements more than make up for that in my off grid cabin. i have been able to rely solely on my solar panels to charge my house batteries even with these short and sometimes cloudy winter days, and since I installed this tv a month ago that means no more traipsing outside on cold winter nights to start and stop the generator, a very welcome difference!! one channel had some lines in it, so i contacted the online Sceptre tech support, and they told me it was in the signal. I doubted that, but contacted my satellite provider anyway as they recommended, and it turned out that the Sceptre techs were correct. They also helped me know how to connect it, since the input was different for my old tv. It is sure nice to know that they are available to help. this is just a great basic LED tv, nothing fancy. I believe it is as good as any other big name brand of its size and features, and for the price it can't be beat.great tv for off grid powered homes
Was looking for an inexpensive TV for the bedroom to hook up to my Tivo, and this fits the requirement perfectly.
Pros - Light, feature packed and very good picture using HDMI connection.
Cons - Speakers could be better, but are fine for voice.
There is an EQ setting, so I'll play with that to see if I can improve the sound.Great Bedroom TV
TV lasted only two hours before volume control increased on its own and could not be adjusted. Next the menu options would not respond. Returned it immediately for a Vizio because I could not get any help from tech support, just leave a message. They called back two days later. My local Wal-Mart store, however, assisted me in getting a return credit and a replacement TV immediately.This TV lasted only 2 hours
I am pleasantly surprised at how good the picture is on this under $200.00 TV. I understand that it is made using Sony parts and that is one of the criteria I used to choose it. I run it using a Sony TiVo DVR, which I got from Direct TV. I realize that the Direct TV and TiVo people do not exactly love one another!!! However, the Spectre code number 0313 does not work to program the remote, so knowing that the parts are Sony, I used a Sony code and it seems to work okay. But, every once in while when I am choosing programs to record in channel numbers 501 and above, it will slip out of HDMI1 into HDMI2 and I will lose the signal. Perhaps there is a better code than the one I am using. I do know how to get it back by using the TV remote Source button, so I do that. It is an inconvenience, however. All in all, a great TV for the money!Great TV for the price!
This is a terrible product and I regret buying it. I should have listened to the other warnings and poor reviews. You truly do get what you pay for. At the low price, I didn't expect it to be the greatest HDTV out there, but I did expect the thing to at least power up and turn on. I called the tech support number but it went to voicemail. What kind of company runs that way? Leave them a message and wait for a call back?! I don't think so!! This tv is going back ASAP and I will not purchase another Sceptre - I'll invest the extra money into a true brand name.Buyer Beware
works well in lighted areas. very impressed at the lack of glare, and also the angle at which you can see it well. sound is plenty loud, if not the most crisp. but honestly what do you expect in this price range. was very pleased with my purchase. works as advertised. good for a second tv, or bedroom, but not the one to design your home theatre around.quite pleased
At first never heard of the name sceptre but got on line and the price was excellant online had the best price cheaper than the store. Bought it got it home and the picture and the sound was excellant would recommed to any one , i tell every one about the tv and how great the picture is. cant go wrong with this one. Also has a swivel base. It is great.sceptre 32 inch tv
I recieved this tv from the site to store delivery option which worked out great no problems there the problem started when we hooked the tv up!!The tv worked great and we thought what a great deal we got on this tv. Little did we know that the tv was only gonna last about 2 hrs total.. NO JOKE we were watching the tv and the picture just became a blurr and poof the tv goes off and will not turn back on!! Such a Bummer... Would not suggest this tv for any one..Not worth the "Value"
I purchased a Sceptre 32" Class LCD 720p 60Hz HDTV, X322BV-HDR last December for my granddaughter. Although it had a good picture and was easy to setup, the picture went out before it was even a year old. I have purchased many TV's and have had great luck with them. This was the first time I purchased this brand and it did not even last a year. Very disappointed. I am now looking to replace it but will not buy this brand again.Sceptre HDTV did not last a year
Let me put it this way, this is a great television for the price you are paying. The only downside is that it's 720p. My rule of thumb is anything 32 inches or more should be 1080p. 1080p referes to how many pixels it has; 1920(left to right) x 1080 (up and down). It's a very simple concept, the wider you stretch 720 pixels, the less detail you will get, but Sceptre has still managed to get good quality out of it. If it was up to me I would make this 1080p and sell it for $5 more. Anyways, buy this TV because you won't be disapointed, considering what you paid for it.Amazing Price and Specifications
I want to say congratulations on the manufacturers for making such a great TV. And to Walmart for selling this TV. Because it is pretty darn indestructible. My TV was slammed to the ground, my wife put oil and acrylic paint all over it, around it, in the vents, all over the screen, inside the screen, on the buttons, on the remote, on the stand, on the back, everything. And my friends, it still works. Like brand new! The stand is a little wobbly now, but other than that it's picture perfect. Even my wife is amazed. However, I hope that you can learn to limit your use of your TV better than I before your wife decides to let you know in her own way as well. I hope you enjoyed this story of man's triumph over evil. The pictures below are the after-math of two days scraping paint off.
P.S. I got my Xbox working again too.Best TV Ever
My daughter did well in school, and this was her reward! I was very happy with the quality, style, and so was she. I will be purchasing 3 more of these in the near future.Very nice!
When looking for a T.V. for my bedroom I came across this Spectre, which was a great bargain. I guess for what I paid I can't be that picky. The picture is O.K. although the colors are a little dull. The sound however is the absolute worst. It sounds muffled no matter what settings I put it on. At time the sound also goes in and out as if it's about to give all the way. I find myself keeping my fingers crossed hoping that It wont and that it will last at least for a couple of years, or give out now while I still have my warranty. If I had a chance to do it all over again, I think I would just spring for the extra hundred dollars or so and get a recognized name brand.Serves its Purpose
I have had to return this tv back to Sceptre a total of 5 times. Every 3-4 months it stops wanting to turn on. The 5th time I demanded a new model of tv because of the reoccurring problem and they replaced it with a new model. 3 months later it had the same problem. I moved on and bought a smart tv from Wal-mart, close to same price better value. If you do buy this expect it to break and you must hound Sceptre Customer service to get anything done (they dont like to handle problems or respond to e-mails).This Tv will break every 3-4 months
Dear all,

If you are seriously planning to buy this one, please think again. There is a high possibility that the product you are gonna receive might be faulty and non-operational. Because I get the same.

As per the instructions, I tried calling their technical support person. And to my surprise, he asked me to OPEN the TV panel myself using a screw driver and check for any loose connections. I was almost about to faint on listening to his suggestion when he said "This is nothing sir, just a loose connection. All you need is a screw driver and open the panel, look for any loose wires." I asked him if I happened to damage something by mistake in the process, are you still ready to accept it back, he refused it straight away. He also refused to send any technical expert to my service.
After all this stupidity, decided to return it and bought a well known brand (Samsung).

I would not recommend this product to anybody.

Thanks
Wall userReceived faulty product. Returned it. Bad experien
THIS TV HAS BEEN A TRUE NIGHTMARE, BROKEN DOWN TWICE IN LESS THAN A YEAR AND WALMART OR SCEPTRE WON'T DO ANYTHING ABOUT IT. ITS CHEAP BUT YOU'LL END UP REGRETTING THIS PURCHASE.

I CAN'T BELIEVE I WASTED $200 ON SOMETHING SO USELESS.

PLEASE SAVE YOURSELF THE HASSLE AND INVEST ON A BETTER TV. I WISH SOMEONE WOULD HAVE TOLD ME THE SAME.

NOT WORTH IT AT ALL.DO NOT BUY THIS CHEAP TV
I bought this 32'' TV for my daughters room for her to watch tv, play her wii and watch netflix and I was a little scared when I bought it because it was one of the cheaper TV's and I was NOT familiar with the name brand but when I plugged it up Iwas pleasantly surprised at how great this TV is !! the sound quality is SO ExCELLENT that I had to turn it all the way down to 10 !! and it was at a great level that low !! the picture is so vivid and bright ! the characters in the game looked like they were stuffed animals in the room with us !! the netflix movies were AMAZING to watch !! I am getting another one of these for my own room ! it is a wonderful tv and very very easy to hook up and it came with a stand that easily mounted on top of her dresser. when I turned it on and it did the channel search thing all tv's do when you first plug them in I sat down ready to wait the long wait like tv's in the past and I wasn't even comfortable yet and it was done !!! LOVE LOVE LOVE this TV and got it for less than $200 with tax and shipping !!!AWESOME TV !
I bought this tv because I was on a budget and decided it was time to finally upgrade from my tub tv... Bought it online and it arrived two business days later.. That was awesome. Set up was easy. Came with everything I needed including the screw driver. The picture quality is vivid and bright I love it. the sound quality is just okay. I can't complain. I would recommend to anyone looking for a great tv who's on a budget. This is a STEAL at this price!!!Above & beyond what I expected
the tv is great,but the only problem is the sound.i just have to order soe speakers so i can get a better sound.other then that the tv is working finethe sound
THIS PRODUCT IS WAY BETTER THAN I EXPECTED. I AM GENERALLY A "YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR" TYPE OF PERSON AND THIS PRODUCT PROVED ME WRONG. IT IS WONDERFUL FOR SUCH A LOW PRICE. THE QUALITY IS EXCELLENT, THE FEATURES ARE NEW AND INNOVATIVE TO ME, AND IT WAS THE EASIEST THING IN THE WORLD TO SET UP. THE DIRECTIONS COULDN'T HAVE BEEN CLEARER. IT GAVE YOU EXAMPLES FOR EVERY SCENARIO. I REALLY ENJOYED AND I AM BUYING ANOTHER ONE RIGHT AFTER THIS REVIEW IS SUBMITTED.WAY BETTER THAN EXPECTED
I got this on sale from Walmart.com--under $200 including tax. I would have rated it higher but the instruction book is not overly clear. It looks like it would be but once you start actually trying to follow the instructions, not so much.

We had a hard time getting it hooked up so it would play. We did eventually figure it out and have been really happy with the picture quality. The sound is okay but we've had a little trouble hitting the sweet spot between too loud and "Huh?". We still haven't figured out how to hook up the Xbox to the TV without having to disconnect part of the cable. Granted, we haven't spent a lot of time in trying to figure it out so far.

One thing that contributed to the confusion is that they label the cable function as YPbPr. I don't get why they can't just call it "Cable".

Once we finally got it set up, we really love the TV. I'd recommend it but be prepared to do some cussing and fiddling around to get it connected and working.Great TV for the price
the picture is so blurry that i thought i needed glasses..the color is not vivid at all. i was going from a 32inch regular tv to this one and the regular old tv has a much better picture and much better sound..will be taking it back to the store bright and early in the morning...terrible tv
I am just now ditching my old 200 lb CRT tv for these new, thinner (lightweight) models. The picture on this tv is crisp and beautiful, and the sound is only tinny out of the box. Just like the tint, you must go into the menu and adjust everything to your personal liking. Once we struck the balance we liked for all the options (in about 10 minutes)--we were watching the most amazing picture and sound we've ever owned. And we even attached one of those new flat panel amplifying antennas since we don't have cable, dish, etc. I am uber satisfied with this purchase. Yes, I've only had it a few days, but it doesn't shut off by itself (it'll only do that if somebody inadvertently sets the sleep timer OR if you are on a "no signal" station for 5 mins. I also read among the reviews that people felt compelled to hook up their computer speakers to amp up the volume...I can't imagine why because it is so clear and loud on its very own that it isn't even remotely necessary IMO. My 14 YO son said the same thing--why would anybody deem that necessary? Perhaps there are some "lemon" tvs out there just like cars, but mine sure doesn't appear to be 1 of them. I highly recommend this acquisition, folks. :)Head & shoulders above my CRT
Just got the product a few days ago and works like a champ. Great out of box experience and no complaints here. For a 720p TV, it puts out a great picture. I would recommened this product to anyone looking for a replacement TV at a unbeatable price.Great Product for the Price
Been using the TV for the past week and seems to be good so far. For the price I pay, I am quite impressed with the Color and Sound of the TV as compared to my other higher price TV.Awesome for the price!
The television was just as advertised and set up fairly easily. The picture is excellent.Just Right!
The Good:
Even when compared to a much more expensive television, the Scepter 32" has incredible image quality. It's easy to set-up, has a clean appearance, and has many of the features most flat screens do, except of course for the internet connection and applications.

The Bad:
As many of the reviews for this television commented on, the sound quality is poor. The audio sounds as if it's coming from deep within the television, almost echoing within itself. The audio becomes progressively more distorted as you raise it.

Conclusion:
For those of you who are looking for an inexpensive television that will not be your sole source of entertainment, this is the television for you. I personally use this TV as my primary and, while it works well for watching television and playing the occasional video game, I wouldn't necessarily recommend it as the primary method of entertaining you and your family.Great Television, Especially for the Price!
I have owned this TV for 4 months, now. I wasn't even aware what "brand" Sceptre was, but I was in desperate need of a new TV, and had a limited budget. I purchased this TV right at $190+tax ship2store. I couldn't be happier with it! To be honest, I don't use my TV a lot. Mostly college football games, the occasional video game, and I have a Roku 2 XL box that I also stream Amazon Prime movies with. I may go an entire week without even turning the TV on. So the TV, in general, is not being heavily used. The box that the TV arrives in is huge. The TV itself is pretty big, once it's out of the box and on the stand. Setup was a breeze. I don't have cable, but I do have an antenna. And with the digital tuner, my local channels come in crystal clear. It will take some time to get the settings just the way you like them. And if the TV is unplugged for any reason, the settings reset, which was a letdown. The 3 hdmi ports are more than enough for me, but others may feel they need additional outlets. The overall picture quality is above average. The contrast ratio is only 3000:1 (compared to an LG 32" which is 70,000:1), so you'll get what you pay for. The audio does seem a bit low for different channels, so you'll find yourself with the remote in hand, readjusting the volume settings regularly. All-in-all, I would recommend this TV to any that wants to add an nice flat screen TV to accent any room. I would not recommend this for gamers or anyone wanting a complete HD experience. :)Better than expected. GREAT price!
The picture quality is horrible on this tv. It's like watching through fog- we will be returning it asap. The price was good but not good enough for this mess. Also the tv won't sync with Dish tv remote.Awful product
1 year to the date, either the backlight or the power supply has gone bad. This is what I've figured out by reading online forums with other people having the same issue. The center of the screen went very dim but the edges seem okay.

Yeah, it's a great deal for a TV that size but if it's dead exactly one year later it's not a good bargain.

Also, the manufacturer's web site is useless for finding answers or getting help. They really don't even have a functioning web site. That should tell you all you need to know about the Spectre brand.1 year to the date
The 3.5mm audio jack in the back didn't work, makes a weird noise. The lowest volume level is too loud at night. Picture was a bit pixel-y at times, like when there is movement on the screen it drags a little. The tv eventually died after 15 months. I imagine people who left a good review didn' bother coming back when they had a problem later. After researching on the web, many other people have had the same issues. Since it is outside of warranty, Sceptre won't help. Don't fall into the same hole I fell in.died after 15 months
I purchase this tv for my son's room, he is very pleased with everything about it. I'm a little jealous with all the features compared to my tv. Just may purchase another for my room in the very near future.Very much worth it!!!
This tv was great for the price. The picture is nice and the sound is loud. I was very happy with it until it died. I bought this in May 2012 in April 2013 it would power on but there was no picture or sound. I still had 2 weeks before the warranty ran out. I filled out Sceptre's rma form online. They emailed me a prepaid shipping label, I had saved my original packaging so I didn't have to wait for them to send a box. It took a week to ship across country to them, a week to fix it and a week to get back to me. The process was very easy. It seems to be working fine now, we'll see how long it lasts. If you're going to buy this tv do yourself a favor and pay for it with a credit card that will extend the manufacturer's warranty for an extra year.Great until it broke
Out of the box, it appears great. However, once you start watching it, the picture will go black after an hour. If you let it rest for a few minutes, it will come back. But still not a good thing. I would not repurchase or recommend.picture dies after an hour
This would have been my second Sceptre 32" TV BUT this television had a very poor picture quality. Tried adjust the usual settings but the picture quality was real bad. Ended up returning the TV and exchanging it for a different brand.
High customer satisfaction for being able to have it exchanged with the least amount of trouble.Poor picture quality
It took me quite a while to find a code for the remote. and it seems like i have to be pretty close to the tv for the remote to work. but the picture and sound quality is fine and it has all the connections i need for my system.
walmart had the tv in my store site to store sooner than expected, that was greatgreat tv for the price
Just received this item a couple days ago and just amazed with the picture quality. Talk about getting a bang for your buck. I would recommend this TV to anyone for the value you are paying for. Great TV, great picture quality and works just perfect. I will definitely purchase another one for the kids room.Great TV for the Price
Was very satified with the picture and sound quality. But after 6 months the picture went out had only the sound then after turning it off and then back on no picture or sound.Great TV for limited time only
I shopped around for several weeks before picking out this tv. I needed a cheap price but wanted to get the most for my money. I was nervous because it isn't a name brand, and since I could only view it online I wasn't sure what to expect. This price is by far the cheapest out there for size and specs it has. I am so glad I took a chance and bought this tv! I am sitting in font of it right now and this picture is perfect! Someone mentioned in there review that the sound isn't good, but I have to disagree, The sound is beautiful! If you are looking for a good tv at a cheap price don't look any further then this tv! You won't be sorry!Awesome price, Awesome Product!
Bought this product to put in my bedroom. I didn't want to buy anything too expensive,so I chose this tv. Love it! So far, so good!Love it!
I ordered this TV as the reviews were great, however, after receipt and hook-up, I could not get the volume to work with the HDMI cable. I tried verything including their tech support, but it was of no use. TV was stuck in a constant "closed caption" mode and would not transmit volume using a HDMI cable with Comcast service. Returned the TV to Walmart for a refund the next day.Nice picture - but no volume w/HDMI
GREAT value,easy set up,great picture and easy video game hook up!!!EXCEPTIONAL BUY!!!
This is the second of two TVs I bought from Walmart. The first was a Viore 32" Class LCD 1080p 60Hz HDTV, LC32VF56, but is now out of stock and may not be available again. The Viore had good reviews and I agree that it is a low priced, high-quality TV for $299.

I was going to get two of them, but wanted to make sure it was what I wanted before buying the second one, and two weeks later it was out of stock. After some consideration that include a 37" Viore I got the Sceptre despite it being a 720p. I own a Sceptre 22" computer monitor that has been good so I was not too worried about the brand.

I am using both of these TVs side by side as COMPUTER MONITORS! I needed some big monitors and if you by just a monitor they are more expensive. This way I have great monitors and they can also show TV, DVDs, and photos on USB flash memory. More value, less money.

The 1080p should be your first choice as the resolution is higher. For me, the second monitor is 720p and it's ok. For HD TV I can't really tell the difference, but I have not watched them both at the same time. HDTV is very nice on both.

The sound is a little better on the Viore than the Sceptre. Playing with the controls may help, but other reviews said the same thing. Don't expect HI-FI audio. Both work well with even a cheap antenna and I $20 rotator seemed ro bring in all the possible broadcast stations in my area. Non-HD is ok, and the HD looks great.

I bought the extended service plan for both TVs. I don't normally do this, but I will be using them a lot every day and at $20 each for 2 years it's cheap insurance. If you buy a more expensive TV the coverage may be more.

To use as a monitor for best results, make sure your video card can display 1360 by 768. I turn down the brightness as much as possible on all my monitors. The reason is it should make the backlight lamp last longer as I is the most likely thing to fail over time.If the specs match what you need, this is great!
I understand that you cannot beat this price but for 80 dollars more i can get a real name brand like toshiba or vizio and get full 1080p and much better sound quality. I returned this tv right away. For this tv you need an entertainment system or a sound bar because the sound is really bad, so you will end up paying more in the long run.bad quality.
The sound quality on this T.V. is horrible. It sounds like it's being funneled through a tin can. Absolutely awful and it only gets worse when the volume is turned up! I am very disappointed with this product and would not recommend it. Maybe if you hook it up to a nice surround sound system in which case you are not relying soley on the T.V. speakers. Don't waste your time and money on this.Buyer Beware
TV stopped working after 6 months. Bought on blackriday because of price, never again. Next time Ill pay extra and go with a trusted brand.Dont Buy!!!!
I needed a low cost TV and this was in the right price range. I wasn't expecting much. But this turned out to be a very good purchace. Sound is good with an equlizer built into the set and the audio is run through HDMi, no RCA cords at all. Picture is good, I didn't adjust to the User settings, the factory settings are really good on this set. I can see the picture from the side well and as an added bonus the base swivels 30 degrees each way. I set this unit on my coffee table and can swivel it so I can watch It while I cook in the kitchen 20 feet away and the picture is still good. Easy to set up and they even put a nice little screw driver in with it. I was watching football 10 minutes out of the box! Remote works well, and they included a nice list of remote codes so it is easily programmable. I also got the extended warranty so I'm good for the next 4 years. I purchased it online and it was delivered 3 days later right to my door. I am pleased.Good for smaller areas.
I got this TV/Monitor for a gift for x Mas and three months still ok no problems yet. I use it everyday for about 11 hours a day, I have put it throgh the test and so far, good, but the sound is not so great.makes a great gift
I ordered this TV thinking I would use it in our bedroom. After two days I knew it would end up as a guest room television. Picture is fine, although a tad dim when compared to our other flat panel TVs. Our biggest issue, & one that makes me consider returning it to Wal-mart, is the poor sound quality. In fact we had to turn it to the maximum setting on one show to even hear above the central heat running. The speaker is quite tinny sounding. While it doesn't always require you to turn it up that high to hear, it does require it frequently. It's going to the spare bedroom and we're going with a name brand for the bedroom. I would spend the extra $50 and get an RCA or Vizio.Picture Okay but Sound is Horrible
Bought one and it was delivered with the screen cracked. Ordered another and it will not power on. Googled the TV and seen this is a very common problem. Taking it back again and going with a different brand.Went through two so far
I purchased this TV for my son's bedroom. I was a little hesitant on purchasing due to the brand name, but I am really pleased. I have no complaints and the price was very reasonable. I would recommend this to anyone.Works and Looks Great!!
The TV was easy to install and has great picture and sound.Great price for a great product.
I have had 4 Sceptre TVs and none of them has worked properly. All have had very dark and murky pictures and they have all turned out to be defective. Even worse Sceptre refuses to honor any of their warranties so unless you can get WalMart to take it back you are out of luck.Worst brand on the market
this is really my first review..but i am so dissapointed in this product i have to warn other people to save their money and their time! I bought this tv online from walmart and got free delivery to store and service was great..thank you walmart..my son-in-law hooked up the tv that we have anxiously been awaiting and we all sat to watch...i thought my eyesight was going because the faces were so blurry..i kept taking my glasses off and cleaning them...then my husband after about 15 minutes said."doesn't it look like all the faces have powder over them" then my daughter chimed in "mom, i didn't want to say anything but this tv stinks..it's blurry...i must say we did try to adjust everything on the menu..finally packed it back in the box and taking it back tomorrow!listen to the 1 star reviews
This is the sixth Sceptre monitor/HDTV/combo we've purchased over the last several years and once again we're totally delighted with the quality, style and performance (not to mention the price) of these so-called 'second tier' units. We've never had a problem with any of them and all are continuing to perform 'beyond expectations' daily.

Meanwhile we've had to return several Samsung, Toshiba and Sony units for 'bad pixels', 'swollen capacitors' and 'back light' problems, etc.Sceptre products are far superior to "first tier"
This is much better than I would have ever expected. It was such a good price for the quality, sound and I bought it on a one day only sale with a great 3 tier stand.

Very Happy!!!Fantastic quality for the price
I bought many of these for various locations due to price. Tv's looked great but After only 4-6 months I have 3 with no picture which would cost more to get repaired than replaced by another television. Beware, you get what you pay for.Seemed like a great deal
I BOUGHT MY 32" SCEPTRE IN MAY OF 2012, AND IT ALREADY HAS A BLACK SCREEN. THE FACTORY HAS AGREED TO TAKE IT BACK AND FIX IT, BUT NOW, I'M REAL LEARY OF THEM EVER SENDING A DECENT QUALITY SET. I CAN ASSURE YOU I WILL NEVER BUY ANOTHER ONE OF THEIR SETS. THEY ARE JUNK.Worst t.v. on the market
I bought this tv and within 1 week it would shut down after less that 1 hour. I looked it up online and this name brand has this trouble in all their tvs. I called tech support and they said take it back. So I did and am buying something different. The picture and sound quality were poor alsoreturned
I was skeptical due to the low price and unknown brand name but couldn't resist. We bought for an extra room and this TV works great. Easy set up, very decent picture and fits all our needs. We have a Samsung and a Sony and now the Sceptre and for the average eye I'm not sure you could really tell much difference. Buy this tv.Excellent Buy
I purchased 3 of the 32 inch Sceptre TV's and within 6 months of purchasing, all 3 TV's are not working. One TV stopped working within the 90 day return policy with Walmart, so returning it was a breeze. The other 2 are having to go through Sceptre's "so called" warranty services and it's a total joke! They hold the customer responsible for shipping both ways, so it's going to be close to $90 for shipping alone, and the wait time I was quoted was 4-6 months for repairs. I wish I would have saved my money... There is a reason why these TV's are SO cheap!Not 1, but 3 Broken Sceptre TV's
Looked great out of the box. Lots of extras HDMI and nice design. But... the sound is tinny and sounded like a kids toy. Thought I could adjust the sound and picture but not a chance. Returned to store next day and got the Emerson 32 inch. Stores don't stock this item for a reason.Terrible sound and picture
We ordered one of these for our kids room in Feb '12. It arrived and didn't turn on. I called customer service and they sent another out with a complimentary 2 year service agreement. At the end of August this year the TV started acting up. We turned it on, it displayed the logo and then faded black. So we used the warranty service. Last week received a letter saying it couldn't be fixed and we were being sent a check. I'm not out anything at this point, and we can replace the TV; but I know what we aren't going to buy.Two failed
Great value for the TV, looks good, weight is really light, has enough HDMI's (3), VGA connection for computer monitor, and simple audio video cables. The problem I have, 3 pixels that are stuck one red, one blue, and one green, not dead. Not a huge problem but very frustrating that something brand new doesn't work. I'm hoping that as we use the TV they will unstick themselves. It will be returned in a few weeks before the 90 day return policy is up if they don't fix themselves with use.Sceptre 32 LED TV - out of the box pixel problems
Great price and value. I ordered the Belkin F3x1982-VGA cable w/3.5 audio cable, instead of the HDMI, and am greatly pleased. I hook up to my PC and stream all tv, Netflix etc. with True HD quality(providing the streams are HD). Fed-ex delivered without a scatch. Very pleased. It can also be used as your monitor. (The VGA cable is mainly for a PC hook-up, if you are cable, sat., wii etc you may need the HDMI cable).Overall-Outstanding
Had TV for about one week from 11/7/13. Picture looks great. The only issue I have with this TV is it does not have separate RCA plugs for the video game. So, you have to take the cable connections out and plug the video connections in. If there's a different way to have both connected at the same time, please say it here. This would be a benefit.Nice picture. So far, so good.
Great value. The sound on the TV can be managed by plugging in your own speakers. Been using it for two weeks and have not run into any problems.Good for the price
Picture quality is good and it was easy to set up. The audio sounds like it is being played from inside a tin can. Once I get used to it, I don't notice it, but if I'm watching the TV in the family room, and I go to the Sceptre in the bedroom, I immediately notice the poorer audio.decent for the price
I PURCHASED THIS TV ON 5/24/12 AND I HAD TO TAKE IT BACK ON 7/5/12, BECAUSE I WAS GETTING AUDIO BUT NO PICTURE. IT TOOK THEIR CUSTOMER SERVICE DEPARTMENT 2 DAYS TO RESPOND, AND THE RESPONSE WAS TO SEND THEM (SCEPTRE) THE TV BACK SO THAT THEY COULD REPAIR IT. THIS WAS NOT WORTH SAVING THE FEW EXTRA BUCKS.DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY
although this was a good sale price the sound is horrible so it is a good thing that I had surround sound to listen through. also connecting other things is not exactly user friendly. I would not reccommend this product at allnot great
After reading several of the reviews posted on the WalMart website about this television I purchase the television. Since I was shopping on a budget, I thought was getting a deal for my money but you get what you pay for. The picture quality was awful and I have tried several times to adjust the picture with no luck. The instruction manual that came with the television was no help at all. I am very dissatisfied with my purchase therefore I will be returning the television to the store within the next few days.What I thought was a good deal WASN'T!!!
The price was great, but the quality of the picture is like watching a old T V ,
I would not tell anyone to but this, put a little more money an buy a better
grade T V. Don't buy this oneprice is great, but not picture
Bought this tv because of the price and it is worth every penny! The picture and sound quality is amazing! Truly a must have!Great Buy!
Finally came out of the '90's with this TV. Did not want to spend much, so was willing to forgo a few bells & whistles. After researching, I learned that the 720p picture quality is indiscernible from the 1080p (unless you're sitting right next to it, and who does that?), and the fact that this TV does not have wireless built in was a non-issue since our satellite TV receiver has wi-fi. Had an issue with the sound at first, having to constantly adjust volume up and down, but after communicating with Sceptre's tech dept., learned that AVL (automatic volume level) should be turned off for sound consistency (AVL gives you that "theater" sound, where the music seems ultra loud compared with voices). Since turning off AVL we have enjoyed it much more. After a couple of weeks of viewing, we are very happy with our purchase (on sale at Walmart.com), delivered free to our front door.Great value!
I was skeptical about this tv since I never heard of the brand but thought I would try it b/c it was for my bedroom & the price was right. I am pleasantly surprised. It was very easy to install, the booklet was easy to read. I absolutely love it. The picture and sound are just as good as the big name brand tv we bought 2 years ago for my living room.Great value!
I purchased because it was made in America and the cost was great. However, Sceptre is not on the Comcast list so I have to use 2 remotes to watch TV. I read previous reviews before buying, and I have to agree that the sound quality is problematic. I cannot increase the volume, but I think it has to do with Comcast, not the TV itself. I love that it swivels. I definitely would recommend buying this product.I would recommend this TV
I had trouble getting the picture I wanted in HD. Something about the color of the faces close up no matter how much I played with the settings.For the price, it will do
Picture bit the dust on the third day. However, Walmart.com was quick tell me they would ship a new one out - even before I sent the dead one back - and they are paying shipping on the dead one. Hopefully the new replacement will arrive today AND will actually last longer that 3 days.Dead after 3 days
I bought this TV for my bedroom. It was fine until about 5 months later - then the picture went completely out. The sound still works fine. I did a little more research online, and it seems that this TV is notorious for breaking in some kind of way. Of course Walmart doesn't carry the warranty, so you have to pay to send it off to get fixed, then pay for them to fix it, and then pay to have it shipped back to you. Wish I would have read up a little more before my purchase!Bad TV - don't waste your time - or money!
I purchased this tv back in august and we only had it for 2 weeks before the screen went black. Contacted sceptre and they said to send it back to them; after a few weeks of not hearing anything I contacted them and they said they couldnt fix it and would be sending me a replacement tv. After about another 2 weeks I finally received it. We have had the replacement one for 1 month and now it has dark lines running across the screen. So in 3 months we have went through 2 new tvs. This is absolutely ridiculous! Do not buy this tv unless you want one that only works for a few weeks.Do Not Buy!
I was excited to replace my old clunker Sony with a new flat panel HDTV. The first thing I noticed was, even with the HDTV hooked up from the cable box, the picture and sound, though somewhat improved, did not "pop" like I expected it to. When, six days later, it would not even turn on, I was more than disappointed. I returned it to Walmart and got a refund.It was dead in six days.
The base or stand that the television sits in is very loose and wobbly. Or I didn't put it on correctly. I followed the instructions but it was loose so I took it apart and followed the instructions again. It was still loose. Other than this the product meets all the standards it stated. The color is great and the sound is great. I look forward to many enjoyable hours watching it as I sew. I put it in my sewing room to keep me company while I sew.The base stand
Purchased this TV for my daughter's dorm room. Perfect size. Absolutely wonderful low price. TV has a great picture, good sound quality and for this price I don't think anyone can find better!Really great TV
Quality and features are comparable to my 32 inch Sony Bravia. Simple to set up. Great picture and sound quality.Great buy
I don't know why so many people are giving this tv poor ratings. the picture is beautiful, the sound is fine, and the price was amazing. no problems what so ever. people have to realize that not every single thing made is going to work properly. that's why we are able to return things. point is: TV IS AMAZING. IF YOU NEED A TV THIS IS AN ABSOLUTE MUST BUY.PLEASE READ!!!
Absolutely fine, typical HDTV. Great for the $. Very impressive picture. I'd buy another or recommend to others.Absolutely fine, typical hdtv.
Bought 2 at the same time. Cheap TVs mean we can buy new ones with no regrets when these die. Quick and easy set up. Crisp picture. Bedroom set sounds great in a corner. Living room set sounds tinny and spreads outward, not forward. It's against a flat wall and we have an open floor plan. I adjusted the sound over several days, which helps, but we're going to need some extra sound equipment for the living room set. I wish the "guide" and the "info" information were combined. The clock settings are NOT great - we're in the Central Time Zone, but the 2 TV's show 2 different time settings (even on "guide" vs. "info."), even though they're set the exact same way. It's frustrating, but we rarely watch TV programs (we do DVD's & Netflix) so it's not a big deal. If you're going from an older TV & aren't an avid viewer, the 720P/60Hz will be fine. No need to go for 1080/120. If you want to do any Internet stuff w/ it (i.e., Netflix, Youtube, etc.), you'll need an HDMI cable and a box - you can pick one up in any electronic dept. Overall happy with them.Picture is great. Audio is iffy.
I bought this TV 2 years ago; it seemed pretty good for the money. It just died (went black when turned on - had to unplug to turn off). Apparently this Scepter TV has a defect that a lot of folks have experienced over time. Perhaps the capacitors blew out (which is what some say); the tv repair man quoted $100 to fix - isn't worth it. If you are clever with a soldering iron, perhaps you could fix it yourself with a kit. Consider that many TVs will last quite a few years - this one didn't for me and many other Scepter owners. Consider a different manufacturer. The Scepter Tech support phone line never answers the phone, nor can you leave a message.Dies after 2 years
I was a big fan of Sceptre for awhile now, and bought monitors and TV's from them religiously. However, I have now had 4 go bad on me, including one of these, and in less than a year under normal wear and tear. I cannot in good faith recommend this brand anymore, as the quality and durability seems to be inadequate anymore. Price and functionality are good, but I can't rely on these products anymore and am afraid to buy any more of their stuff. My 42 inch went bad, a 24 inch monitor went bad, a 32 inch went bad and now this one went bad, at least it was less than a year old so I am going to try to get a new one under warranty. I wish I could rate it higher, as it is always nice to have a brand that you can trust and a good price, however either I got a few bad one's or Sceptre is delivering inadequate products anymore, either way, good luck if you choose this brand and model, it seems to be a toss of the dice anymore.Good for a little while.
We bought this TV because the name brand that we recognized that was a great deal was, of course, sold out online. We hooked it up and it worked beautifully - the first night. Starting the second morning the TV would come on for a few seconds then blink off for a few, then come back onto the channel for a few seconds, then blink off. We called tech support three different days and always got a message machine. They never called us back so we boxed the TV up and traded it in for an Emerson. Be careful, if you buy this for the good deal, there does not seem to be customer service or tech support!We did not have a good experience with the company
I got this tv for my 14yr old son. It was a great value at $180.or so I thought.the picture was horrible .gave me and my son major headaches just from trying to watch it. Needless to say we returned it and spent the extra money for a vizo with the same specs. It wks great .
My advice- save your money and time.there's a reason they sell it online only....sad excuse for a tv
we really love our 32" tv. It has a wonderful picture and sound. thank you. crystal daymy nickname is not muddriver
Very good price for this tv. Better then i thought it would be for the price. If you cant afford a good name brand this is the one you want.Great tv for the spare room
What a bargain! Delivery was perfect by fedex. Product exceptional for the price. Easy to put together. The only reason that I am giving this TV 4 stars is because I have only had it a day. However, if it stays as marvelous as it is at present it definitely will receive its well deserved 5 stars!!!!!!!!!WOWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWEEEEE
I bought this TV a couple of months ago. My experience with Walmart was fine and dandy. The TV was great for a while. But after three months, my TV just died. It had no reason; I had it in my room and I used it only a couple of hours per day. One day, I turned it on, I got a faint smell of something burning and the picture was gone; I only had sound. (It didn't catch on fire, it was probably something that ave in inside the TV).

Walmart doesn't cover a product after a month of purchase so I had to contact Sceptre and let me tell you: worst customer service ever!!!! You have a hard time contacting a representative, either by phone or email. When you do, it's a guy that speaks broken English and only gives you what looks like prerecorded answers. They expect you to save the original box so you can send it for repairs. if you don't, they'll send you one WHEN they feel like sending you one and IF it arrives.

Again, it's not Walmart's fault. And I have never ever had problems with any TV until now. So buy at your own risk.Not reccomended
TV is for bedroom on basic cable no box. The tv was packaged beautifully. Everything was in resealabe plastic bags. Came with cleaning cloth for the screen. Set up was a breeze. It automatically began scanning for channels on first power up. MOST important the picture quality is excellent! I will purchase another for the guest bedroomBetter than expected for the price
Low price, fast delivery, easy set-up. Great picture and lots of features for this low price range.
This is our 2nd Sceptre 32" TV from Walmart. The first one is about 2 years old - not a single problem so far. We are very pleased with this brand and WalMart. This item qualifies for free shipping, but I upgraded (for $4.97) and received it in 2 days! (FedEx).Unbeatable value...
I bought this TV 2 yrs. ago(unfortunately for more than the current price) as a bedroom TV to replace a 12 yr old 27" rear projection behemoth. How many 32" TVs can you buy that fit in the trunk of your car?
It's now a computer monitor because of the HDMI jacks, and surfing the web is so much more enjoyable with the resolution of this TV. The TV is on at least 12 hrs per day, so after 2 yrs, the picture is as good as when I purchased it. So if you're thinking of buying a secondary TV for a computer or spare room, buy this one especially at the sub $200 price.Great TV For the Price
I bought this TV for my 83 year old mother. I wanted something basic and easy for her to use. She loves it.Good TV
We are loving this tv. Only down side is some vibration from speakers at times.Great TV for money.
I'd been chomping at the bit to upgrade from my old 19" tube TV to a flat panel HDTV for a long, looooong time. My first thought was that I didn't want anything smaller than 37", and nothing with less than 1080p. When I found this deal online, however, I decided I could probably live with a 32", 720p television. Was I right or what? I hadn't taken into account how small my living room is, and I do believe anything larger than this would have been overwhelming in it; and the 720p is far superior to what I'd been watching, even without an HD source. This is the perfect TV for me - just the right size and with enough clarity to make me just sit with my chin in my hand and sigh. It was light enough for me to carry from my car into my apartment with no difficulty whatsoever, and set up from entering my apartment to unpackaging the TV to having it sitting on my TV stand watching television was less than 20 minutes. I definitely recommend this for those who want a lot for a little money!My First Time
We bought this in February and I fell in love with it. I like the way the sound works on it. It's not going to blow out the windows but for what I needed it for it was fine. I loved the fact that it had a headphone jack, for a standard headset which I was hard pressed to find in a tv in this size. The picture was great, very clear, easy to adjust. It has THREE HMDI ports, along with a USB, DVI, and a number of other ports. It had a sturdy stand, and a mounting plate on the back. It has a lot of screen aspect ratios for different uses.

Until this month this thing was perfect and I would have recommended it to anyone. But this month it's developed what I have come to find out is a big problem with this brand. It's flicking off on the screen but not the sound every few minutes. It started out every half hour or so, now it's every 5 minutes or less, for a few seconds. From what I've found out its probably a power supply problem, something about bulging or bursting capacitors and they are a pain in the rump to replace.

I am going to have to replace it, and unfortunately it probably won't be this brand. I really wish I could recommend this tv because until this happened I really loved this thing.Wish I could give it a 5
I needed a TV for my bedroom and this was the cheapest one I could find. I'm not super picky, so I didn't think I'd have a problem with the mentioned low quality picture and sound, which I don't. I have two problems. One, the remote. I have no idea why, but the remote doesn't work sometimes (I've tried changing the batteries and all that). It only happens when I'm playing DVDs. I'll try to change the volume and it just won't respond. This was happening early on, but I attributed it to the fact that I was switching between my DVD player and Wii, but I'm not anymore and it still does it. Second, my DVD player and Wii both use the same ports to connect and there is only one set of those ports, but multiple HDMI ports (of which none of my devices use). I have to unplug one device to use the other.Glitches
This was a xmas gift for my son. we took it out of the box and put it on the stand and it didn't work
i called the ripley wv walmart and the mgr tried to help me but said they didn't carry it in the store.
he gave me the tech number for system set up and when my husband told him what the problem was he said it was defective, and they have been getting alot of calls about this brand from walmarts all over
I bought 2 of the same TV because it supposedly had 4 stars on the reviews.
so after he called me and said he called the tech svc I told him to set up the other in place of this one. AND that one didn't work either.

So here we are almost xmas and my son's brand new TV thats supposed to be set for him and ready to go xmas morning doesn't work!!!!!

how incredibly ticked off do you imagine I am right now??? The day before xmas eve....

I WILL Be taking this back to the store for my refund on the spot as soon Christmas day is over!!!

And not buy another one from Walmart!!!TV is Awful!!
I bought my TV from Walmart (this has nothing to do with walmart service) about 2 months ago. I went to turn my TV on and the led light blew out after only 2 months. After I went on to sceptres website (which was a joke) I found out it only had a 90 day warranty (another joke) and luckily mine had blown out before my 90 days were up. I tried calling and emailing sceptre to see how I could return or get the tv fixed, it took 3 days to get anyone to answer me. They finally sent me a box to ship the TV to them and when the box got here I realized that they were going to make me pay for shipping; which would have cost more than the TV itself. So i brought the tv back to Walmart and thank god they were able to take it back. So a big thanks to Walmart and a lesson learned to buy from a new brand. You get what you pay for. I would not recommend this brand to anyone.Would not buy from Sceptre again!
I bought this tv despite the negative reviews about the picture going out. They were right! I bought this tv in May and I now have to unplug and plug back in about 10 times to get the picture to come on. It's not worth the return shipping to use the warranty so I will be purchasing a different tv. Make sure to do your research before buying a tv and pay a little more to get a better brand.Caution!
I purchased this product and received it April 3, 2012, 2 weeks later it was not working it would not show the picture. Needless to say I am returning this piece of junk.Huge disappointment
the picture went out in the first hour but the package did have a damaged corner.. and Wal-Mart replaced it instantly when I brought it back I actually paid a difference and up graded to a Emerson all is wellit failed
Can't believe the value. Picture quality isn't great but it is 720, it does however display HD in 1080 which is awesome. For $250 you won't find a better deal.Great TV for the price
I hate having to replace loyal old electronics like televisions, but, it has to be done sometimes. My huge, old, heavy Toshiba t.v. finally died. Rats. Walmart to the rescue! I wanted a decent size unit to replace my old living room set. This television fits every single bill for me. I love it. It was even delivered three days before expected, which was awesome, and an absolute breeze to set up. I can actually pick this thing up and move it around without help. I can't even get my old t.v. out to the curb because its so heavy. The only problem I have with it, and it probably isn't an issue with the t.v., but with the cable company, is that I can't configure the television to work with my cable's remote (Comcast.) I have no clue what code to use, but I'll see if Comcast has a solution.

The set has great resolution and sound. I really love it!Great Value!
If your not hung up on names this tv is as good as the big name ones. Price can't b beat, black Friday special for just over $200.great deal
I was looking for a TV for the bedroom...This was a good buy. The picture is great. The sound could be improved...It has a cheap remote but its functional...I would reccomend it for anyone wanting an inexpensive TV...Good buy for the money
Easy set up. the base is kinda cheesy plastic. i was worried it wouldn't hold but it's ok so far. Good picture. Nice features. As others have said, the sound is tinny and thin. I hooked my computer speakers to it and send the sound through them.Great deal for the money
Just bought the TV online on black Friday. Excellent price. Received it on Saturday = FAST! Problem is, picture is not at all sharp, and even after trying to adjust it, it was overall too dark. I noticed after purchasing the contrast ration is 3000:1, compared to my Sony which I believe is 40,000:1. HUGE difference.
I do not yet have HD installed, they are installing next week, however, I purchased a Sony last black Friday and even without HD, that has a sharp picture. I even hooked up a dvd player to it, the picture is just not good. Not to mention the fact that the speakers sound like tin cans.
The TV also has a swivel base (never heard of a larger tv having a swivel base) but it feels unstable - it seems very wobbly where the base connects to the TV (that part comes pre-connected, it's not that I didn't screw it in tightly enough).
It is a very nice looking TV, great price, but not worth it to me as I like a very sharp picture. Spend a little if that is important to you.Bad picture, bad sound
I bought this on April 3rd 2012 and it dies on Thanksgiving...it lasted 7 whole months. Its a piece of JUNK. Also, I have been trying to contact the company via phone and email and no one responds back. Starting to wonder if the company even exist. Lesson learned don't by off the wall brands...stick to name brands that stand behind their products.Buyer beware!!!!!
After barely having the TV for 6months with less then average usage the screen is now completely gone. Sound is good but no picture, not to mention that the picture was never that great to begin with. I was iffy because of the brand but I figured for the price even if it only lasted 2 yrs it would be worth it, but 6 months??! I'm sure it's still under warranty but that's just a whole bunch of hassle I don't have time for. I would sooner just buy a new TV from a trusted name brand. Don't waste your money!Screen no good after only 6months
I bought this TV online at my local Wal-Mart as they didn't carry it in stock. I waited 5 days for it to come in and when it did, I went to the store to pick it up. I brought it home, unpacked it, followed the directions for assembly and hook up. When I turned it on, I got a brief glimpse of the Scepter Logo as the picture flickered off and on. Thinking it only needed to "warm up" I finally got the settings made so I could see the TV and off it went! Nothing but a black screen and no sound. I called Sceptre Customer Support TWICE and both men I talked to said it was a DEFECTIVE SET and to take it back. I took it back and got a refund. I would not recommend this TV. It looks good, great features and fantastic price but if it doesn't work, none of that makes any difference!Not Worth It!
Mine lasted for 2 weeks then the screen went out. DO NOT BUY THIS TV!! This is an ongoing thing. PLEASE spend 50 more bucks and get a better brand name tv.Get what you pay for
TV died today after a year and a few months. FYI.TV was bought 05/22/2012 died 11/03/2013
I bought this tv in April 2012 because it was cheap for its' size. After about 7 weeks I found out why. The picture shorted and the screen remained black when I turned the power on. So I sent it back to the manufacturer under the limited warranty so they could fix it. It took about a month for them to send it back fixed. Then today I came home and tried to turn it on. The sound came on but the screen remained black. After about 30 seconds of the tv being on, it filled the entire bedroom and bathroom with a horrific smell of burning plastic. So in 7 months I have to pay to ship this back to the manufatcturer to get it when and I have no assurances that even though this tv still falls under the one year limited warranty that they will even be willing to fix it a second time.

Save yourself the time and aggrevation. DO NOT BUY THIS BRAND OF TV! IT IS WORTHLESS!!!!Do not buy this brand!
I purchased this for my daughter for Christmas. When she got it home and set it up, she realized that there were several pixels that were not working. She was very disappointed (as was I). We returned it to the WalMart store. Of course they were no longer in stock, so my daughter simply took the cash and went across the street to Best Buy and purchased another TVPoor
The picture was not the best when I hooked it up, but I figured for the price what more can you expect. Now that it has reached the 6 month mark it goes off when it wants to. Sometimes the picture will just fade in and out. Please do not buy this television. Do not waste your money!!!!Do Not Buy!!!
I was waiting for my tv's (I purchased a 40" TCL also) to arrive and checked to see if anything else went on sale. To my amazement both of my purchases had dropped in price. My wife took all the info to our local Walmart and was told the only way to get the new price was to return the items and reorder. I thought that was rediculous so I sent an e-mail to customer service and almost immediately a refund was sent to our account. That's the way to do business Walmart. As for the Sceptre 32"....what's not to like. I see a lot of people complaining about the sound of their tv's. I think if you adjust the sound using the controls available you can improve it to your specific needs. Maybe some don't know you can adjust the sound to a number of different choices.simply a great deal.
so far this tv was very easy to assemble and has great picture N sound, very good for a small size tv.great tv
Of course it's a great reception, my old TV was a big heavy box like antique. I now have HD on some station and the pictures are clear, bright and now my son wants one for his garage TV..he has friends over to watch basketball, football, boxing and what ever. I have a U Verse and so far it's working great.GREAT RECEPTION
Do your research on SCEPTRE. They have been a quite but proven manufacture of flat screen T.V.'S for quite some time. Producing components for many of the household name brands. BEST VALUE FOR YOUR MONEY !!!SCEPTRE - A proven but quite leader !
The picture is fine but the sound quality is terrible and we can't stand listening to it. We are going to return it.we are returning it
I ordered this tv for $219.00 at Walmart for my daughter. After hooking up the tv I had a line of dead pixels. It was built poorly, the sounds was terrible. When I turned the volume up on the tv, it rattled from the back of the tv. I returned it back to walmart. Also, I purchased th ext warrantly for 3 years and they told me that was not refundable after you purchased. I purchsed on 12/15 and returned on 12/27 (12 days later) That didn't make sense to me. I had to demand my refund for the warranty. Bad experience with the tv and customer service.Great Price - poor quality
I bought this tv last christmas for my Mom. It was great at first but after 4 months there was a huge black shadow thru the middle of the tv from top to bottom. I wanted to return it but the box got thown out. Now just after a year it does not work at all. What a complete waste of money. Now I have to buy yet another tv to replace this one. I guess that old saying is true you get what you pay for. Please do not buy this oneWALK AWAY FROM THIS TV
I had it shipped to store hoping there would be less chance of damage. Got it home. plugged it in. . Turned it on. No picture. No sound. Nothing. Disappointed. Took it back.did not work
I priced this TV for $100 more at Amazon the day I saw the sale advertisement so was a no brainer to get it from Walmart. Bought it to replace a dead 27" CRT in my daughters room figuring it should hopefully last a few years to be her first TV at college and is nicer than a 19-22". All of the AV equipment she has is currently RCA composite so I already had a combiner to connect everything to the single input and have not tested the HDMI ports. Picture on the composite input is pretty good and better than that of the iSymphony 42" I purchased last Christmas so I am very pleased with my choice to get the Sceptre.Great TV and super price
I purchased this model this past January for 189.00. If I had an extra 179.00 + tax, I'd buy another one for my bedroom. I highly recommend the Sceptre HDTV for any room in your house. The only downfall is it can't be hooked to your computer to act as a monitor. However, you can view
pictures from a flash drive.Excellent HDTV
I bought this to be used as an occasional TV at an apartment that my wife and I use out of town. It was cheap and I figured worth the risk. I unboxed and connected at our house just to try it out before taking to the apartment. My wife and I were so surprised at how good the quality was that we've kept it in our bedroom as a TV we use quite often. The picture quality is very good. It has multiple settings you can tweak to make it just as desired. The sound quality while not superior is very good and we definitely have no problems with any movie our game used with it. The TV has muliple conneciton points and I believe 3 HDMI ports. We have it connected to an HD receiver and gaming system and are very satisfied with the overall quality. My only problem is that I wished I had bought 2 so that I'd have one to take to the apartment now.Great HD TV
I've only had my Sceptre TV for four days and so far it has met my expectations. I bought this site to store on walmart.com and waited 12 days for it to arrive at my store for $169 and tax. This was a heck of a deal for me after researching many 32" TVs. I got this to replace my LG 24" TV which I really liked and was going upgrade to the LG 32" because I liked the LG brand. But after reading the reviews and noting the price of this B list brand I had to order it. I am not a gamer or streamer so this is just a no frills TV for my purposes.
PROS:The remote is user friendly, the volume was almost too loud for me until I adjusted the audio equalizer settings which is really cool.
It has an auto volume leveler to keep commercial volume down. Yay!
It has a guide button you can advance to see what's going to be broadcast through the next day. I only have over-the-air digital broadcast channels (no cable/satellite).
It has several picture sizes to choose from - full%100, normal, wide, cinema, and zoom.
I always adjust the picture settings between TV channels and dvd viewing and these are easy with the remote.
It has component jacks, VGA jack for your PC, and of course three HDMI jacks!
The brushed metal frame and base is classy.
It has a headphone jack which my LG TV did not. I know this is important for many users to hook up external speakers.
The only minor CON I have with this Sceptre TV is no programmable TV ON time for a morning wake up alarm like my LG TV had.
So, for a base model budget 32" TV I give this Sceptre two thumbs up.Poor man's Sony TV
This TV is more than I expected for the low price I paid for it, I'm pleasantly surprised. Thanks Walmart.Great price & great quality.
Bought this as a gift for my children's grandmother as a housewarming present for her new apartment at assisted living. It's her first and probably her last television. The flat screen mounted up well on her wall and saved valuable space in her small studio-sized space. She was absolutely delighted with the quality of the picture and the sound, especially in finally making the switch from old CRT technology to flat-screen HD-quality LCD! This unit is perfect as a primary TV or as a secondary display in any home. Highly recommended especially at WalMart prices and fast delivery!A Real Bargain!
my 32'' tv is great! Easy to to assemble. nice picture and all features.
very pleased with my purchase and price. have it in my bedroom after having a 19''tv this one is wonderful! one happy customer here!great tv
THIS TELEVISION IS GREAT FOR ANY ROOM IT SHOWS CLEAR AND IT DOESN'T TAKE FOREVER TO COME ON LIKE OTHER TVS.GREAT TELEVISION WE LOVE IT
Long story short; The sound quality is the only weakness I see in this TV. I bought this as a 2nd TV for my bedroom. Picture quality far exceeds what I expected at this price. Sound quality isn't BAD, just kind of hollow. If it were my main TV, I would most definitely use external speakers. I would still highly recommend this TV.Great picture. So so sound
Due to poor pcture performance, I returned this tv to my local Walmart store for a refund.Price was good, but picture quality was not.
Lousy audio, very tinny. The picture quality is good, but when playing video games with look sensitivity on high the image will start trailing a little bit. I purchased four year warranty for $25 due to the amount of reviews saying that the TV stops working around the one year mark. Not a bad tv for the money, but not a gem either.get what you pay for
My first TV purchase had to be return after watching FOR ONLY 7 DAYS -- That's SEVEN DAYS .. The power supply failed and TV was useless .. Upon returning it I was charged for a RETURN FEE for a TV that functionally FAILED .. If the second TV, same model/brand goes out and I'm charged a return fee .. Well, this may be the last thing I purchase from Walmart..Questionable on Components Lastability ..
had this TV for just under a year and a half and it just went out. customer service told me it was probably the power inverter. the TV was great but it was definitely NOT built to last. Overall piece of junk.great tv til it goes out
We bought this TV in December! Here it is April---4 months later, and it quit working altogether. First it just kept shutting itself off, then it just refused to come back on. We are trying to deal with Sceptre to get it repaired. Probably have to pay a bunch just to get it shipped to Sceptor. Plus it's supposed to be sent back in it's original box with original packaging materials. Who keeps that ??We obviously had thrown that away. So, I'm not feeling very confident about getting my TV repaired! My advice to anyone is DO NOT waste your time and money on this TV! I'll probably end up at a local dealer, paying more, but getting a better product!Lousy TV
I bought this tv for my daughter's birthday and after two weeks the screen started malfunctioning. When the tv is turned on the logo will flash for just a second and the screen will go black with only the sound working. I can repeatedly turn it on and off and eventually it will start working again. After several attempts to reach Sceptre customer service and going to voicemail with no calls back I am returning it.Don't buy
At first we thought we had a great deal. Nice picture, good sound. Perfect for the bedroom. But after two weeks the picture would not come on. We turned it off and then back on, and it worked. a week later we lost the picture again. Only this time the picture never came back. Only the sound.No picture after 3 weeks.
Bought this TV after reading several positive reviews on the Walmart site. Unfortunately my TV did not want stay ON, when I turned it on. It would shut off every few seconds. Made it rather challenging to program it and get it started.
I had barely got it out of the box. Gave up after 30 minutes of trying to get it going. Back to Walmart it went. Completely disappointed. Complete waste of time.Stay away
Setting: Christmas morning. T.V. was fairly easy to set up. I was actually impressed with the picture while it was working. The speaker on the left side vibrated horribly at about 2/3 of the volume. Even after I adjusted the "EQ", it still had the sound of a transistor radio. If I held the left side with my hand it would stop. About the 5th time I turned the unit on, it just petered out. After that the only thing I could get it to do was change the power light from red to blue. This is probably an extreme case for this product, but I believe when it comes to electronics you should aim for higher quality than this. My dad was looking for an inexpensive flatscreen for my Mom and what he got was a high dollar paper weight. If you decide to go with the Sceptre (which I now call the De-Sceptre), I would definitely buy the extended warranty.....but really, why bother.you get what you pay for.
When we received the TV by mail, It came incomplete. There were many parts missing. No screws for base, no manual, no remote. The box was heavily taped. Must have been returned by previous customer and they had not put all parts inside. Could not exchange it. Had to return to store , get money back and then order a new one.obvious return
I am sorry to say this but invest in this TV is a waste of time. I bought three of these tvs in the same day and when I took them to my house only one of them came with damage I could listen it but not showed any image. I returned it to the store and they gave me my money back and as I ignored the signals and keep the others 2 tvs and go and I bought other to replace the damage one. After four months one by one these TVs were losing the image. Be prepared to pay for shipping and handling after four months of having it with you. The image disappears and you can only hear the sound. When I tried to solve the problem with them, they send me empties boxes to return the TVs. They fixed them but meanwhile nobody returns me the time that I spent on these and the fact of be carrying these TVs from one side to other and also I had to pay for shipping and handling. This is the worst investment of my life I end up paying what I would spend in TVs of a recognized brand. Do not invest money in these tvs and if you like to buy it please keep the box for when you have to send it back for repair.Poor quality
I ordered this television through the ship to store feature on walmart.com. Upon receiving the television and taking it back home, I found that there was no picture AT ALL on the screen. When I called Sceptre's customer service line, it was obvious that the CSR had heard of a lot of these televisions were shipped DOA or that he received a lot of the same calls from other customers. This television is garbage; spend an extra $150-$200 and go with a real television producer. I will never buy from Sceptre again.TV was D.O.A. on arrival
Since I got this TV it hasn't work. When I hook it up it keeps telling me no signal no matter what I do.Not satisfied at all.
I purchased two of these televisions and they seemed okay but one of them stopped working after about 3.5 months, I could not get a picture. I did not purchase an extra warranty and of course the 90 day replacement warranty had expired so I had to buy another T.V. Even though the other one that I purchased is still working the quality is just not worth it for the price.DO NOT BUY
I have been shopping around for a flat screen and have not been successful but then my aunt suggested that I check Walmart.com because I had done a great deal of my Xmas shopping there...I did as she suggested and found a nice Sony on sale but I ended up with the Sceptre piece of junk because she decided to buy it for me as a gift. I was so happy that i had finally got my flat screen...I hooked it up two days after and was satisfied...later that same night, the screen went blank but the TV's power was still on...I played around with the settings and it stopped going blank...i thought that was it...during the night, it went blank 3more times but i thought i was because i was leaning on the remote...I removed the remote from the bed...when i awoke the next morning, the tv wouldnt stay on for even 3mins at a time...i called the company and they are just calling me back 10mins ago..(3days later), not to mention that the manufacturers customer service reps are so rude ...i am so disappointed...I cant watch tv, play movies or video games...i am mad at Walmart for carrying a piece of junk like this tv...how ever Walmart has agreed to take back the television although i have thrown away the box so all is forgiven... tomorrow I will go to Walmart and purchase a better quality television... IF YOU VALUE YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY...."SAY NO TO SCEPTRE!!!"DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!!!
Picture and sound are ok for cost. Stand is so wobbly I am concerned tv will tip and fall. Contacted customer support, their solution, return TV....that says a lotStand is horrible, tv wobbles
this TV is not worth money. I have owned the tv for less than a year and guess what I turned it on today and now it doesn't work at all. I guess I should have know when it started making a buzzing noise a couple of months ago that something was going to happen. Don't waste your time or money. Thank goodness black friday is right around the corner.not worth the money
I purchased this television for my husband for the bedroom. I have returned it and purchased a VIZIO for a little more money at Target. The sound and picture on the Sceptre were poor. The sound was tinny and the color was dull. Waited a long time for a different TV and wasn't going to settle for the Sceptre. Very disappointed because I relied on the reviews so had to go through the hassle of standing in line to return the product.Don't waste your money
I was fooled into buying this TV because of the low price tag. I actually bought 2, 1 for me and 1 for my sister.
After ~6 months, my sister calls telling me that her TV would does not show a picture anymore only sound, and is letting out some smoke and burning smell. So I thought just one bad unit.
To my surprise, my TV did the exact same thing after a few weeks.
I went online and researched the issue and a LOT of people have the same issue.
Do not be fooled into buying a bad unit. Spend a little more and get a better one.Do not be Fooled
I purchased this TV 3 years ago and it just went out. I was not pleased at all with this product. The volume went out and then the TV started making a funny sound and then it shuts itself off. For the money this was not a good value.Lemon Television
We bought this for my sons room because it was on sale and he just loves it. And what kid wouldnt, but Ive been looking it over and it has a better picture then both of my other brand name televisions. I really wasnt expecting much, but this tv has blown me away.
I have a Plasma HDTV 52" and a 42" LED and this tv has features that I believe are better. Its far lighter than my Plasma, but most LED's are. The frame around the screen is much smaller than both of my other televisions which makes it seem bigger than it is.
For television speakers, the speakers work great. But I've never been one of those surround sound kind of people.
For the price, I dont think think you can beat it. I wouldnt hesitate to buy another or recommend to a friend.I might be scoring this too high.. but
I would totally recommend this tv to anyone wanting a great picture and great quality sound also easy set up.great tv for the price
Good t.v. just wish the sound was better. You have to be in front of it to get a good picture. It's not bad.A good T.V. for the price.
This TV is really light, which make it easy to lift and move. Has a nice picture and the sound quality is good not distorted.Great TV for the price.
While a good price, and not bad for a bedroom; we were very disappointed in the sound quality of this TV. It is very tinny - probably because the speakers are at the back and facing down. Not sure that I would recommend this for daily use or to a friend for purchase.Poor sound quality.
I looked at all the great reviews on this before purchase. The features of the tv were good in terms of the packaging, setup, types of inputs and even the picture for the limited time we watched it. Price obviously seemed good as well.

The sound was pretty bad though. I've had my share of LCD/LED TVs, so it's not that I don't understand that the sound isn't great on the TVs. The issue was with this unit. The different tones or whatever were very different in terms of the sound output. You would have to turn it up to hear some things in the same show and other parts of the same show would be very loud. My wife noticed it as soon as we plugged it in. It's not worth a little cheaper of a unit if it's this bad.

I am returning this and will be getting another Samsung, which I've loved in our living room.Poor sound quality means a return to the store
This tv lasted only a year and a half and now I have to purchase a new tv! Screen started blinking constantly, bought it refurbished and thought i had a great deal;

do not purchase this brand without warranty.Bad Brand
I bought this TV and had it a total of two weeks. It began pretty good; picture was not that hot but for a $200 set it was decent. After the first week, the volume began acting up; you would have to mute the set then un-mute the set before you could adjust the volume. After that, a small line of malfunctioning pixels started showing up in the bottom right hand corner of the screen and grew until it was about half the screen. I returned it to my local Wal Mart and am looking into a different replacement.Started out decent...
WE WERE SO PLEASED AT THE QUICKNESS OF WALMART, IT'S DELIVERY TO OUR STORE, THE HELP WE HAD AT THE PICK UP. BUT WOW, THAT WAS THE END OF OUR SMILES. THE TV ONLY HAD ONE GOOD FEATURE, YOU COULD SET THE SOUND/VOLUME FOR THE TV SHOW AND THE COMMERCIALS TO BE THE SAME, NO MORE FLICKING THE VOLUME UP AND DOWN. THE PICTURE QUALITY WAS TERRIBLE. I HAVEN'T HAD A TV LIKE THAT SINCE THE OLDEN DAYS WHEN THERE WERE NO REMOTES.
DON'T KNOW IF THIS WAS A POOR RETURN AND RESOLD OF IF IT IS JUST THE WAY THIS TV WAS BUT I'D NEVER BUY ANOTHER.
WE RETURNED IT THE SAME DAY AND BOUGHT ANOTHER TYPE.VERY LOW GRADE TV
This TV was broken out of the box. No picture quality, no sound quality. Took it back for a refund, and purchased another, better, brand. Won't do that again.Buy another brand
I purchased this product in February, 2012 with Ship To Store. Picked it up on February 29th, 2012. TV seemed to work great, loved everything about it. 17 days later, burned out. 17 days. No picture, smell of burning wires. Dead.

Sometimes, when something seems too good to be true, it really is.

Buyer beware.Not Worth The Money, Even For $209.99
Had TV for two weeks and the picture just went blank donot buy!!! Poor soundTV Lousy
TV screen no longer turns on, sound still works. Don't buy sceptre.TV Video capacitor went out after 6 months
I bought this as a replacement for a broken tv. It seamed to have good review around the web and the price was in my budget.

It worked ok for 2 months. Then this morning the screen is BLACK and i can hear the nice news lady giving me my morning weather report but there is not sound. I checked the manufacures webs site and they said unplug it for 10 min and try again. Still nothing. So i try and call and it just rings into a service that asks you to leave a message and someone will call you back. There is no live chat will almost 9am PST but im not holding out hope that someone will acutally be on it. I've printed out my return code and taking it back to Walmart after kids off to school. Am very disapointed that this seams to be a VERY common problem with this TV. I should have read more review before buying it but to find that the most common complaint besides picture is a BLACK screen i will never buy this brand again.Cheap Junk
tv just stopped working only after 3 monthsPIECE OF TRASH
This is the best tv available in this size, especially for the price. my only complaint is that once you turn the volume up to a certain level, it seems to not get any louder past a certain point. Either way, I'd definitely recommend this tv to anyone!Best TV for the price!!!
Great picture, sound, quality and price. A must byegreat for first hd.
better than i expected...recommend it to all...however, internal speakers small and weak, like most flat screens...but the simple addition of inexpensive external speakers make it perfect...very good value and quality...
Love itAwesome picture and sound
I was really skeptical on purchasing this TV mainly because of the name brand. Never heard of it and wasn't sure of its quality. I needed a TV to replace the 32" tube TV in my kids room, because I needed a space saver and wanted something safer for my 7 and 5 yr old versus that big TV they had. Upon reading the reviews, I took my chances and bought it. I am more than happy with my purchase and didn't really need much in a TV except to watch TV, DVDs, and play video games. Had it set up within minutes and was not complicated at all. The picture is fine and the audio is great as well. The one small complaint that I have is that the attachment to the base is a bit wiggly and I feel like it could break if someone puts too much pressure on top of the side of it. Other than that, it serves it purpose! It is lightweight, comes with a remote, has a sleep timer on it, and other basic features. I really like how it swivels, which makes it easy for my kids to adjust it without moving the whole TV. I plan on buying another here soon!! If you are looking for a TV that is simple, basic, and not looking for a whole lot...then this is the TV for you.Great for the price!!
When we went to the store to look around $230 only bought us a 27" screen. We checked online and found this! We love the tv, picture isnt beyond amazing but still great.Great for price!
I had never heard of the brand but the size was what I was looking to buy and the price blew the competition out of the water. It took a phone call to my server to get the digital channels to load but once done, I am very pleased with the quality of this product for the money. Picture is clear and sound is stronger than most flat screen televisions without additional sound implements. I bought this for our bedroom and only expected to watch it a for a few minutes before I went to sleep at night, but it is so clear and easy to watch, I sometimes crawl up on the bed in the middle of the day to watch a show instead of watching the big screen in our family room.Great value!
No problems.. Love this T.V!!GREAT T.V
I decided that I need a TV/monitor for my online streaming within a reasonable price range. While i would have preferred 1080p and 120hz this TV is quite adequate. Like many individuals I have chosen to cut the cable cord and watch digital TV or antenna TV. No regrets . The picture quality is superb especially when reception is at the highest quality. The edge lighting enhances viewing ability . One will not regret this purchase as long as they keep in mind that while this is not a industry leader like Samsung or LG its components are believed to be manufactured by Sony TV .
To alleviate reliability concerns such as those expressed by previous comments adding the
4 year service plan would be a wise investment for only $24.00 . That is an unbeatable value. Compare to Best Buy and other electronic retailers you will be forced to return to Walmart.
Finally , delivery was a mere two days with free shipping. Make sure someone is at home as FedEx requires a signature.Major Upgrade as Computer Monitor
I bought this TV for the spare bedroom in my Florida villa. It was a terrific value, easy to purchase on the Walmart website. It arrived within a few days of ordering it. It is very light and easy to set up. Great size and picture for the money.Great bedroom TV
This is a space saving tv with excellent picture.Great tv for great price
good product for the price.kids love it. highly recommend.inexpensive
bought this for my child's bedroom. seems to have great picture and sound. TV is not compatible with dish network so we couldn't program the remote and we'll have to use two remotes instead of one. Not really a big deal though.great tv for kids room
The tv is very excellent picture with very good sound I would tell a friend about this product
and that it was with my money worths so I would recommend this tv to anyone a very good buyA Very Good Tv
We bought this for our son who just moved into his first college dorm. We wanted a good HDTV without spending too much since it was going to a boys' dorm room. I ordered on line and had it sent to his college town Walmart. I put him down as person to pick it up. They texted him when it was in and he picked it up. The boys love it! Thank you Walmart for such an easy process and great product for the money!Great experience with Walmart! Great value for the
I bought the TV thinking it was just going in the bedroom how bad could it be ,I mean it was cheap I didn't expect too much.I unboxed it,connected my sat connections,plugged it in ,turned it on ,did an auto channel search and away we went it came off without a hitch.
One thing though when it first came on the picture was really bad ,it was like the tv could not keep up with the sat.signal. I tried adjusting everything on it to no avail so I was thinking oh well you get what you pay for .BUT after a few minutes it cleared up ,I can't tell you why maybe it had to get broken in? I don't have a clue but it has worked perfectly ever since.
I have told numerous people about this deal.
My opinion is that for the money I could not beat this deal Thanks Wal-Mart.com .Met my expectations
I love this TV. It has such a clear and crisp picture. For the money, this is an excellent deal. We have been very pleased.Awesome Deal
The picture on this is exactly what you would expect from a high-definition TV, pretty awesome. However, the sound is poor in comparison. If TV is turned up too much then speakers produce an annoying feedback. For the money, this is a great deal though!Great value
This TV replaces an old Sharp tv that I've had for about 10 years. The Sharp is about the same size screen, but there the similarity ends. The Sharp is so heavy I can't pick it up or move it. This one is doable. It does have a great picture. You can select your choice of picture styles. The "Normal" is the square style like the old tvs. It leaves a lot of black space around the picture, but it has the best picture because it is close to what is broadcast. The "Wide" style usually fills up the screen. Since it must stretch the picture a bit to fill the screen, it causes a bit of distortion, but I like it best because it is a really big picture. My personal preference.

There are other options, like "cinema", which I have not tried. There are plenty of options for sound too. I had absolutely no trouble hooking up this new tv and getting it going. I have Dish, and as another reviewer mentioned, Sony codes work for setting the Dish remote up for this tv.

As others have mentioned the sound is not great. I bought the sound bar to go with this, and now it sounds fabulous! As for price, you can't beat the price. I paid twice as much for my old tv.This Is A True Great Value
I waited 1 month before reviewing this TV so I could give a pretty accurate experience so far.
I know a lot of the reviewers have complained about the sound which at first I was somewhat put off by. The speakers on this TV are on the bottom of the unit facing down which seems a bit odd. At first I wasn't too happy with the sound but if you take the time and go through all the settings that it has available you can easily adjust the sound to your liking.
The picture is great! This replaced a 25" 1080p in my bedroom and was worried that the quality of the picture wouldn't live up to the older TV since this is a 720p but to my surprise the picture is just as bright and sharp as the 1080p!
The remote seems too big with too many options on it so takes some time to get use to, but is very functional. I love the fact that it has 3 HDMI ports that makes for a better quality picture vs. using RCA cables.
I purchased the 3 year warranty along with the TV for only $19, what a bargain for peace of mind, no hassle return if needed.
I was somewhat hesitant to purchase this Sceptre TV because of some of the reviews but all I can say now is I'm glad I took the chance and have such a great TV at a super price!Super TV for the price!
This is my second flat screen TV and, I must say, I adore it! The Sceptre X322BV-HDR has a beautiful 32" LED class panel that is so bright and vivid the images practically leap off of the 720P HDTV screen. The 1366 x 768 resolution and True 16:9 aspect ratio make viewing movies the way the director intended a true joy. The built in digital tuner picks up local stations like a charm when combined with my RCA multi-directional digital flat amplified indoor antenna, although I have to be careful with standing too close to the antenna sometimes as it can interrupt the signal with certain stations.

Combined with a Netflix subscription via a Roku Streaming Stick and a Google Chromecast plugged into two of the three available HDMI ports and I get more than enough entertainment without the need for a cable TV subscription. The three HDMI ports are placed sideways in a very convenient, easily accessible position, which I really appreciate. My previous TV was a 19" flat screen with one HDMI port sticking out of the bottom of the TV near the stand, which made it darn near impossible to reach, let alone use. There is also one USB port that you can use to access music and photos via a flash drive or plug-in a streaming device. Again, very convenient.

The Sceptre TV is ultra slim and fairly light-weight. I had no problem lifting it up two flights of stairs and I am a 5'5" 135 lb. woman. Assembly of the TV stand was a bit more complicated. The instruction booklet included with the TV was slightly confusing in several areas, but nothing I couldn't figure out myself after turning it upside down until the guide photos matched up with what the setting in front of me. Hint: The screen should be lying flat, facing up towards the ceiling. I had my screen facing down on a flat surface. Oops. There is a wall mount available, but I've always preferred my TVs standing, so I haven't tried it out yet.

The remote is simple to figure out and fairly responsive as long as you remember to point it directly at the TV. Aim for the blue light under the display, that seems to be the sweet spot for me. To switch between HDMI ports all you do is press the Source button, which also gives you access to the USB port and a PCI port to connect your computer. Yes, you can use this TV as a PC monitor and it is a glorious experience, let me tell you. My old monitor was a 15" CRT, in retrospect, so you can imagine where I'm coming from with that.

All-in-all I would recommend this TV to anyone. It would make a great starter flat screen for a teenager and is the perfect size for a kitchen, bedroom, or guestroom.

PROS:

* The 32" 720P HDTV screen with 1366 x 768 resolution and True 16:9 aspect ratio makes for a big, bright, vivid picture display.
* The built-in digital tuner works like a charm when combined with an indoor or outdoor antenna - not included.
* Ultra slim and sleek design.
* Very light-weight and easy to carry.
* Comes with a TV stand or wall mount.
* Comes with easily accessible 3 HDMI ports and one USB port.
* Can be used as a PC monitor via the PCI port.
* Remote control is fairly simple and responsive.
* Perfect screen size for a kitchen, bedroom, or guestroom.
* Would be a great starter TV for a teenager.

CONS:

* Assembly instructions are a bit confusing. Could be easier to understand.

UPDATE 3/13/15: I've had this TV for 3 1/2 months now and it's still going strong! Couldn't be happier with it! Highly recommended!Spectacular Sceptre!
This TV is great!! I have read others reviews and just can not understand why they complain about the TV. This has a great picture, sound is good. Easy to work just plug and play, easy start up. I will be buying more of these for every room in the house.Great TV
to turn up the volume, you have to go into the settings and use the equalizer settings. turn each one of the bars on there to 100%.great tv
Nice TV, even comes with a screwdriver to attach the base. Nice picture and sound, fits my needs wellNice TV for the money
I purchased this TV for my mother who just moved to a nursing home. She uses wireless headphones to hear the TV and immediately we found that the Samsung TV in her room did not have the audio-out (RJ) jacks needed to connect the headphones. We had just purchased a 50" Spectre TV for our living room and her headphones had plugged in and worked perfectly on the first try, so I simply came back to Walmart.com and ordered this one, a little smaller to fit in her room, but with the same audio-out jacks needed for the headphones. A great value, a great solution for the headphone issue! It's very hard to find a TV with these additional jacks, so look to Spectre if you're having the same problem.Excellent Value with Features We Needed
I read the reviews for this TV after I purchased it, but the price was right. I was scared at first, but the picture is 1000 times better than the TV I replaced. The volume sucked at first until I turned it up on the cable box (I have ATT U-verse) and now it is plenty loud. This is (so far) a great tv for the master bedroomso far so good
I was on a budget, as much as I hate that word. I just moved into a big bedroom. I had a huge dinosaur waiting to move in to ruin the look of my newly designed room. Yet, I still was looking for my first flat screen TV purchase. I didn't have a clue what half of the terminology on these TV's meant, and really didn't feel like reading up on it in my spare time while either I went without a TV or the "dinosaur" temporarily filled in. My specific, yet old school 'want' list consisted of a TV that was a minimum 32" for my new bedroom; that I could see clearly from roughly a distance of 10'-12' (which was very important to me, but impossible to know when purchasing a TV online), was easy to hook up (I know that sounds dumb, but I really didn't want to deal!), and that I could hear clearly without everyone "recommending" I purchase a sound bar. With my list in hand, I began searching a few different stores, using the filters for my search (size, price range. There are not a lot of 32" TV's for less than $200. I began reading reviews of the few TV's I could find that were at least 32" and under $200. I really wanted to stay as far below $200 as possible. I was worried because I hadn't heard of Septre. I asked friends if they heard of the name Septre; no one I asked had either. Then again, I wasn't educated enough about electronics to be hooked on a specific brand (this was definitely to my advantage after my purchase).. After reading the reviews, I bought the TV. I've had it for about a month now and am really happy with my purchase. If you haven't heard much about the Septre name like me, no worries. It could have any name on it and wouldn't matter. BIG PRO'S: I price is great for what you get, TV is really light and thin, which I didn't expect because of the price; picture is fabulous from about 10' distance, hooking it up, including the cable, was a breeze. CON: the sound from roughly 10' away is definitely clear and loud enough, but like most flat screens, you can really tell the speakers aren't facing you directly so the sound seems "off" a little, but not enough that you think about it every time you turn it on. Highly Recommend!
Note: there are a lot of features, etc. in the booklet, which I haven't read yet, so there may or may not be something to adjust the sound more than just the volume switch.By Far, Best TV In It's Price Range-Clear Picture!
This is my second TV by this company. I loved the first one and when I bought that one I got it in the color red to match my bedroom decor. The first one is a 26 inch, so I got the second one in a 32 inch for my mother's day present to myself for my bedroom. It was easy to put together, up and running in a few minutes. I love it as much as the first one. So far so good, after all the first one is maybe 3 or 4 years old, may be older, don't remember and still working like the first day I got it. Love it in "red" because now it matches my living room. Thanks Sceptre for 2 great TV's and Thank you Walmart for a "great" price!!Great T.V.
My only issue is with the sound. The speakers are in the back of the tv so the sound is a bit muffled & the bass quality leaves something to be desired. I plan to just get speakers to improve the sound. Otherwise Im satisfied with my purchase...just hoping it stays that way. *fingers crossed*Satisfied
never liked this tv. its volume will only go up about half way, then you keep pushing volume up but it doesn't get louder. it takes a full minute to warm up, u can't just turn it on. the picture was great, when it was willing to come on. it needs restarted alot, then eventualy wont turn on at all. always starts up on widescreen, if u want any other picture u have to reset it each time u watch anything. bad choice, may as well throw $200 in the garbage and avoid the anticipation of a decent productstopped working after 4 months
I've bought 7 of these for our motel. So far three of them have gone dark. Online warranty service works great. Fill out the form, they mail a box to ship the TV in and a postage paid label. Send it off and in a couple of weeks you get your TV back. But what happens when the warranty is gone. I hope they are replacing whatever is going wrong (light or inverter or something) with something that lasts longer. Haiers have been working great.Back Light Goes Out
I guess you get what you pay for, but I expected a little more out of $229. The picture is horrible no matter what setting you have it on. If you set it to normal size then the picture is probably around a 27" inch size which makes it hard to see from a distance. No matter how you adjust the sound, the speakers vibrate even on a setting of 10 which is not loud at all. Put a little more money into a name brand tv and get your money's worth!You get what you pay for
With in a week, all the ports out. So returned this TV and Bought new Philips tv.Worst Tv
I have it 6 months and it quit working!!!!!! Soooo disappointed!Terrible!!!
I ordered this tv, a few weeks later when i turned it on it would make a cracking noise. Then one day after having the tv for 2 and a half months the screen goes black. I contacted the company no help at all. I get my receipt n the tv and head to Walmart. I bet u I won't get this brand anymore,even if they give them out free.not even 3 months
Well the picture was good for 4 months until the TV just blacked out on us. Sound still came on though. Hope Walmart can help me out with an exchange cause, Now I threw the box out after the 90 days was up. And I really liked thisTV.
CarolNO PICTURE ( black screen)
I bought this because it was the most inexpensive 32" tv walmart.com offered. I guess I wasnt too suprised when i hooked it up and the picture was green and distorted, the remote was light weight and looked liked a childrens toy, did not give the feeling of qualty in design. I took it back and got an Element brand TV for $10 more and it works great and looks and feels like a quality product. Spend the extra few bucks on an Element. Skip the Spectre brand.Poor product-find another brand
I was excited to give this TV a try but upon turning it on there were lines going across the screen that just wouldn't go away no matter how I tried to adjust it. I even called the tech people and they tried to help me get rid of the lines but to no avail. Too bad. I returned it. Maybe I got a lemon but I decided to spend $10 more and went across the street to B**t B*y and bought a similar Dynex that works great.Lines on picture on first try
my 4 month old 32" LCD tv has no video. the walmart 90 day warranty has ended and trying to reach Sceptre for a RMA # (which is needed to return the tv for warranty repair) has proven impossible since they do NOT answer the phone, live chat is offline, and the online RMA form fails to send. i would NEVER buy anything else from Sceptre and would not recommend it to anyone.Sceptre is horrible!! tv broke in 4 months!
IT DOESN'T GET PASSED THE LOGO IT STOPPED WORKING IN JUNE.I BOUGHT THIS IN FEB.
the colors were really bad, had to return TV very dark even after adjusting colors, brightness and contrastTerrible picture quality
Purchased online. Worked great, decent picture and sound. TV was turned on i left room and returned to find it no longer working. Not gonna fight with defective brands. Cannot recommend
buying this product. Good Luck.fried on 4th day .. returned for dif brand
My child was very disappointed Christmas morning when her only Christmas gift did not turn on. I would not reccomend anyone purchase this item.Do not purchase.
My wife purchased this TV because of what she thought she was getting as far as value. The TV arrived, we plugged it in straight out of the box, and only half of the screen worked. Do not try to catch the great deal when it comes to TV's...buy name brand!Don't even waste the money...buy name brand!
Bought this as a tv for my kid. After 2 months and very little use it completely went out. Turns on. No picture. Waste of time. Hopefully I can still return it and get a better tv. Will never buy Sceptre again.Don't buy.
I purchased this TV about 2 months ago after reading all of the glowing reviews on here. I got it home and was really enjoying it, was pleased with the pic and sound for the price but went to turn it on one night and all I hear was the sound, no picture...and from the back of the tv was a popping noise and a foul burning plastic smell!
Luckily I was still within the 90 day return policy that walmart has so I exchanged it and paid a little more for a Vizio...haven't had a problem since. Buyer beware!Not such a deal
I bought this as a Christmas gift and it has stopped working within less than a week! I am in disbelief at the terrible quality of this tv. Not only is the tv not working already, but the 3 year warranty I purchased on top of it is not helping or making this return any easier at all. I would not recommend anyone to purchase this product. Do yourself a favor and buy a familiar brand that has true quality. Never again!Worst Purchase Ever
We purchased this tv when our old one went out. Seemed like a good deal. Sound quality was poor, okay picture. We could live with it. Barely 3 months later, we tried to turn it on and got no picture. Some of the previous reviewers had the same problem. Luckily our local Walmart was nice enough to still take it back. We got a different brand, paid the difference and are much happier. I wouldn't recommend this tv to anyone. Pay a bit more for a reliable brand.You Get What You Pay For
Picture went out after three weeks.Picture went out after three weeks.
this product would be a 4 out of 5 if the remote worked. i can't say i didn't see the reviews before i bought it. in the money and time i spent buying universal remotes to replace the worthless one i got, like others have said, only works 1 out of 5 times you turn the tv on if you are lucky. anyway i spent just as much getting it to work with a tek pal remote which is the only one that worked for me, i easily burned up as much as I saved on it. and picture quality is so so. I didn't want to take it back though because you know when you buy something online and put it together you already have a lot of time invested in it. anyway get a better tv, don't go with sceptrethe sceptre is the only thing that doesn't work
Hooked the set up and wouldn't you know it, there was a pixel problem smack dab in center if screen. Ordered a different name brand set.Dead pixel
I bought 8 of these TV's thinking they were a good buy, but they are really a good example of "you get what you pay for" out of 8 purchased the 3rd one died this weekend prompting me to warn people that something is wrong with this product, the failure rate is way too high.Beware
You get what you pay for I guess. Was cheap, so we bought it. Picture quality was great for 2 months and 2 days.
Then the signal would not get picked up from the dish box.
Something in the TV went bad so Walmart took it back under their 90 day return policy.Forget this one
I ordered this tv online on February 29th and picked it up march 3rd. It worked great up until 2 months later and the picture went out one morning all of a sudden. I will never buy this brand again. A good tv would not go out that quick. Don't buy it! your just wasting your money.Don't Buy This TV
I hope we can return this to the store. Plug in's do not work. Dissapointing purchase.plug in's do not work
Very nice TV for the money the 3 weeks that it worked.TV Failed after 3 weeks use.
I bought this TV for my son in June 2012, the tv is now dead on Sept 2012. Wal mart did not want to take it back. But I was able to get a really nice manager to approve the return. BEWARE this is a piece of garbage.Do not Buy this TV
i bought 2 of these TV at regular price 6 mo 1 of the TV went black no power i contact the company they sent me a replacement 6 mo after the replacement came in, both TV broke on me with the same problem no power i would never mark my world never buy a unknown name brand tv in Walmart for the rest of my life maybe think my next TV it's going to come from best buyTV has a sort life DONT BUY it a waste
I have owned this product fro about 2 years now and it sits in my offfice which means it is used less than an hour a day during my lunch breaks as I am a home worker. I liked it so much that i purchased a 2nd one for my daughter a while later. But, for the past 6 months, the screen has been going black Intermittingly. Now whenever I turn it on, it stays black with only audio being heard. It's past the 90 day return window but I expect a television to last longer than 18 months.Worked Fine for about 1 year, now Black Screens
My overall rating is one star because of their service. I would not purchase this TV. I got this TV in May 2012 and in February 2013 the picture went out. Just a black screen I could only hear sound. I contacted Sceptre, and they issued me a RMA# and a shipping label(that I had to print from my email) and I had to pack up the TV, and take it to my local UPS store and have it shipped. They are based in CA so it took 5days to get there. They so-called replaced the power board and shipped it back to me the day after they got it which took another 5days to get back. I got it back, used it for 2 days, turned it on the 3rd day and was having the SAME ISSUE. I emailed them and did not receive a response back so I called only for them to tell me I must go thru the same process again.(pack, ship, wait) They told me other then this process, there is nothing they can do for me. I reminded them that I already gave them a chance to fix it and they failed so why would I want to trust that they would repair it this time and his response to me was "lets not think that far ahead and assume they wont fix it the 2nd time" I know the price is great but it's really not worth the hassle of shipping this large TV back and forth to CA. Buy a brand that is known and trusted and stands by good customer service.Sceptre TV warranty
Don't buy this TV. I bought it, and the LCD backlight failed. Not too bad, it was still under warranty. Shipped it in and they did fix it. But it is now almost precisely one month past its one year warranty date, and the set has failed completely. Not the backlight, I think, but some other major component. I get the logo splash screen, then nothing. Put your money towards a reputable brand.looks great for a while, then failure
The left speaker was seriously defective. As soon as you turned up the volume passed 10 it started to vibrate and the words and sounds were unbearable. I could connect it to a sound system, but if their quality control folks gave these speakers a "passed" rating, how confident can I be about the rest of the TV? I took a chance and I lost. This one is going back to Walmart pronto.

Bascially you're flipping a coin if you decide to buy this unit. So you just have to ask yourself one question..."do you feel lucky?" Unfornately I was not.Left speaker did not work
Our picture went black and after unplugging and trying to see if it was the cable or other problem it is just the quality of the TV. It will likely cost more to fix the problem than we paid for the TV, so it was basically a big waste of money.Stopped Working after about 6 months...
The tv wasn'tood The screen was black . Took it back.tv did't have a picture screen black
bought this tv 6 months ago, it worked fine until a few days ago, the screen went black, I am in the process now of trying to get a rma # to send it back for repairs. still waiting, I hope that sceptre will make their warranty good.dont buy, wont last
TV lasted approx. 2 months, was working fine except for sound quality. Went to turn it on and the rear of the TV panel flashed then the screen went blank. TV still had power on the LED and there was a burnt smell. Tried to unplug then wait a while but the screen and audio did not work anymore.

Brought the walmart service plan thinking I could avoid manufacturer hassles. My mistake, it only takes effect after the manufacturers warranty. Got in touch with Sceptre customer service, they basically said I could just send it back, even though shipping would be covered (I think), I would've had to pay extra to insure it along with confirmation. Said forget that and just returned it to the store since it was within the 90 day.

Went with the 32" Vizio that was $50 more. MUCH BETTER TV, known quality brand, better audio and picture, TV does not feel as flimsy as the 32" Sceptre LCD. Well worth it, you get what you pay for.Cheap Junk - Burnt Out
I got the tv and i guess i didnt rate fairly above i never got to see the picture quality or anything. My site to store item was broken when i opened it.dissapointed
I bought this TV on March 10, 2012. By July 17th, it had quit working. Junk.Junk.
I bought this HDTV in May and by September the pcture started to go out. I just missed the 90 day return poilicy and Sceptre never answers the phone. I would not recommend this HDTV for those who want longevity or will be using this as their main TV.Get what you pay for.
Great price, but I was a bit hesitant before ordering this Sceptre TV. It wasn't a surprise to me that it came in defected. It wouldn't turn on the very first minute I plugged and set the TV up. I read through the whole manual to see what I was doing wrong. I tried using the remote with different batteries. I used different outlets around the house. It still wouldn't turn on. There was no sound/picture. Nothing.Will not order this TV again
I bought this television and when i set it up, was disappointed with the grainy picture quality. After a while I got used to it though as "you get what you pay for." The sound was also tinny and distant. All of which I could deal with as it was just an extra television for the bedroom. After about three weeks, the picture and sound just stopped working. Thankfully, WalMart has an excellent return policy if within the 90 days. I do not advise wasting your time with this television.poor product
Very disapointed in this TV. I guess you get what you pay for. Totally black screen after only 6 months. From all I have read, this is a fairly common problem and not a cheap fix. It would cost more to fix than the price originally paid. This TV has a lot of good reviews, which I did research before buying, but it did not work out for me and I will not buy another. Much better luck with Viore.Bad Investment/ Don't Buy!
Long story short- The picture went out after 2 hours of watching TV. The sound was still good but there was absolutely nothing to be done about getting the picture back. I got this TV for my disabled sister who lives in Michigan and I live in Kentucky, so it really was a sad situation.Now I am a believer in "you get what you pay for!"
I would never recommend this tv to anyone! I bought this tv about 3 months ago and it worked for about 1 month and then the picture went out so I got another one and 3 days after I had it the tv shut off and will not come back on at all....This is the worst experience that I have ever had with a tv, I guess you get what you pay for!Very Disappointed!!!!
YOU DONT KNOW WHAT YOU ARE GETTING, JUST READ THE OTHER REVIEWS. FOR SOME PEOPLE THE TV WORKED FINE, BUT FOR OTHERS NOT SO GOOD. I ADMIT, I WAS BEING CHEAP AND AS A RESULT, THE TV STARTED SHOWING A BURY PICTURE AFTER ONE WEEK! I AM ACTUALLY RETURNING THE TV TODAY AND WILL ADD SOME MORE MONEY AND BUY A BETTER WELL KNOWN BRAND. THIS BRAND IS USED OR USE TO BE USED MOSTLY AS COMPUTER MONITORS. I COULDN'T FIND THE TV CODE FOR THIS BRAND TO PROGRAM IT TO MY CABLE REMOTE, HA. OVERALL THE TV IS CHEAP AND APPEARS TO BE A GREAT BUY, BUT I WOULD ADD MORE MONEY AND BUY A BETTER BRAND.DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT..READ THE REVIEWS
I thought I was getting a really good deal with the Sceptre TV so I bought 2 for my son and I bedroom. I took the tv's home and set up my son's tv first. The TV came on right away, then 20 minutes later no picture at all.. Just sound! I tried everything and even called technical support (after repeated calls going straight to voicemail) but I was unsuccessful. I decided to return both tv's even though I only had problems with one of them. I never heard of the sceptre brand before so I figured you get what you pay for. I paid an extra 100 bucks and got 2 tv's that were a better brand. So glad I did!!DON'T DO IT!!
The TV was good for the first 10 or so months and then the screen just died. Just spend the extra money and buy a name brand TV.Dies after 10 months
received tv in 2 days which was great, set up was no problem voice is sometime s tinny , but was worth every penny i paid for it, .97 cent shipping charge to my house was great i can't drive to my local Walmart for that amount of money, very pleased with the purchase only thing i don't like was that 2days after my purchase the offered the same Tv with a stand for $30.00 moregreat deal
I was skeptical of the brand, but the reviews for this product were outstanding (better than those of better-known brands), and I am pleasantly surprised at the picture quality and number of features the TV has. The TV has been great, and I'd recommend the Sceptre brand to anyone looking to save some money, but get a high-quality product.Great TV, Great Price
I purchased this TV in November of 2011 for my girlfriend's kids. It was their first TV to call their own and they were finally able to use it on Christmas Day. After having the TV for over four months now, there hasn't hasn't been any issues to report.

For a TV of its value, it has nice sound and good picture quality. It's a good purchase if you're looking to upgrade in size and are on a tight budget, especially for those who are fairly new to living out on their own. I plan on purchasing another one to upgrade the old box shape TV that we have in our livingroom.

I would definitely recommend this TV to anyone looking to get a new television.Great TV for its value!
We purchased this tv for our daughter's bedroom, we have two Vizio brand tv's in other rooms in the house. This looks as good as the vizio's, actually may look better, and the picture quality is very clear. We have had no issues with sound volume, as some other buyers have complained about. We could have saved a couple hundred dollars buying this flat screen for the other rooms instead of the Vizio's if we had known how pleased we would be with it.
Highly recommend.Great buy!
Happy with the purchase price and product, hopefully it lasts.So far so good.
We bought this LCD TV to replace an older, smaller TV on our lanai. It works great! We can now watch sports and our favorite TV shows with ease. It is mounted in a covered area that receives a lot of sunlight, but we've had no problems with glare. For the price, it's a great value. We also purchased the "Articulating Wall Mount for 10 to 37 Flat Panel TVs" and it works well - also a very good value!Great Value
I've know the Sceptre brand name for over 30 years as I've sold home and business computers and always preferred the crisp, clear images of Sceptre monitors. I've never had a Sceptre monitor fail and I'd expect this HDTV to give the same performance.

The images on this LCD HDTV surpassed anything I've seen and the value was phenomenal. Even at full price there is not another HDTV brand I would ever purchase. To say the least, I am very satisfied with my purchase. It's light and easy to move on it's swivel stand. The viewing angle is wide and it's colors are vibrant.

Installation only took an instant. To my surprise they even included a small cross-point screw driver to attach the four screws needed to assemble the base of the stand.Best LCD-HDTV Value I've Ever Seen
I purchased this for use as a computer monitor because I needed a larger screen. I tested
it first on my cable tv system before connecting to my computer via the vga input.
In both cases the results were outstanding. I am now able to read computer documents and
files without difficulty. Installation is easy. Considering both price and performance, I
could not expect more. A great buy and a great performer.Excellent viewing both on cable tv and computer.
This TV was very easy to unpack and set up. It has an excellent picture and I don't have any complaints at all. The price was about what other much smaller TVs cost. We couldn't be happier.A great TV for the price
This was a an affordable way to get a nice LCD HDTV. The color and sound are great for me and it was easy to hookup to my DVR cable box, NeoTV box and DVD.The base is a bit wobbly but I plan on mounting it on the wall soon. I am so glad I found this deal.love my new TV
I bought this for $160. It's a great functioning electronic that I've had no problems with except for the sound. The sound quality is not that great. It sets up easily and has a crystal clear picture. One other shortcoming is the tv tuner. There's greater reception with a tv antenna.Great value
The picture quality is clear and can be set to a number of high depth levels. The sound is sharp. The step by step directions will get you up and working in no time. And if anyone is like me, it was easy to install and set up on my own.If I had to sum up in one word: Fantastic!
Great TV for the money. Great Pic and easy to use control. Only draw back was the volume, going to add a sound bar and see if that helps. Would recommend this TV to anyone.Great Buy!!
I was really impressed with the price of the tv. When I recieved it i was even more impressed with the style of the flat screen and all of its hook ups and features. it pluged up to my sound system easily as well as my dvd player.It definately met my expectations. I have a small living room space so the 32 inch was perfect. I couldnt be more satisfied.Great for a small living space
Happy with the whole TV upgrade experience from begining to finish:)Great LCD TV for the price adverticed.
Beyond my expectations. Great Picture. We use with our existing surround surround. Super fast delivery too! Will definitely purchase again.Can't beat the price and quality.
Bought this Television in the fall. It has held up beautifully. The Sound is great to who ever said it was quiet, mine has great volume. I keep it at 6 or 7 most of the time. Works great with my Wii. Only one drawback to this television the HDMI ports are interesting to get to but not impossible like some televisions. For the price however I will take that one problem.Great for the Price!
Sceptre's are great quality TV's for their price. I bought my first 32" @ 5 years ago and it is still going strong. Picture and sound quality have not diminished and I am still happy with the purchase.2nd Sceptre I've purchased. Both have been great.
Better than expected for the price. Compares well to a Samsung I bought a month before for bedroom with the same specs and paid half again as much. Was a liitle leery of the sound quality because of other reviews, but the sound is excellent. (Used wall mount).great tv for excercise room.
I purchased this for our bedroom. We have a Sceptre 50" in the den so I knew the quality of this brand. Excellent picture, set it up in 5 minutes. Just what we were looking for.excellent purchase
This is such a great deal for an awesome product. Why anyone would pay more for the same size t.v. is beyond me. The size, weight, picture, sound & price is the best value out there. No doubt about it. I highly recommend this to anyone in the market for a flat screen. If for some reason your local store doesn't stock this item, you can search online to see if another store in the area does or go with the free site to store shipping option.Why pay more?
Hi I have had this TV for one week and I'm a gamer and I do use a computer a lot I have to say this has everything I needed and the picture even without HD was excellent and now with it it blows my mind and the viewing aria seems bigger to me then a 32 inch largely due to the way it was constructed .
Bottom line if your looking for a good midsize TV I would recommend this one in a heart beat its easy to assemble and well put together and lighter then any TV of its class I've seenits a grate buy
i only have had it for a couple weeks but am impressed on the clarity of the picture. the sound is 100% more than i expected for the price. i have it in my bedroom and 3 is loud enough and voices are clear. i may put it in our living room as we have a 32 out there but the volume is not very goodgreat tv
This TV is one of the best things I have used my money on! I love the shipping, I love the size, and the picture! I had an old flat screen that was not HD. I play Xbox all the time. That is why I got this TV. I am a die-hard Battlefield player and I have always wanted to play it in HD. This TV has outstanding picture for the price and the sound is good enough for me but I know there are some picky people out there. Overall, this TV is great for gaming, and the input features let you extend your experiece. One of my greatest buys!jcarter1207
meets all my expectations. Very happy with purchase.family and friends are impressed with this value
Good so far...Sceptre 32" Class LCD
This was the cheapest 32" TV I could find. My mom needed one, but didn't need very many options. This has exceeded my expectations by far. The picture is great. Way better than the expensive TV I bought a few years ago.Great TV, Great Price
Some of these people writing reviews are probably the people that cant be pleased no matter what. I found this tv perfect, works good, sounds good. I was a little concerned because it wasnt 1080pixels, it was 720 or something like that, but I cant tell the difference, it looks clear and crisp. Good purchase with a good price.Not a thing wrong with this tv
this is my first hdtv as i am a little behind in the electronics world. it is better than i expected. it was delivered about 10 earlier than expected and that was good. however, it took me forever to get it installed. i didn't have the right cable since i had never had this type of tv before.

i just got it installed today and i love it. what a difference.

'HAPPY HOLIDAYS' to me.

judy c.my first hdtv
I am very pleased with my purchase of the Sceptre 32" LCD tv. The television is a great bargain for the price that was paid. I bought an additional 3 year service plan, but I hope I won't need it. Great price and wonderful product. Very pleased!Sceptre LCD TV
For the price I was really surprised at how nice the picture and sound are. So far we have had no problems with this product.Great product for the price.
I had purchased a Sceptre LCD 2 years ago & have been very happy with it. This TV is even better! Picture is great, sound (after adjusting the equalizer) is very good & setup was as simple as scanning for channels. A great feature on this TV is the "Guide" button which (for those without cable or dish) shows you what programs are coming up later on that channel! This TV is absolutely a Winner!2nd Sceptre TV
At first I was skeptical about buying a brand that I wasn't familiar with. But considering that it was only $179 for a 32" I decided to give it a try. I was pleasantly surprised at all the features included in this TV - some of which I won't ever use, like the HDMI and the USB flash drive, but I especially liked the closed caption options and sleep timer features.Love this TV
Easy to set up, easy to use. Excellent picture quality, but I do have a dead pixel in the top left corner which isn't even noticeable unless you're specifically looking for it. It's not 1080P, but if you're watching the set from the proper distance your eyes cannot resolve the difference anyway. Three HDMI inputs are very convenient. Perfect for a guest room, child's room, or dedicated use for a game console. You can't beat the price - I paid more than double for another same sized HDTV two years ago and this one blows it out of the water.excellent small HDTV monitor
I purchased this for a spare bedroom and I am quite pleased with the picture quality. I'm not sure how it would hold up with everyday use, but the picture looks is great, very lightweight and easy to set up!Good Value for the Price
Audio could better but over all great tvGood size for its prize
I live in an one bedroom apartment so this 32 inch was great. The sound quality could be higher but the graphics are great for the price. it was easy to set up and quick too.Great for a smaller space
I am 98percent deaf but i can hear the tv in my bedroom although it is in the living room. the pictures are jsut perfect I don't have cable Chanel but i use antner and i got really good pictures I was shock it took me about 9mins to assemble the TV partly because i was over excited the remote control comes in new bag with everything new . the tv the price is just perfect keep it up walmart love the productcool TV
I was very surprised by the great color definition a 720p TV has. This is my first flat screen, and I was very pleased not only with the picture quality, but the great price from Walmart! Blacks are black, and whites are white. If you've done any research about flat screen TVs these are the hardest colors to get as a true color. This TV does it very well! The only adjustments I made from factory settings was to raise the bass up a bit in the volume control setting, change the picture to wide screen. and the picture to the "warm" setting. For me, this gets you the best picture and sound. The update speed is very good for a 720p, though I know this TV will eventually go in my bedroom and I will get a 1080p.
In short, for the price, this is a GREAT TV!Great flat screen TV!
I needed a decent TV for the bedroom and didn't want to spend a ton of money. I ordered this online and it came arrived in about 3 days. Have been very satisfied with it. The picture quality on some of the channels is snowy, but I think that's because of my cable Company. The Digital channels are very sharp.Best Value around for a 32"
This is a good price for what i needed, i couldn't find a monitor in the 27" to 32" that had a VGA plug in as i have a 2010 computer that doesn't have HDMI out puts.Good computer monitor
I've never seen such a sharp picture. After scanning to find all the cable channels I was amazed at the clarity of the picture without setting anything up just right out of the box,it was perfect.Best Ever!
This is all I expected and more! Some reviewers complained about the sound quality. Right out of the box it sounded terrible! Adjusted the sound it it sounds great!Great TV!
I ordered this item online for $149, though I'd never heard of the brand. It was the cheapest 32" TV I could find after Black Friday. (By the way, I also purchased a Hisense 32" TV in-store at Walmart, about 10 days later, for the same price. Had never heard of that brand, either.)

It was delivered free to the store nearest my house within a day or two of ordering. Very quick. It was simple to add the plastic base onto the bottom. Took about 20 minutes to read the instructions and finish it.

It has a beautiful picture. I connected my Roku (for Netflix and Amazon Prime), a DVD player, and a digital antenna for local TV. I've been using it for about 10 days, and all are working perfectly.

The TV is replacing a 32" LG that I bought more than five years ago (I recently gave it to my son). 32" TVs have gone down in price nearly 70 percent since 2009. I paid $400 for the LG at Walmart in October 2009, and these were both $150 in December 2014. Also, the LG is an LCD screen, and these are both LEDs, 720p.

Good buy, well worth the money. Get yourself one. Because you deserve it.Great picture, great price
good tv real good pitcure sound and easy to set up.sceptre 32 inch tv
I love the t.v. The picture is great. I do not understand the sound. It goes up to 100, but sometime's I can't understand what they are saying. I've tried to read the book to fix the problem and it say's fixed. I don't know what that means. I do like the t.v. Ijust don't like the sound.Thank you GrannyBeautiful t.v.
NEW HOME 3 BEDROOMS GREAT SIZE FOR EACH ONE EASY EASY EASY SETUP MAYBE GETONE FOR PATIO !!!!!!! ????????? THANKS WALMART , ADDED SOUND BAR FOR EACH ONE FOR GREAT SURROUND SOUNDGREAT TV IT'S MY THIRD ONE
Purchased this tv for a spare room sight unseen and so far have been very pleased. 1) This TV was shipped in 2 days from CO. to AZ. for the total shipping cost of $2.97 which made my full order including tax $198.44. 2) The shipping was via FedEx and provided tracking and delivery confirmation 3) All descriptions and specs were completely accurate. 4) TV was easy to unpack, add the base, and plug in to start using. 4) Picture and Sound for an extra room were great (this would not be my primary TV, but to each his own) so this fit exactly what I was looking for. 5) I am usually the last person to give a perfect rating, but in this case I have to, I would suggest this TV to anyone.Great TV for extra room
The remote uses the sony codes...hello... who makes this? Great sound incredible picture. I have a panasonic 50 inch plasma and a Samsung 46 inch led 8000 series my two sceptre tv's a 32 and a 40 cost a fraction of the price of one of them and offer a much better picture. The ship-to-store experience was incredible. Nice job Walmart!!Awesome value
Excellent TV. No glare and an outstanding picture and is used here for air signal only.excellent value
This is my 1st review, I got my tv today, had it shipped to a walmart store, at 1st I was a little upset the box was smashed up looked like a return. I got it home, opened it, took the base out it had light scratches on it. I was mad. Then I took the tv out, the screen protecter had scratches and a big cut, 1st thing I thought was the screen was gonna be damaged, I took protecter off suprised it was thick. Screen was fine not a even a tiny scratch, took 3 mins to put screws into base, found out it was a swival base. I was happy. I been wanting a tv with a swival base. Got the cable box n wii hooked up, played with picture settings and looks amazing. I do run my cable with a hdmi cord, (but no hd channels) the sound is so so I can hear it so I can't complain not cinima quality. LOL I have no complains no more I have had 5 or 6 tv's and this is the best. I was worried about it only being a 720p but turns out its a amazing tv for the price.Great Tv!
I bought this tv for my guest bedroom and have been very happy with it. Grandsons come to stay and play video games and they say it's sound and graphics are better than their 1080 at home. All this for less than $200 in a 32"....could'nt be happier. I like the turntable base,too!Great tv great value
Hi
I recd my 32" Sceptre LCD today #quite a surprise from Walmart really - I was expecting this product to be shipped over by this weeked but unknown to me it got shipped @ my residence today #free home shipping product since I ordered it online# - Thanks Walmart for the prompt and effective service in shipping this product

Upon opening this product, we received everything as mentioned in the list
TV setup was a piece of cake and in less than 10 minutes, we were able to setup our new TV

Remote options are yet to be explored, but TV looks fantastic - Audio/Sound is too good to be true.

I am playing mp3 songs via USB and they sound exceptionally good.

Cannot review Video since I am waiting for my satellite connection.

I was able to register this TV model/serial number on the Sceptre site without any fuss.

My experience with Walmart and Sceptre has been really good so far.

Will update about video experience once my satellite connection is up and running by this weekend.

That's all from my end :-#True Value for Money
Have been watching for a week. It's incredible for the money. Bought it for a vacation rental property, but I don't want to give it up.

We have a Visio and I can't see any difference.

Great product for the money!Best TV for the money!
Excellent TV for the price. Also pleased that the Guide includes future listings and not just what is showing at the time on the channel to which you are turned.Great 2nd TV
Sound not quite as loud as I would like when DVD plugged in. May be DVD player. Otherwise great.Good Buy
Cheapest 32" HDTV out there, good pic quality, good sound, 3 HDMI, and pc, and usb hookups, works well with my Blueray player and Netflix.

-KoogGreat Overall TV
We bought this TV for parents who finally agreed to replace their fully functional 15-year old CRTs. So, the price was a major consideration; advanced features were *not*. I don't think you can find a better 32" for $230 (I don't think you could find *any* 32" for $240; although I am sure there will be something shortly). It has 3 HDMI ports plus VGA, S-Video (for old laptop) and usual composite / Red-White-Yellow stuff (haven't used it yet).

The stand feels a little flimsy (especially when I am turning TV); and the picture is different from 1080p sets - but for the price, it's a great TVExcellent TV for the price
Great price, easy to assamble, easy to control. I'm sure there are more fancy tv's but for this price I couldnt get better. Highly recommendedVery satisfied with my purchase
My mom needed a new television and we could not afford get her anything big. I was looking online at Walmart.com when I noticed this television at an online price of only $199.95. I called my brothers and sister to see if everyone could pitch in and get it for her for Mother's Day. It was going to be perfect. I ordered it, had it sent to the Walmart Neighborhood Grocer by my home and picked it up on Mother's Day on my way to Mom's house. We got it in the house without her seeing it and when she noticed it sitting on the floor, she started screaming!! She was so happy! We got it all hooked up for her and she was thrilled with the picture and color. The 32'' TV was the perfect size for her little living room! She was amazed at how thin it was too. Thank you, Walmart for offering this at a great price that we could afford to buy for our mom!Great TV at an Awesome Price!
My Son Loves his New TV Hooked it up within Minutes no trouble. Picture is good sound is goodAwesome Tv
If you'll looking for an inexpensive TV then this is the one for you,I highly recommend this to any and everyone.Great TV
I was concerned that this was not the 1020, so thought the picture might not be as clear as I'd like. I had purchased another tv from another retailer that I returned because I couldn't hook it up to my older model vcr, got few air channels with my antenna and had a few other complaints. I was unsure of that decision but very happy now that I have purchased this one. I hooked up my VCR and didn't even have to purchase special cables. Also purchased an inexpensive hdmi cable (about $5) and can now watch movies from my laptop! An inexpensive antennae was hooked up (about $10) and I am getting many air channels. Sound and picture are great and I really like the swivel base that the other TV didn't have. All I want to add now is a bluray wi fi dvd player to play my dvds and watch netflix movies! Very pleased with this purchase and it is much better than the more expensive TV I returned because I just wasn't ahppy with it. I purchased the antenna, hdmi cable, and can purchase a highly rated bluray player for the same price of the TV I returned. Excellent value so far! Features got a 4 star because when I request info, I don't get the program name. Does everything else!Like it
was very much suprised at the bargin, very pleased with the picture and quality.great TV for your den
Great value for the money!Great value for the money
While I've only had my Sceptre 32" TV for a few weeks it has not been disappointing in the least. You need to take a look at the Sceptre product line. Easy to set up, many nice features included and also well thought out.
When I did my homework and found out they were associated with Hitachi of Japan and also have Sony components I was sold.
This is a excellent value!Its a Keeper!!!
I was hesitant at first because I was unfamiliar with the brand, but after reading other reviews decided to give it a shot. I bought 2 of these for mine and son's bedrooms. Sound and picture are good for the money, but not quite up to the quality of my (37inch) Samsung. All in all I'm satisfied with them for the purpose, and the price.good value
As we don't really have alot of money we were very happy with this television. It doesnt have the rich picture of the much more expensive units but its great for the price.nice television for the price
Bought this TV for my parents for Christmas. Was a replacement for an 11 year old 25" tube tv, so the 32" flat screen and HD were a giant leap forward for them!
Extremely pleased with how quickly we received it (ordered on Monday - delivered to home by that Thursday) and loved the free home shipping.
Very easy to setup and could not believe how lightweight (after having the old behemoth tv) this unit was. Pulled it out of the box - screwed the stand onto the bottom and had it up and running in no time flat. Set it up while the parents were gone so it was running strong when they got home.
We have it hooked up to satellite HD and that works great.

Only real knock on it is the sound quality at times. Most channels work just fine but on some sporting events the background noise of crowd drowns out the announcers. I'm not a big tech/sound guru so I might just not have found the proper setting and we most definitely don't have it hooked up to surround sound so those things may help.

Have had it about a month now but so far EXTREMELY pleased with this TV and would highly recommend it for anyone looking for an inexpensive (but not cheap made) upgrade to the flat screen HD TV world!Great Value HDTV
Works good. Good TV for the price. 720p. Is what I expected.Good for the price
Great picture, great sound. Can't beat it for the price. For a bedroom or mid-sized living room perfect.Great buy for the price!
I am extremely happy with my purchase. Picture quality is great with HD; however, a little dark with normal viewing. Sound is a little "tingy" by itself, but we have attached surround sound speakers and sound is great now. And like I said...for the price, this is a great deal.Great TV for the price!
The tv in the master room broke down, so it was urgent to get an other but we didn't had much founds so the price on this tv got my eye.
We really liked it and are very pleased with it, because considering the price you wouldn't expect it to be so complete! You can easily conect diveces to create your own mini entertainment center, so it is a great investment.A great deal! A blanced tv for a very low price
I like the fact that was very easy to connect, the picture was as good as it could be. I am not a gaget person but I am very pleased with the product. Also very light weight I was able to get it in and out of the car and into the house with out calling a male family member. The price was priceless!!!!Great TV for the price!!!
I purchased this TV per my mother's request for her bedroom. Works very well. Picture and sound quality is not bad. Perfect for the bedroom. Easy to set up. Would highly recommend for the price.Great TV for the price
The stand is not sufficient for the TV, it leaves it wobbly and vulnerable to accidents. I stacked books under each side to support it and keep it steady. But the TV reception is great, color is perfect and it was easy to hook up.Just received and set up my computer.
Great picture. Viewing screen is larger than I figured it would be. This is very nice. Can be used for a computer monitor as well.Great buy for the price!
Looking for a LED TV that would provide good picture quality for a reasonable price. This did that. Volume would be the only complaint.good picture for the price. Had 3 HDMI connections
I bought this same TV two years ago and it has performed great. needed two more, can't beat the value for a 32" TVGreat TV Value
This TV seems to compare favorably with the other brands in the size and somewhat higher price range. I'm not altogether pleased with the sound quality and there's no tone control. This is helped by connecting powered speakers with controls. I did find the stand wobbly, as others have noted, but putting desktop size speakers under each side helped to stabilize the screen. The picture quality at 720p seems impressive for its size, though with LED, some of the warmth from CRTs seems to be lacking. One gets used it, hopefully, and after a week, I don't notice it so much. There are controls for brightening and changing the temperature which I'll try. The picture when watching DVDs has problems to some extent. There's fringing sometimes around the image edges, and some images within the picture tend to blur together in a not very prerry mass...like a video game without enough RAM, I think. One of the reasons we got this thing was to watch the vast collection of YouTube videos when we connect our iPad mini to the set via a VGA cable. We could also have the HDMI cable, but it costs more. Someone said the definition is better with that, but I'm more than satisfied, and the VGA lets me connect the 'pad to the projector if I need a really large presentation.Met my expectations. Good value for the price
Good TV for a decent price. Picture quality isnt the greatest in the world, but is an hd experience better then tube tv's. Unit itself looks sharp and nice. And with a free site to store shipping option, that makes this a hands down winner best price for a 32 inch lcd.Good Value.
Great buy for the money.great price for a LCD TV
I am 14 years old and I know what you all are thinking..."Why should I listen to him". But I do a lot of research into things. I was looking for a new TV that I could buy with my Christmas money. So I looked through a lot of sites such as Amazon, Walmart, Google shopping, ect... So I found this on sale for 209. I was fairly excited because I was upgrading from a 19 inch Sanyo HDTV to a 32inch Sceptre. So I got my money together and got my dad he said it looked like a good deal but we should more because we've never heard of Sceptre. So i did more research and found it was worth the buy. So we couldn't find any other TV to match the price and size. So i bought the HDTV it was a great buy for that low of a price, Great shipping it said anytime from 12\29-1\4 and i ordered it on the 27th and got it on the 29th! This is a great buy but from my view the sound wasn't even all that good but it's decent something i can work with and everything else is pretty good! But if you have extra money I would suggest if you get it a 2 year warranty with it, Or a Sanyo, LG, Sony in the same size. Hope this helps!This is a GREAT BUY for saving money!
Great bargain for the moneyGreat Value
I have another tv just like this one that is perfect. The one I ordered from Walmart is defective. I called Sceptre and spoke to them and they told me the tv has a bad front panel which affects the picture quality and I'm guessing the sound as well. Returning it and ordering another oneDefective
Ordered one and set it up. Then ordered a second one.Great value for the money
TV was a great price and good picture quality the only issue was that the sound quality was really low.Sound not loud enough
I think it is the best HDTV-LED for the money. Don't hesitate to try this one out. I have 2 of them and really like them. The base sound is rough on some shows, but very few. If you do not have a sound bar, you will still like the sound on this TV.
The picture and fetures are fantastic for the price.
Check this one out.Great LED TV
Can't bet the price for this HDTV 32" compared to other brands.Price was very resonable.
I bought this TV from Wal-Mart about 2 years ago, still going strong. Great picture and features, poor sound. Great for kids room or spare room TVGood TV for the price
The picture and sound could been better, but for the price it's ok. Purchase this for my son and he mostly use it to play video games. So according to a 14 years old "It's Awesome."OK For The Price
For being a really cheap 32inch, WORTH BUYING, overall great product.32inch tv awesome
I have had this tv in operation for about 10 days. For the money, it is a "no brainer". It was inexpesive, shipped free of charge to my house, and fits as a great tv for our vacation home. I did not want to spend a lot of money for a tv that is rarely used, but now that I have had it in operation, I may buy another one for our bedroom in our primary home.

There have been no issues. Good sound, picture, and a remote that is very easy to navigate. Not a lot of frills, but I got to tell you the simple nature of this tv is refreshing.

This tv is a great value and I am very happy with it. Feel the need to spend a couple hundred more on a name brand, go ahead and waste your money.No Brainer
We bought this tv for my 92 year old Nana. She needed a big screen so she could see the screen in her room. For the price this tv was great! We also bought wireless head phones so she could hear better without having to blast the regular tv volume!Great TV for the Money!
Great product, excellent price. Put this television in my kids room and they love it as wellGreat product
Needed an extra tv not to be used that much so went with something less expensive. It is great for the price.Great for the price
We bought this based on cost, as optional tv. It was simple to get set up and surprisingly good picture, I am no techno qeek but it works just great, i am using the tuner at this time and we are pleased with it. Only thing in a negative is the volume low is not as low as I would like it to be. but hey that is manageable for the price.Sceptre 32" LED
great deal for the price. I'm enjoying this product to the fullest. I do wish it was all functional with just one remote control, and was a little less complicated.cant beat it for the price
it's a decent picture, sound is a bit echo-y/hallow.. but we're planning on getting a sound bar to help with the lack of bass. other then that.. it's a decent tv if you're not looking to spend a lot of money. it's our bedroom tv and works just fine for us. wouldn't pay more than $200 for it.good enough..
Bought 2 tvs ,,, one had a blue dot that would not go away took it back, I rec paying a Little bit more and get better picture quality, Good for a kids room but not for the main living room area. Liked the site pickup and it is safer then having it delivered to the house. Takes about the same amount of time but during holidays it s quicker to have it sent to the store.Pay more for better quality
The Tv itself is great but the sound is not that great. I bought this TV for my kid's playroom so it works but I'm not pleased with the soundBad sound
I like the TV. The sound is a little off or tinny. Easy to hook up. For the price, it's a good deal. Another plus is the free shipping and having Fed Ex deliver it to my door. I am elderly and somewhat handicapped. I also got the 3 year warranty for just $20. That's great too.Great for the price and size
I have a lot of issues with this t.v. Bought it for under $200 and it is not under priced (32 inch). Picture is just OK and sound is hollow. It's very lightweight and was very easy to put together. Regardless of the setting that you choose for the screen, it still cuts off sides of whatever program I am watching. There is a delay when using and pushing the remote control buttons and I have to push several times to get it to change to whatever. Can't understand why it got so many good ratings, I am taking it back. :(Cheap
Had the same size and price unit with a different name brand. Both had same problem. Brightness of screen drops sometimes (flicker). Major difference between these two almost similar units (might come from same production line) however is the audio. Spectre's audio has no body, it is like listening through a tube. Adjusting the audio has not effect. Specifically it is like power a speaker without the benefit of an enclosure. Otherwise, you get what you paid for, which in my case, fits.Affordable
Not real impressed with the product, but I didn't pay that much for it. It works for what we need, and we didn't pay a great deal for it. Sound is not good and picture is average.Good price average quality
Factoring in the price, this is an average TV. Picture quality is acceptable, but audio at higher volumes breaks up (very cheap speakers used in this set). At $209, it is probably the lowest priced set (when on sale) out there. I would recommend paying $249 or $279 when a Vizio or Toshiba go on sale.Average HDTV at low price
Pretty much what you see in the description is what you get. its not the best brand so it isn't perfect but it gets the job done. I brought it for my dorm room so it does me just fine. perfect buy for a college student or for an office t.v , but if you want a tv for your living room or something I would recommend a leading brandreasonable product for reasonable price
Purchased this item to replace one that received a jolt during a lightning storm. I would say great value for the price. I do not use a box, just standard cable hookup. The video is very acceptable but the sound quality isn't close to the Element it replaced (which had JBL speakers!). If it wasn't such a hassle, I would return this one and get another Element just because of the sound quality. All in all, though, this one is fine for my purposes as something for my office to watch tv.Good Value
Okay for a small room, or if you have speakers already. The built-in speakers are cheap and tinny sounding. The bass rattles. Cannot turn the volume up too far. I will have to purchase speakers separately later -- add the cost to the price of this item, because without external speakers, you probably won't get the most out of this screen.decent image, very poor sound
This TV makes a supradic, crazy buzzing noise. I will never have another TV shipped to me. I think it has something to do with it getting rattled around so much in shipping. The picture is good though and it's too much trouble to send it back. Lesson learned...go to the store and make your purchase. Don't let FedEx or UPS handle your large electronics!!!Not a good investment
Backlight went out after almost 3 months. TV got Medium to Heavy use. Taking back to Wal-Mart. Other than that this was a average unit, on par with its price. The stand was scatched when we opened the package and the box itself looked as if UPS/FEDEX was just tossing it around.Lasted 89 days
Worked good for a about a week then it just wouldn't turn on anymore.
Returned back to the store.Returned in a week.
Bought this television on December 9, 20122 as a gift for my mother. She does not use it often as it is in her bedroom. The picture died today, less than one-year old. The sound still works, but there is no picture. You decide if this television is worth the price.Broke within one-year
there appeared to be 2 lines that kept rotating across the screen, returned for another one, same thing and now the sound hums all the time, taking back and not getting anotherline across screen
Bought this tv about 3weeks ago and thats how long the sound lasted. The sound goes off every 20mins and you have to turn off the tv and turn it back on for it to come back, i just sent mine back to walmart.Run away
I purchased this HDTV in June of 2012 for use in the bedroom. As a result it sees limited use compared with the primary TV in the family room. The picture quality was good for the sale price of $189 but it's not even close to the Sony Bravia 32" in our lounge. The image is not as bright, vivid or crisp as the Sony, but for less than have the price, the image was very good in it's use as a secondary TV. The sound quality was average with no real bass and no real ability to handle movie sounds or music with great success. But it does work well in it's role as a bedroom unit playing primarily standard television programing. Unfortunately after only 10 months of service our unit has failed. During a recent power up the image shut off and only the sound remains. A strong odor of burnt electronics accompanied the failure. Sceptre requires that I ship the unit to them for warranty service and in either the original packaging (now gone) or request an approved package. I am required to pay shipping in either case. At a minimum this will be time consuming and cost between 10% and 15% of the original purchase price. Consider these potential future costs when opting for this price point model.Good Picture while it lasted
I bought this TV for our bedroom and was really happy with the price and size. It worked great for 2 months and then BOOM. I heard a noice and now it turns on but there is no picture at all. I guess thats what I get for trying a "weird" brand...Went out after 2 month use
We bought this site to store in Feb of 2012, and the picture on it has gone out 4 months later, having to get a new one under the manufacture Warrenty.Stopped workig within 4 months
I had this tv shipped from site to store, when I picked it up and took it home I plugged it up and it didnt turn on. I had to return it to the store and I purchased a 32'' Element, and I love it!Cheaply Made
The picture and sound were good for the price. I thought initially that the remote was cheaply made. The most upsetting of all was in less than a month the TV's sound did not work initially when turning it on and after turning it off and on again the sound nor picture worked and there was an electronic burning type smell. I hope this was just a bad one because the value is really great.Broke ).:
DO NOT BUY THIS TV, I BOUGHT 2 FOR MY SONS ROOMS MY 17 Y/O AND MY 2 Y/O MY OLDEST USED HIS RIGHT AWAY HAD TO WAIT A BIT FOR MY YOUNGEST BECAUSE WE WANTED TO MOUNT IT TO THE WALL FIRST, AFTER ABOUT A MONTH USEAGE THE PICTURE WENT OUT ON MY OLDEST SONS THE SOUND WAS ON BUT JUST A BLACK SCREEN FRIST THOUGHT OH I GOT A BAD TV RETURNED IT BOUGHT THE SAME TV FOR HIM AGAIN, THEN MY YOUNGEST SONS DID THE SAME THING SO I JUST HAD TO RETURN THAT ONE, BUT I BOUGHT A DIFFERENT BRAND THIS TIME, NOW JUST WAITING UNTIL MY OLDEST SECOND TV GOES OUT AGAIN. AND KEEP EVERYTHING WHEN YOU BUY SOMETHING WALMART WANTS EVERYTHING WHEN YOU RETURN IT PACKAGE, RECEIPT, PICK UP RECEIPT OWNERS MANUAL BOX AND ALL KEEP THAT IN MIND!!!HORRIBLE WASTE OF TIME & MONEY!!!
When I first received my tv, I was thrilled. The picture was great, the sound was great, I even bought a wall mount for it. I had no problems at all with this tv for 2 months, and then the picture went out on it. The 'Sceptre' splash screen would come on when you first powered up the tv, but then the whole screen would just go black and you couldn't access any of the menus, change the channel- nothing. I would not recommend this tv to anyone unless you don't have a problem replacing the whole tv every 2 months because customer support is useless. Do Not Buy This TV!!!!You get what you pay for...
This may be the worst TV set I've ever purchased. The picture looked like it was rendered using an old 8-bit NES- the color palette was that bad. The entire screen had a terrible green tint and much poorer resolution than advertised. I will never buy another Sceptre TV after this bomb.Miserably bad TV.
We don't get any picture just a blue screen and only after 2 days of use.The picture went blue after 2 days. had to return
I would highly recommed you spend a little more money on a TV that carries a brand name.
We had multiples break down with either picture, sound, or both at the same time. In order to service the warranty, you have to ship it and pay to ensure it since they do not have a dealer here that will honor the warranty in Lawton, OK.
I highly recommend you do not try this brand and spend a little more to get a better tv that will LAST LONGER!We Bought Multiples That DIDNT LAST 6 MONTHS!
This product isnt even worth the one star!!!! I bought this tv on the 7th of July 2012 and on August 3rd 2012, we had sound but no picture. There was a stinch of burning wire coming from the right top corner. When I call Sceptre, I got a voicemail to leave my name and phone number. That was on the 5th of July (thinking they weren't open on the 4th because of the holiday#. It is now September 5th, 2012 and still never got a return call after leaving numerous messages everyday #most weren't very lady like (if you know what I mean)). I had to call Walmart Corperate Office to get something done with this tv. They were not very pleased with there manufacters not calling their customers back. FINALLY, after waiting over a month, Walmart took care of this for me. I am a dedicated customer to Walmart.com and Walmart Supercenters, I pay good money for my merchandise. The customer service ladies were amazing, but I told them I would NEVER by this brand EVER AGAIN!!! Spend the few extra dollars for a brand that isnt Sceptre!!!NOT EVEN WORTH THE ONE STAR RATING!!!!!!
Back light went out after 4 months. Returning for a different brand.Get what you pay for
I bought the tv in January and I loved it. Up until it quit working that is. About 2 weeks ago (beginning of March) it started shutting off on its own after being on for 10-20 minutes. I would unplug it and plug it back in and that would usually fix the problem. Then it shut off this week and wouldn't come on again no matter what I did. When I took the tv back to the store, a girl at customer service told me that the electronics department said 98% percent of people who bought this brand have returned it. They took it back and returned the service plan I had purchased with it without any problems. I will not be buying anything from Sceptre again.
If you want to give this tv a chance I liked the picture and sound when I was watching tv. For some reason when I watched a DVD, the sound was a lot quieter and didn't seem as clear. Not sure if that was the DVD player or the television.It only worked for 2 months.
The pricing on this tv was great... but you get what you pay for. Its color started going out and then when you try to watch a dvd the dvd would play but you would still hear the sounds from the tv shows that were on before. Its not worth your money or time. Just as we only had 2 days before the 90 days we had to return it.LOW price but...
I bought this tv in May 2012. A little over a year ago. Lost the picture tonight. Went black with just a little light on the edges. Good thing I still have my old analog tv and the converter box. This Sceptre will have to go in the trash and I'll have to go tv shopping.Lasted a year
I JUST PURCHASED THIS FLAT SCREEN IN MARCH AND IT ALREADY BROKE. I TURNED MY TV ON AND IT MADE A WEIRD NOISE THEN STARTED TO SMOKE!!!!!!!! THE SOUND QUALITY IS TERRIBLE. I AM VERY UPSET, AND UNSATISFIED WITH THIS PRODUCT.DO NOT PURCHASE!!! SMOKING TV
I thought this was a good bargain but after four months it stopped working. I read the reviews before I bought it but I have found that This television is horrible quality. At first it works great but be warned after a few months it does not.Does not work after about 4 months.
I purchased this tv in May of 2012 and within the 5 months of having it the speakers have bhlwn and as of last week I came home and turned on the tv and....nothing! The screen is completely black except one corner where you can see the blue screen. The sound doesn't work either and before this the tuner was defective as well. Save yourself time and money and choose a different brand. Since it is still under the manufacturing warranty I can ship it to be serviced, but I am responsible of paying the shipping cost to get the tv to California and I live in Illinois and it'll be in the 'shop' for.3 weeks....ridiculous! Their customer service is rude and of no help. Choose a different company because yes the tv is cheap but not at all worth a penny!Worst tv EVER!!!
We had are TV only a month and a half and the picture stopped working. The picture started flashing 2 days prior to totally going out. Good Luck32in Lcd Sceptre
I bought this tv just over a year ago and I had to send it to the company to fix it about 6 months ago, now it's not working again and of course the warranty has expired. It's not turning on and it's only been a year! I would not recommend this tv to anybody. I'm going to spend more money this time for a tv that will last a lot longer.I would not recommend
Ordered this TV online, site to store, picked TV up from store on Friday night, 8 pm., fell asleep watching my new TV. Saturday morning the TV did not work at all. I woke up to a black screen!!!! Tried hooking the TV up elsewhere but still didn't work. Do Not Buy, waste of time & money!!Horrible TV
i baught this tv for my bedroom thinking you cant beat 210 dollars for a 32 in hdtv and i was wrong within a month of buying it i had to send it back to the manufacturer because it was buzzing and picture was dropping took a week to get it back and within another 2 months were in the process of trying to contact the company again for the exact same issue i wouldnt waste my money again with this brand also customer service from sceptre is horrible no one answers your call and they call you back like 3 days later when you leave a voicemailworst tv waste of money
I thought it was a good value, but it wasnt worth the headache. Powered on with a black screen and lines through it. Cant read anything on screen when remote buttons are pushed. My store does not carry this model so I cannot exchange it in store. I would have to pay shipping costs to ship it back. Then wait 2-3 weeks for processing and sending me a replacement. Garbage Walmart. Gonna return it in store to receive a refund and never shop at Walmart.com again.Not working on arrival and I pay return shipping?
Returning my THIRD one today. Picture was bad on two and the left audio channel went on the third. I won't be trying a fourth. They all went bad in less than 90 days, which is pathetic... the only plus- all within Walmart's return policy. Time to switch brands and possibly spend a little more. It's a shame because the set has a great picture and decent features. The sound is also tinny and a little distorted, which all the adjustments couldn't help.

YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED!!Awful reliability
I have owned this TV for less than six months and it has began to have audio failure. Picture quality has never been good. I have had to purchase a new replacement TV.Do not buy this TV
I ordered the TV for my son's birthday and it arrived on time. However, it stopped working after two weeks and we had to return it. Not sure whether it's because my son played too much games on this TV:( We used it primarily for the Xbox game though. The quality of pic was really good, too bad it did not last.Not worked
Purchased as a gift for the in-laws. TV was setup and had a horrible "tin-can" sound to the audio. The screwdriver given in the TV box to put the stand screws will strip the screw heads, so don't even bother using it. Remove feels cheap. Picture quality was fair, I typically only buy Samsung TV's personally.

Noticeable "ghosting" during fast moving scenes. The TV died (would not power on) in less than a month's time under very limited use. Luckily there was a 90-day return window. Returned the TV and paid to get the in-laws a Samsung TV and have not looked at Sceptre again.

My wife called customer service when the TV died and customer service at Sceptre was rude and treated my wife like she was an idiot and said he could do nothing for her. This was before we could realize the TV could be returned to Walmart.

You've been warned, spend the extra $50 to get a LG or Samsung...Lots of inputs, as long as it doesn't die on you.
It is a nice looking and light weight TV. Easy set up and it doesn't work on the same frequncy with the Samsung so I can use it in the same room. However, the picture is fuzzy. The further away you sit the less obvious but you certainly can't sit within say 8 feet of it without noticing it.Fuzzy
Haven't even had this tv for a year and it just broke. I was watching a show and it just died all of sudden. No power going to it, tried various outlets and it's not turning on. Won't ever buy this brand again!!Bought 8 months ago and just died!!!
For almost three month this TV worked just fine. I was watching TV one morning, when it started making a buzzing and frizzling sound, a faint burn smell and then it just died.
Called walmart customer service and they told me I was still within my 90 days to return the TV.
So I took it back to my local walmart and customer service gave me a full refund.

I would not recommend this TV to anyone. Spend a few extra dollars and get a better brand.TV died after almost three months.
TV worked great for 6 months. After that, all sound and NO Picture. Cannot be repaired. BIG WASTE of MONEY.Broke in 6 months
Wouldn't work. Their customer service dept never returned my call.Would not recommend this product
This is a real piece do not buy it.The picture is hazy and has a constant glow line from the backlight.The sound quality is worse than a cheep pair of computer speakers.If not for the box getting destroyed the day after Christmas. I would have returned it.I have no faith in buying over the internet after this one.Junk t.v.
Started smelling something like wire burning and next day the tv stopped working. Was hard to get thru the channels. Going back Today!Didn't last a week
DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME OR YOUR MONEY ON THIS PIECE OF JUNK. IT WORKED ALL OF TWO AND A HALF MONTHS AND THEN COMPLETLEY STOPPED WORKING!!!!!!DO NOT BUY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Purchased this TV in March 2012, had to send back in May 2012, due to black screen with sound. Shipped back, returned worked good until yesterday, black screen again with sound. Hard to get touch with customer service!! Will not purchase this brand ever again!!!Great Price, Poor quality
It was just about 30 days after the purchase and then the picture went out. Up until that point i was happy with the product. I understand that sometimes thing can go wrong so i tried contacting the warranty company. This experience was worse than the picture going out. I tried for day to reach them by phone , no one ever answered and that was trying 2 different phone numbers. I tried to email but the email was undeliverable. I called walmart and they suggested i email walmart.com since that is where i made my purchase. Thank goodness for that suggestion because they responded in less than 24hrs. Very unhappy with sceptre and there product and warranty or lack there of but very impressed with the customer service at walmart.I thought i was making a good purchase.
Liked the picture and sound but got up an tried to turn on an it didn't work. Took a week for the company to send me a box to ship it to California from Oklahoma so I would have been without a TV for a while. Needless to say we returned it and payed more to get a better brand.Quit in 1 WEEK
Got this TV from site to store for my son finally came in got it home and hooked everything up and it didnt work the picture worked ok but the speakers didnt work at all idk if its the TV or because I did site to store but I wouldnt order another just to wait for another broken tvdidnt work
I purchased two of these in March 2012 and both had sound but no picture. The first one after a week and a half the second one went out this morning. They both had an awful burning smell coming from them when the picture went out. On my way to walmart now to exchnge. Gonna pay extra to upgrade! Won't ever buy this brand again!I can't tell you what to buy, but don't buy this!
I bought this as a Christmas present for my nephews, so I was not there for the installation... I was there the next day and can say it was making an odd noise. Not all the time, just when they were watching tv, not during game play. But at the end of the second day it was bad enough that they took it down and took it back.
I don't know what the problem was exactly, but there was a problem. Walmart took it back with no problem and the boys spent 31 dollars of their own money and got a new one. That one works.Decent price BUT...
wHEN i GOT THE TV HOME AND SET IT UP, i NOTICED THE PICTURE WAS VERY GRAINY, THE SOUND WASNT GREAT, BUT HAS GOTTEN WORSE STEADILY. wOULDNT RECOMMEND IT BY ANY MEANS !!vERY DISSAPPOINTED OVERALL!
even a cheap set should give you 3 years of decent service.pure junklasted 14 months/lost picture
At first I was pleased with the tv, especially for the price. I was very happy with it until today.
It has been 1 day shy of 5 months since I received it ( I purchased it online, and had it shipped free, recieved it 5 days later).
All of a sudden, without any warning, today the TV would not turn back on. The Blue indicator light would turn on, but nothing else. Finally, after about 20 minutes of unplugging it, and re-plugging it back in to try to get it to turn on (a tip I found online from other customers who've experienced this prob with tvs), I finally got the Tv back, but now I can't turn it back off or it may not ever come back on again. Today's a Saturday, so of course there is no customer service available, either on the sceptre 800 # or on the website. I'll try again Monday to see if I can get it fixed or replaced without being charged. we'll see. until then, I won't be turning the set off, and even if it does get fixed or replaced, I'd never spend $ on another cheap TV. My folks have had a Vizio for 8 years, and yeah it was expensive, but they've never had a problem.Defective Product! Stopped working after 5 months!
Picture went out in third month. Sceptres Customer service is very poor. Item is being sold as new but is actually a used Refurbished product. If you need to use your warranty expect to pay all shipping out of pocket and to be without a TV for 2-3 months. You must send item to California to be serviced. When dealing with Customer Service expect to make 5-10 phone calls and up to 20 emails just to get anywhere. I would never buy this brand againNo Picture
Tv is cheap and not only pricewise. Sound is awful. I wish I had shopped around more. I now know I would gladly pay more for better quaility. Live and learn!You get what you pay for
Not really a fair review because there was a thin red line running across the screen on all channels. I was unable to fix it so I returned the set to Walmart 2 days after I bought it. They gave me a no hassle return of my money - and I went to the back of the store and bought a Magnovox 32 inch TV. It was $40 more than the Sceptre but so far is runnibg great.Defective
Bought 3 televisions all of them did not last 1 year, called company and said warranty was up.
It seems to me a television should last longer than that. Beware!Sceptre Tv
Just like most of negative reviews have said the same thing happen to me barely six months after purchase picture went out, after 2 weeks of shipping from NY to CA & back not even 3 months later picture is going in & out again & I know where it's going next.... The garbage it is not worth the cheap price. I would recommend all of this brand TV's just be passed over just for customer service, if a tv can't not be fix my a local authorize repair shop it usually is a bad brand. So save your money & get one of the more well known brand (better picture, better sound, & def. better customer service) it just isn't worth the hassle!PAY ATTENTION TO ALL THE NEGATIVE REVIEWS**
The TV worked great when I first got it and I loved the picture and sound quality, and the swivel feature was great. Less than a week later the TV cut off for no apparent reason and would not come back on. No matter how great the TV was the fact that it wouldn't
come back negates all the great things about the TV.The TV stopped working less than a week.
I purchased this and it worked fine for about 4 months. The screen went black with lines running through it and the sound went.
I contacted the company since it was still under warrantee and they took their time getting back to me. They finally sent me a box with no return address or repair #. After finally getting the info I am told I have to pay for shipping... to the tune of $100.00.
I have also purchased a 3 yr repair plan through Walmart and I am hoping someone can help me. If not I have just eaten $179.00. I know its not much but it's bad business.
Never again !!RUN ! and don't look back.
When I first got it, it worked great. The picture and sound are great and the features are good as well. After having it for only two weeks, it went out. All I got was a blue screen that said no signal. I spent three weeks sending emails to tech support trying to get it fixed. They're only open until 5:30pm pacific time, so if you work for a living you're not going to get in touch with them easily. Finally, got it fixed, it turned out to be something simple. A month later, guess what, it did the same thing again. Everything that they told me to try last time, I have already tried and nothing is working. This TV is not worth your money. I wouldn't recommend it to family or friends or even somebody that I don't know. I wouldn't recommend this to someone that I don't like. Nobody deserves this headache. Do yourself a favor and get something better.Worst TV I Have Ever Owned
I bought this T.V. for my bedroom and the quality of the picture is very poor, along with the speaker quality.Poor
I only had my TV for a couple of months and all I get is a black screenvery disappointed
My TV broke after 7 months and though it was under warranty I have had nothing but horrible service from Sceptre. 9 times out of 10 I got a voice mail when I called. My TV was not getting any sound or picture when I sent it back, but apparently the screen was busted during shipping and they will not fix my TV until UPS pays them for the broken screen,even though they say they are fixing it regardless of the claim. Every time I call them I am given the run around and told something else. I still have no idea when I am getting my TV back. Save yourself a headache and don't buy from this company!What a headache
I bought this Sceptre tv on line and had it delivered to the store. It worked for 2 weeks before I heard loud crackling noises and the thing died. DO NOT BUY. Better to pay a little more for a known brand name. Customer service at Sceptre was terrible, barely spoke english and did not respond when I continued to ask to speak to somebody else.
Walmart does not stock Sceptre in their stores but they did take back the tv and I was able to purchase a better brand. Customer service at Walmart was excellent, both in the store and at Walmart.com so no complaints there.Terrible product
The screen of the tv does not work after six months I get it. a perfect time. so caculate the price yourself: 200/(30*6)=1.1 dollar per day.TV broken after six month
Took it home, set it up, turned it on. The power on light came on and the back lighting came on but had no picture at all. Tried to use the source button in case it was trying to display a source that was not connected but the menus didn't even display. Took it right back to my local WalMart and was given a no hassle refund. It was easy to return but VERY disappointing that it did not work. I guess it was better that it was DOA instead of having to deal with warranty a few months down the road.Didn't work at all, junk!!!!
I returned a 19" which didn't work and replaced with a 32" which worked for 5 minutes and then NOTHING. I now have to re-pack and return a 2nd purchase that doesn't work.WORKED FOR MINS ONLY
The TV Is Trash. Went out less then 60 Days :(Dont Buy
After taking the TV home it would work okay for a few minutes and then the sound would disappear. It was necessary to turn the set off and turn it back on to retrieve the sound. This happened every time.

We returned the TV the next dayAvoid this product
STOP WORKING after 4 months and walmart does not provide you the warranty, you have to get in contact with sceptre and they will fix it and send it back to you..but i think it will be stop working soon again.STOP WORKING AFTER 4 MONTHS.
Do not purchase. Bought 2 of these and they both quit working after a couple of months.Stop working after 2 months
This tv stopped working 5 months after I bought it. Not very happy at the moment!!!!!!! DO NOT BUY!!!!!terrible tv.
Ordered from Walmart.com and received the tv ahead of schedule. Unpacked and setup easily but when I turned it on the Sceptre Logo came on screen and then nothing. The Remote or the manual controls wouldn't work, just blank screen. Wouldn't bring up menu or input selection. Called 800 number for service and got an ANSWERING MACHINE and they still haven't called me back!
As usual Walmart was more than helpful by letting me return to local store, refunded my credit card and I bought 2 32" Vizios yesterday (which I should have done in first place). Already owned 2 Vizio's, but thought I would try the Sceptre and save a few bucks.Dead on Arrival!
This TV's universal remote control feature is missing - that means you cannot use an universal RC to operate this TV in case needed. The bad thing is APEX tech support for warranty is mean - they don't care customer experience - they let you wait (thy say need to check something) until the phone connection is disconnected after 20 min. - I have waitted on the line for 2 times but they never be back. So I have to return this back to the store. I realy had bad experience with this Vendor/brand. No more purchasing on this brand in featureAPEX's warranty service is very bad
32" for under $200, perfect for my bedroom. Doubles as a monitor for my laptop. It's lightweight and swivels. No complaints!Great HDTV for the price
I like the product. I did not like the fact that the delivery person left the t.v. (in the clearly marked t.v. box) on my front porch. If it had to be left on the front porch it would have been nice if it had been packaged in a regular brown box and not the actual t.v. box.Great t.v. for a guest bedroom
The television is nice, however, the picture is a little bit weird. The sound is not that high but for the price what more could you ask for.its an okay product for the price
This TV has a good picture for the price, but the sound is awful. I had to hook it up to speakers and keep the sound on the TV off because it was so bad. If you're willing to use speakers, this TV's a good buy for the price.Good product for the price, but the sound is awful
I brought this TV for my mom for Christmas and it blew within the first 2 weeks and had to return it. You get what you pay for - Cheap price = Cheap product and that's just what you will get. Please take my word and avoid purchasing this TV. Complete waste of time, energy, and money.Do NOT Buy and waste your time!!!
was a great buy picture great sound is ok but i have trouble hearing everything else is great about this tvgreat buy
Excellent product. We purchased these TVs for our restaurant. I think they will be exactly what we need.Great product,free shipping.
Very happy with this tv. Beautiful and at a great price! Love it for my bedroom. I'm also an instant roku fan. Boxing up my cable tv things and cancelling cable tv today!Beautiful TV
We got this form my daughter (19) to watch TV and possibly connect to laptop for web surfing. Therefore, there is no gaming so I was not worried about the 720p, note it is not interlaced. Currently the TV is functioning perfectly for her use. I am looking to replace our bedroom TV with the same type of technology. Know how you want to utilize a TV first helps direct what you need.
Shipping to the store was one day earlier than anticipated. No one was art the desk in the store but showed up in 5 minutes. There was damage on the bock and I filled out an incident form. However, the TV seems to have no scratches or wear as the damaged box. We are keeping it as it is and coming back for another TV. Hope this help you avoid the pitfalls.

I rated based on the price I was paying and the features that I was looking for in the unit. I will say that I did not expect the unit to perform well with the sound. If you can live with altering the sound inside some movies and when you switch to regular TV then it is not an issue. Otherwise you will need to get a sound system for the size of the room/ rooms that you are looking to use as a home theater.Great for 2nd TV with no game and little computer
Nice television with good picture and good sound. Good value for the money. Very easy to install, it even scanned all the analog stations in the area.Pleasantly pleased with this value TV
Great price for college student.Good for the price
I bought this TV about 2 weeks ago and I it is adequate for what we want but nothing more than that. In setting up for the Direct TV remote it will not give me all the options, volume being one of them, so I have to use 2 remotes to watch TV. Picture quality is OK at best.
I would recommend it only as a non primary TV in your home.Adequate but not exceptional
The picture is fine for me. I'm not a big TV aficionado. You can tell everything else was designed with incomplete thoughts. The sound leaves something to be desired for sure.You get what you pay for
This turned out to be a nice little TV. It's bigger than I had anticipated. I didn't realize how big a 32" TV would be! Set up was simple, and it's really easy to operate. It DOES come with a remote! I only had two problems. First of all, since it is a flat-screen TV, it doesn't do well in small rooms. Unless you are at least 4 - 5 feet from the screen, it's a little fuzzy. Once I moved it to another room where there's a lot more distance between me and the TV, the picture was great. My biggest problem with this TV is the sound quality. Our old "tube" TV with stereo speakers built in had way better sound quality. This TV sounds like it only has one speaker. Luckily, I had a set of Logitech speakers with a woofer that I connected and now it sounds great and looks great.Nice price, but poor sound
The picture looks glassy. I had to go and add charter high difinition to get a better picture, but still not and execellent picture.the clarity is poor
The sound is horriable. The picture is bad! Sent it back and got a RCA!Bad
This is a terrible TV Set. It is not worth any money at all. Dont buy this. Spend some extra Dollars and get a higher quality TVWhat a poor TV Set
My mother just received the TV and we set it up together--but I've just spent the ENTIRE afternoon trying to track down the universal access code for the remote control and cannot find one clue as to what code works for a Sceptre! After reading numerous reviews of this TV, I have yet to read of anyone having the same problem--and yet when I do an internet search on this question of which SONY code is used for the Sceptre 32", NOBODY KNOWS. Sceptre cust. svc doesn't answer their phones, our cable provider is stumped, we cannot program the remote. As far as I'm concerned, the stupid TV is going back because of this. Can anyone enlighten me?No SONY Remote Code Available for Sceptre?!
It sounds like it has a broken speaker. I do not like it at all. Don't like anything about this TV. I guess thats why the price was such a good value. Would not recommend this brand to anyone.Cheap made TV
I bought mine a little over a year ago and a gray patch developed, then it took longer and longer to turn on. Apparently, upon researching this, this is a very common problem with this tv. While the price is appealing, it doesn't last long, and I ended up buying a better, 32 inch Sony for my bedroom, and Iike that the bezel(frame) on my new one is only about a 1/2 inch. You might have better luck then I did, but if I knew then what I know now, I would not buy this tv.Sad
I wasn't happy with this product then on top of the the remote wouldn't work across the room, you had to be close to the tv to use it.I returned this product
TV WAS DOA GLAD I GOT IT FROM WALMART I CAN RETURN IT TO THE STORE AND PAY A LITTLE MORE FOR A BETTER TVDOA
I had this tv for a week and the picture went out. Ended up spending an extra $60 and just getting a much better quality Samsung.Don't waste your time or money
Just wanted a basic TV for my room. Worked great until randomly out of the blue the screen went black, which according to other reviews is common. I contacted Walmart but was told it had to be in original box (I threw out the box!). Then I got lazy and gave up and it's been on my wall and not working for months. Still under a year of owning it so I'm going to see what the manufacturer will do.Screen went black after a couple months
The TV arrived pretty quickly, but didn't work at all - no picture. We could see that the power was on, but the screen didn't light up at all. We tried to call the service department for the company, but only got a recording saying they would call back. They finally called back 2 days later. By that time we had already returned the item to Walmart for a refund.didn't work
I thought this was a great buy on a 32" TV, but not true. In less than two months it has stopped showing any picture and all I get is sound. Very sad that I have to replace such a bargain. Do not buy! The manufacturer will also tell you it's defective and to return it to the store.You get what you pay for :-(
TV and Monitor use was great for five (5) days. I was acutally about to write a review, then came the 6th day. No Picture at all...no power....change places in the home...no power or picture. There is not much more that I can say. I was good for 5 days...quick date with a good looking girl. Took back to Walmart. :-(Maybe It's My Bad Luck
Bought this, set it up and right out the box the sound quality drove me crazy. It sounded like I had bought something out of the toy section instead of the electronic section. Tv pics/quality changed from channel to channel, quite iritating. Picture took too long to come in once you pushed the button to change channels. The only thing I liked was the convenient swivel base. Save your money and invest in a more competitive brand. You get what you pay for and that's why I took it back about three days later.Cheap
It was dead on arrival. Got my money and went to Best Buy.Dead on arrival
This TV arrived non-functional. On the positive side I returned it to my Walmart store and found a replacement model. A very easy exchange except the purpose of ordering was to avoid hauling it home.Arrived broken
THIS TV STOPPED WORKING AFTER 3 MONTHS! IT WAS BARELY USED! YOUVE BEEN WARNED!DONTWASTEYOURMONEY!
After having the tv hooked up and programed in with the remote, the screen has a blue line down the center. I will return it Saturday for another brand.Not up to expectations
Got it home and found out it will not find digital stations. which is pretty much all stations these days. so had to take it back. product info says it has a QAM tuner so thought it was ok. I do not recommend this tv.wont pick up digital stations
I was skeptical of a 32 inch for $249 and a brand I'd never heard of...after researching it I hesitatingly took a chance. I've had it a month now and couldn't be more enthusiastic about this set. Great clear picture, good sound, and I can see the baseball stats on the screen without squinting. It swivels so easily so I can see it from all angles...the remote is easy. My only suggestion for improvement would be that the sleep timer font size on the screen should be larger...I had to learn to touch the timer a certain number of times since I couldn;t see it unless I was just a few feet away. Given all the pros, it's easy to put up with only 1 con.Surprisingly GREAT
I bought this to use as a computer monitor display in a business. I didnt need a high resolution, or anything fancy. This TV was so bright next to our ancient 42" monitor that I turned the brightness to less than half max, and it's still much brighter than our old one. It is very light, and mounts securely with a standard mount i bought online for $12. Im not using the sound at all, so I cant comment on it, but this is a great value. i wouldnt hesitate to use it in a game room, bedroom, etc.Great value
TV IS AWESOME FOR THE PRICE !!!!GREAT BUY !!!
The TV was a gift for my husband. It has a beautiful picture. I couldn't believe how easy it was to set up with our AT&T Uverse. Also it is hooked up to our DVD player. The instructions are simple. I had to buy the HD cable.

The TV is a Great buy at a great price. Great value for the money.

He loves it.Excellent TV at a great price.
Would recommend the sound bar along with the TV.Love this flat screen, and what a great price!
I was expecting less because of the spec's & price. Great picture, sounds like a "TV" and can be adjusted to pretty good quality with stereo effects. Connections are there to plug in about anything you want. Sceptre support was very quick and helpful when my puppy chewed the remote and killed it. I liked the original remote because it was simple and very easy to use.More than met my expactations!
These TVs are made by Sony and are a great deal. Don't hesitate to buy this product because that name on it is not well known. PS... always buy the additional service plan just to be safe.Great buy!!!
easy to setup. meets my expectations. good value.Good TV at a Good Price
This is a great TV. Better quality than expected given the price and a name I wasn't familar with. Ready to go right out of the box, Hook-up was a breeze.Great TV
I was a little sceptible about this TV for $200, but needed a larger monitor for my computer. I set it up in 15 minutes and was watching movies in 20 minutes. Great for an old lady like me that is not all that computer literate. Not sure how it works as a tv, but it's great as a monitor. Also, is very energy efficient and will shut off if you forget to turn it off. This is one of the best values I have got in a long time. Plan to get the $300, 40" one soon. Just one note, I don't know how it will hold up as have only had the tv for a month.unbelievable value
The set (32-inch;$239) arrived within 3 days. Was packaged well. Easy to set up. Picture and sound adjustments were exceptional. To use a universal remote, the code for 'Sony' is required---Does that tell you anything? So far, I am very pleased with my purchase.Excellent Buy for Me
I buy alot of TV's for my company. I use to buy Samsung thinking they lasted longer. NO!!! I have had several Samsung flat panel TV's go out on me but so far the Sceptre brand has not failed me.Great Option
I BOUGHT TWO OF THESE.THEY WERE A GREAT PRICE ONLINE SO I COULD AFFORD ONE FOR MY DAUGHTER AND ONE FOR MYSELF.HAS GREAT PICTURE,COLOR.SOUND AND IT'S LIGHT ENOUGH FOR ME TO MOVE ANYWHERE!! VERY SATISFIED!!!!WONDERFFUL SCEPTRE 32" CLASS LCD
Great TV,Excelent Picture,AweSome!
Picture quality is so good I don't need to use my glasses.Bringing good entertainment with cinema feel.
I did so much 'reviewing' before ordering this TV. I am not the kind of person who is technilogically smart....so I read tons of reviews. End result was that I ordered the TV because the price was one of the best I've seen. Now that I have it...(2 weeks) I am sooo thrilled with it. I went thru the book, thru the OSD's and can't believe that I was able to work thru the whole thing. The sound is better than my 32" LG and the picture is great...except that I still have to get a tiny bit more of the OSD lined up. I just love this TV and if I find another one with a great price I am going to get that one too for my spare bedroom. (guests will be absolutely thrilled!!)better than imagined.......
I have only had this TV for a few weeks, but so far, I am very happy with it. I bought it for my screen porch (it is connected to a cable box) and did not want to spend too much for it, but the sound and picture are great, in a variety of light and sound environments, day and night! My aunt is downsizing and getting rid of her big old box TV, and I am going to recommend this TV to her.
Very happy with this choice. I bought the extended warranty. My son previously had a Sceptre and when it failed (near the end of the 3 year period), they honored the warranty with no question.
Good choice, IMO.Will be recommending for a relative...
I bought this TV as a Mothers Day gift for my mom online and then had it shipped to the store for free. She loves the TV. It took a few minutes to hook it up to the cable and DVD player she currently has. It has a great picture and really good sound. You can hear the TV even when it's on volume 14 in the next room quite clearly. I think it's a great TV for the price I paid online. Even though, I had never heard of Sceptre before buying this TV. I will definitely check them out to see if they make anything else.Wonderful TV for the Price!
Light weight,wide enough, but not too large.
Very easy to install.
Low power consumption
Works the very first time you take home, plug-in and turn-on!!
Great value, excellent price (overall).

Just a few things that I observed.
1) Unable to connect to VCR to get it working when I pluggedin (may be I should read manual or call customer support).
2) No built-in DVD player unlike those old TVs
3) All the plug-in sockets, connecting pins - I wish they were on the front-side rather than back side because it would be very convenient to plug-in.Excellent value, great price
I would recommend this product to everyone who needs a good priced and good quality television. I can't wait to hook it up to my computer to watch it on that size of screen. The sound leaves alot to be desired but I had planned on hooking it up to my surround sound system anyway. It has all the connections that I was looking for on a tv. It sets up quick and easy. I like it's slim thickness and the weight is very light. Buy this one it's worth the value!Good buy and good picture
This Sceptre TV has all the basic features you need. The picture and sound aren't all that bad either. The remote is also nothing fancy or too complicated. Assembly was quick and the manual was not difficult at all. I use amplified rabbit ears for over air channels of which I get 10 or so. I use a Roku streaming video player or a DVD player for viewing movies. With this ez set up, I have something interesting to view at any time at a very reasonable price. Couldn't be any happier without spending hundreds of dollars more.Basic but very good
This my first time purchasing my own flatscreen tv and i was nervous about which tv to get and which one not to get.i love this tv and i only had it for two weeks now...love the pic quality and has a great sound..not a bad price for a nice size HDTV!!! Love it!!My first own flatscreen tv and i love it!!!
I had a rca that i bought over 20 years ago. I got it at Silo that should tell ya something. Anyway the tuner went out so I got this.All tv's are flat screens now.I'm waiting for a sanyo tv I got for my mom 19" for her room,she's 98 & is doing alot of tv watching. I only can hope this lasts as long as my old rcaSo far this is a GREAT tv
I purchased this TV for my ten-year-old daughter to put in her bedroom. Since then, I have spent more time watching hers than my Samsung that cost over $350. I should have been shopping online years ago!Great value!
I love this Sceptre TV. It has everything anyone could want.best vlaue
We are very happy with this TV ! We purchased it as a second TV for the den and to run the wii. It's really easy to set up, the menu is intuitive and the overall quality is great. Also got excellent customer service when we picked it up in our local Wal Mart. Overall, just a really nice surprise !What a great deal !
This TV is everything I wanted and couldn't be happier. It is a plug and go.Great TV! Great Price
Got this online for much less than anything I saw in the store, that includes open box specials in .com pickup area. Great picture, easy to set up and use. The sound quality is not very good, but easly hooks up to my stereo, (sorry folks..gettin old), my home theater and it works great. By the way, I got my Kenwood surround sound system from Wal-Mart about 15 years ago and it still works as good as any of the new stuff I see.So far so good
This TV is exactly what I wanted and works great! Other than low quality audio, everything is perfect.Great TV for the game room!
I needed an inexpensive tv for the guest room and found this online. The reviews were good so I decided to take the chance on a brand I had never heard of. Although the picture is slightly darker then I like it was simple to mount on a wall bracket and hook up to my Direct TV. Works great! I would definately recommend this productGreat product for the price
Light wesight with many features that I did not expect. More than meet my expectations. Great color, and sound.Excellent TV for the price
Love it, especially for the price. Got one for myself, then got 2 more for my church.Love it.
fully met my expectations, provided an audio output so I could send the signal via fm transmitter to my hearing aids. Not many units in this price range provide this feature. Sound control in going between different channels and/or loud commercials can only be described as weak. but for the price I would buy another unit. Only had for a short while so time will tell on reliability. Response time with email questions and telephone calls were within reason ( had to leave a message and receive a call back) and questions answered well. Could not get to real live person tho, only via call back. Gave it a five star because we can adjust to sound issue.so far so good
Excellent picture and is easy to operate. Very good television for the cost.Great value.
Great value. Picture and sound straight out of the box weren't quite to my liking, but just a bit of adjustment with the remote after getting it mounted fixed that completely. Verizon FIOS remote programmed easily to run the set using the second Sony code on the list.Great TV for the money.
i bought this tv for my office, cleared up space on my desk by mounting to wall and using as a computer monitor that i can also watch tv on, since i have dish sat. with dual dvrgreat tv & being used as a monitor
I bought this for my son's bedroom and it worked great. About 3 months in it no longer turned on and just made a snapping noise. I took it back and am taking a chance on another one. I guess I'm just a sucker for a good deal. If this one fails, I'll revise my review.Woked and looked great til it broke
We purchased this TV to put outside on our screened-in porch. This TV is a great value for the price, with outstanding picture quality. At this low price, we figure if it lasts a couple of years, we got our money's worth---compared to the thousands it would have cost for an outdoor-rated TV.Great Value
Love the TV but I wished I had ordered a larger one. It looks small above my new FireplaceVery Good
I bought this tv for my parents. It was easy for them to set up... only minimal help from me over the phone. They think it has a good picture and sound. They love it!!Good tv for price
Good as a 2nd tv. Everything works well (two weeks old) so far.Nice TV for the bedroom
The best deal out there! This is my 3rd one, I love them so much! Every room has the Sceptre 32" and where else can you get one for under 200? Love it!Exceptional!
I bought this tv for my aunt and she loves it. She said the picture is beautiful.Excellent value
I puchased this tv for our church. It took only a few minutes to connect to our dvd player. All instructions were easy to follow and connect to our system. This week we will start using it. Because it was a pre Christmas sale, I was able to purchase it for a low price. The color and volume were both very good quality and all worked well.Just what I expected.
After reading the reviews I was a little unsure if to buy this tv or not but the price was too hard not to pass up. I received my tv in just a day or two and I could not be happier with the decision I made. Not only is the quality better than my last tv but it also does not have the same problems that everyone else reported on the volume/sound quality. Overall this was a great choice at a great price and I would buy another one!Great TV at a Great Low Price
I did not opt for any shipping upgrade and my purchase still arrived in 2 days. Very happy with product and ordering procedure via Internet.Great value as a secondary set.
The picture quality, and sound were everything that I expected. A GREAT TV for the "Man Cave".Perfect TV for the "Man Cave"
I am very pleased with my purchase. The only thing I have to get use to is the swirle position stand.*Pleased*
This television has lots of features for its low price. Picture quality is very sharp, excellent valueExcellent value
I bought this TV the day after Thanksgiving in 2012 for $179. I have been very pleased. It has a good picture and sound and has performed for a year without any problems.Great Bargain!
For the money this was great. Read other reviews about the tinney sound and although it doesn't sound as great as my expensive TV it is fine. Picture is great too. Very happy! I would give 5 stars on everything based on "for the money" but that isn't what the rating asked.Works great for me!
Meets all my expectations, picture is good, very easy set-up. A great T.V. for the price. You will have to purchase a HDMI cable. All in all a very good product.Excellent HDTV for the Price.
I purchased this TV for my granddaughter's bedroom and it has been great! It was very easy to set up....my son and I did it in about 10 minutes. The swivel base is awesome! I received the set two days after ordering. It came safely packed with all the parts. I may purchase another one for my extra bedroom.Great TV for the price!
I bought this TV as a gift & wasn't really expecting much since it was so cheap. However, once we unboxed it, I was beyond pleased. This TV is great! I own a TV that cost $5000 (at the time) & I'd say this one rivals that. There's nothing I can say about this TV that isn't excellent. Great deal on a great TV.Great TV especially for the price
This was a great purchase as it was a xmas gift for myself. Easy installation, easy to handle.
Great picture, love the sleep option. Very satisfied with this purchase.Free shipping was great.
I bought one for myself , and loved it so i got the same Tv for my granddaughter as a present.
Very nice picture and color. works great.This Tv is very nice.
Bought this tv for my bedroom 2 years ago and we love it. Very good picture and sound. Perfect tv for every day use and can't beat the price.GREAT TV
Great tv! Love the price, very fast shipping!Wonderful Tvs, love the sound and picture!
LOVING THE QUALITY AND THE SPEED OF THE DELIVERYGREAT LCD TV, REALLY ENJOYING THE QUALITY
I will be buying more of these TVsgood picture
This is a wonderful value for the price! The picture is good quality, and the setup is easy. My husband had it out of the box and set up in under 20 minutes. I read everyone else's reviews prior to purchasing, and they were pretty spot on, it's a great tv! Our living room is on the cozier side and the 32" size was absolutely perfect for it. If you are looking for a good tv, and not looking to spend a fortune, while the name is less known, this is a great one! The sound was a little off after initial set up, but we believe that's because of where we had it set up with the sound bouncing off of our wall. With readjusting our placement the sound issue was cured!Great TV for price!!
I ordered my Sceptre X32 FlatScreen TV, from Walmart Online, I did not recognize this name brand, I Goggle & did some review research. I decided to give it a try. I ordered the 32" 12/13/16 & received it 12/16/13. It was easy to assemble, I love that the remote came with batteries (lol). I love that the channel setup to all my cable channels with no fuss; It was automatic. I love my TV. Picture & Sound is OK with me. It has been 1 day, so far so good. I hope I will enjoy it for a long time. I will recommend & purchase more of this product brand. Thank You :).HAPPY-HAPPY-HAPPY
This TV has good quality in picture and sound. Price was right, too and it came in less time that stated. Very pleased.Great picture for a great price.
Easy set up. Even included a screwdriver to attach the stand. The picture is great even using an antenna. Sound is also very good.Excelllent Value
We bought this for my mother and it is great. The sound and picture are very clear. The only problem we had was getting the code to program the Direct TV remote. After calling the company they told me to look under Sony. That info wasn't in the book and would have been helpful.
Very satisfied with this this TV.great
Vibrant color, clear picture, light-weight, swivel base, easy hook up, excellent price, want another!Love this flat screen!
We bought this TV to use for our Wii and for our kids to watch movies. It is the perfect size, easy for the kids to use and has adequate sound and picture. We purchased it because this was the best price of any 32" TV.Perfect TV for our kids media room
I bought this as a gift from me to me! its very lightweight. I was able to handle it and put it together and connect.I'M HAPPY WITH THIS PURCHASE!
While I expected a 'decent' picture and set up, I was 'wowed' by how simple it was to set up and very happy with the clarity of both picture and sound. I bought this for my bedroom and thought it would be something I might occasionally use, but it is on several times a day. Great price and store pick up was a plus!! Thank you, Walmart!!!Pleasantly surprised
This was a good decision. Very happy with this product.Really great buy!
Very satisfied with our purchase. Was very easy to set up, and has a great picture. Recommended this to several of our friends. Ordered from the internet and delivery was really fast.Great TV for the money.
I won't go into detail about the features. You can read them in the specs. I will note what may not be evident that is NOT specific to just this set ... to get outstanding picture quality YOU NEED TO HAVE HD SIGNAL TO THE HOUSE! Otherwise you get regular broadcast or cable quality.

My next statement should sum up my opinion about this TV. I like it so much I am considering purchasing two (2) more to replace the other TVs in the house. I also upgraded my Uverse to HD.Great purchase
TV came packaged great. They even included a screwdriver to assemble the stand.
Picture quality is very good and the overall appearance is very nice.Excellent TV for the money.
Haven't had long, but very impressed with the speaker quality. Better then my big, main TV.Great for the price
My 13 year old daughter got this TV under the Christmas tree this year. She was able to set the TV up on her own. She loves the nice swivel on the base as she can lay in bed or sit at her vanity and see the TV from both locations.

The picture is pretty good too.Great TV for my teenager's room
Considering the price of this item, it is all that I could possibly have hoped for. Picture options ie: "regular", "wide", "cinema", provide a very good image and sound, set in the "surround" option is of good quality. All in all, a quality product.More Bang for the Buck
Before buying this TV online I read most of the reviews. Some were positive, some not so much. But I have to say I am very, very pleased with my TV. It is exactly as described in the details. Some were complaining about the sound and I was expecting to have to buy a speaker system for it. I have no problem with the sound.The price is great and so far, so good with everything else. I've had it for about 4 or 5 weeks now and it has played almost 24-7and I can't complain about anything at this point, and Lord I hope it stays that way.Sceptre 32" Class LCD 720p 60Hz-HDTV
This is a good TV and it shows well. I received it as a birthday present and I am quite pleased with it!Good TV
I bought this tv for my bedroom and it was easy to set up and the picture quality is great. Awhile back I bought a tv for my living room and that was a little more complicated to set up the picture quality and the sounds....I had to adjust it to what I liked. I've had the Sceptre for about 3 weeks now...and so far so good....even bought one for my son's room for Christmas!!Great TV
Great Value. I'm going to purchase another one for the bedroom.Great Value. I'm going to purchase
This is a great tv! I'm a Directv technician and I'm in contact with about 12 different tv's on any given day. I feel that qualifies me as an expert of sorts ;) But honestly, I have seen many 32 inch sets from sony to samsung, even the cheapies like vizio and apex. The picture on this set is great in comparison to any of these. Samsung being the best in my opinon, but this is a close second. The sound isnt great which you should expect with any flat panel television. There really is no where to impliment great sound on sets this thin. A cheap surrond sound system should do. On a side note, I did hook this up to a Directv HD receiver. So if you have basic service dont expect to see the TV's true potential.Great for the price!
I purchased this for my 93 year old Mother-in-law to put in her bedroom. It was very simple to set up to a cable box. It was up and running in minutes. It even came with a small screw driver to attack the base. I synced it with the cable box remote and she was in business. I might buy one for myself. Great value for the price.Very sharp Picture.
Bought this along with two 19" Roku ready models and so far so good. Never heard of this brand before, but the quality and value are excellent.Great Xmas Present!
Worked perfectly on first start up. The screen is clear and , bright, and sharp. It also works equally as good with my PC. I tried my PC with this TV to a resolution of 2560 by 1080 at 75 HZ and got excellent results. This high of resolutions was not listed in the manual but it did work. If you have a computer connected to the TV, try the highest resolution and see what happens. Won't hurt.Best TV I ever bought!
Looks awesome in my livingroom.Great TV..
I ordered one for the bedroom and was so pleased that I ordered one for the living room. I ordered over the internet and it came in 2 days!!Excellent picture and value for the price
I bought this TV as a present for my wife, so I can't talk about the features. It has a large screen, and the picture is amazingly bright and clear. I can't speak to its durabilitybecause we have had it for one week, but so far I am more than satisfied.A Good Buy
For the price I can't complain the picture is great (with HD), the size is perfect, shipping was fast no problems yet.Awesome!
Very good!Good
We bought 2 of these TV's for Christmas for our children. They were on sale for $159 each. I wasn't sure how the quality would of been for the picture.
This brand is great! The price was Awesome! Great quality!
We never heard of this brand before, but now I would always by this brand.
I highly recommend this TV to everyone.32" TV
Versatile... I use it as a PC monitor and TV. Great on both scores.Excellent value for the money.
This is a great product and was extreamly affordable. It has a beautiful picutre and was quite easy to setup. I highly recommend this product.Great Product
read reviews before buying and i;m impressed and my son is happy.alot better than expected
This was a special purchase. It seemed too good of a price to be real. It was delivered the next day!! I have had no problems with it. I worried about the inexpense, so I purchased the 3 yr agreement.

I am very happy.Great for the price
I bought this TV for my wife to replace a bad one. I was thoroughly impressed with this TV. From the packing (even came with tools to mount the TV base and a screen cleaning cloth!) to the TV itself. Very nice picture. The volume seems a little weak, but does get loud enough to hear even in a noisy house. Would definitely get one again.Awesome TV
It is a clear picture. It's light weight and their is a small frame around it. It arrived promptly. I ordered it on a Wednesday before Christmas and it arrived that Monday. Really glad I purchased it.Crystal clear
Excellent product, no defects, will buy Sceptre again!Great buy!
I may be rushing this review since I just set up this TV last night, but so far, I love it! It has a beautiful picture and the manual is very easy to understand as are the instructions for putting the TV on the stand. In fact, this TV comes with everything you need, including a magnetic screw driver, to put it together. I've looked everywhere, including online stores that sell refurbished or even used TVs, and no one beats this price. I purchased it for a guest bedroom so I won't be watching it a lot, but even a smaller TV cost more elsewhere, so I bought the 32". I have always paid attention to the reviews and this TV got great reviews. Gotta love Walmart!Best Deal in Town
I ordered this tv on a sat, and got it tues. Perfect size for my bedroom, and great picture. I cant complainlove it
i bought this tv for my daughters bedroom so i didn't need the (chaos that comes with buying tv's these days) glad i chose this one great picture, sound quality, and slim design.great television! awesome price!
As long as I've owned this I haven't had any problems with it. I had read some negative reviews before I purchased this TV and was a little scared but I've really enjoyed it so far.my little TV
We found this model of TV online through Walmart - about a year ago. We bought one then, and now wanted a second TV for the upstairs gameroom. We searched again, and this one came up as in our price range.
Knowing that we already liked what it can do for this price range TV, we bought a second one.

Very pleased with both of them.Best for the price
I enjoy my new t v it is clear bright and shows a magnificent picture.A Great T V
for the price this is an amazing tv. I dont have any complaints about it so far.Great TV
Great price for high quality.$ Value
Very pleased with quality, color & price.Sceptre TV
This is the second time I have gotten this brand.The first time was for my 16 yr old son and it is holding up nicely. This time it was for my mother and she loves it. The picture is great and it is easy to use and program with all in one remote. Just love it definitely will get it next time I need one.very nice t.v.
I am surprised with the proper functioning of this tv, despite its price has many ports for different tablets or computersMy new TV
This is a great TV for the price. I have already hooked up my laptop to it, and use it to watch Netflix.Great TV for the price
This is the third tv purchased from Walmart, the price was right,($40.00 lower than anyplace else),and free shipping delivered within 4 days made it a even better deal!.Good Quality for a Reasonable Price
I wanted a tv for my bedroom that was large enough to see without my contacts but that wasn't too pricey as I would only be watching it right before bed. The reviews on this one was great so I went for it. The quality of the picture is much better than my daughter's 32" RCA brand tv in her playroom. I spent almost double for it last year than I did on this one. She prefers to watch tv in my room as opposed to her playroom now.Better than my daughter's RCA brand
I LOVE this TV...it's better than I thought it would beGREAT TV
looks and sounds great .its a awesome dealgreat tv
While the hubby watch the football games. I had to find a tv for the bedroom & this one has great pic & add ons..it great the perfect size.Everything I needed!
Started a new job where I will be consulting several screens at once and needed something I could use with my computer and the 22 inch wasn't cutting it. So the Sceptre does the job quite well.Needed it for work. It works great.
I just love this TV! Great picture, great sound quality, free shipping to store. No issues.Great value!
We have just purchased 2 of these, one for our bedroom and the other for our sons. Let me tell you for the money I was not expecting a lot, and this television has definitely surprised me. For not hooking this up with HD cables in our bedroom it looks great, was easy to set up and has preformed extremely well for the first two weeks we have had it up. If you are looking for a cheap tv for the bedroom or for a pre-teen I think that this is a great buy for the money!Great TV for the money
I purchashed this TV as a gift for my nephew so I'm rating it on his evaluation. He says the picture is outstanding better then the one on his parents 55" Vizio. I find that hard to believe but again this is his, not my evaluation as I have not seen it.
I will say what I paid for it I consider it an outstanding value. According to my nephew the stand seems a little loose but perhaps that's because it swivels so it can be turned to where ever you are in the room. The sound isn't the best but not too many HD's do have outstanding sound.
All in all this TV is a wonderful value for the money.Nice Picture Good Value
Offers a wide range of connectivity options, all easily explained in the manual.
The sound adjustments and image control haven't been explored yet, as it looks perfect out of the box. The look quite comprehensive though.Great TV for the price!
tv has good picture good sound easy to operate and price is greatnice tv
this item is very good great sound it even comes with a screw driver lol found a few good things to use that on but anyway quality is very good and the sound could not of asked for more with such a great deal on a tv strongly recommend this item for any gaming system or just got tvvery good
I love how lightweight the tv is and the picture is great! I think the sound is ok, but think it could be a little louder. When I hooked it up to my laptop to use as a 2nd screen, which works great, but when I watched a show with the hdmi cable the sound had to be turned up all the way and still was not loud enough. It is better when connected to the cable for tv. Overall, I am still very pleased with it for the value and cost.Sceptre has great picture!
comes on quick, great picture, sound ok, it was just the right tv for my office and i love the quality. i was thinking it would not be this good for the price. overall i would say it was a great buy.great tv for office
The size is perfect for small rooms whereas it doesn't overtake the room. The picture is very clear and concise. The sound is very good. I would recommend this television to all of my friends and acquaintances.This is a great television for a small room.
So far so good, I bought two 32" tvs for two bedrooms $209 each. Very good picture and sound quality (after manually making some adjustments).Very good for the money.
This is a great TV at a great price. In fact the price was unbelievable. The picture quality is better than my 42" 1080P in the the living room.Great TV
I ordered this TV on a Tuesday afternoon. Walmart said that it would be delivered between that Thursday or following Monday (with Expedited Shipping). It arrived Thursday morning. I was thrilled! I set it up Thursday night. The setup was extremely easy. The instructions were easy to follow and I love that a small screwdriver was included in the box (along with batteries for the remote control). Once it was setup, I started playing with the settings. There are several Aspect ratios to choose from: Normal, Cinema and Wide. There are several color "tones" to choose from "Normal, Warm, Cool." You don't have to change any of these if you don't want to, I just like to fully check things out and see what they can do. The picture quality is really good, as is the sound. I do have to say that this is the first TV I've ever purchased for myself. Every TV I've had previously were hand-me-downs. I spent about 2 months researching my options before choosing this TV. I knew I wanted a 32" flat-panel screen with 720p, among other things. This TV met all my requirements and was cheaper than what I could find at Sears, Best Buy, Walmart (in Store), or even Amazon. I was shocked! I have always been able to find whatever I needed cheaper at Amazon but not this time. As I stated earlier. I am very happy with my purchase.Very Happy With My Purchase
my overall review with this product was exceptional. the price was great, the tv itself is an amazing product, very simple to program, very simple to operate, everything was included, batteries, remote,directions. it even came with a screwdriver.. i was very impressed. one of the better electronic purchases i've made in a long time....you won't be dissapointed if you purchase this product..great experience/great product
this is the second tv i have bought from sceptre for a supposed brand-x tv it works just fine i have no regrets in buying itworth the money
I bought this tv for a spare bedroom and the picture is really nice. I love it.Great tv for price!
I had a 2003 Sony Flat Screen, which with time was very out dated and the TV took, literally, almost an hour to turn on. That being said I couldn't be happier :) It took us about a week to get used to the picture. All of the different settings are fine with me too. The one issue I do have is that there's only one set of "red, white, and yellow" plug holes. In turn I have to get an HDMI cable to have my TV working with my DVD player and PS2 at the same time. Other than that, it's wonderful!Happy!
This is the second one I have purchased,I still have the first one and after almost three years it still works perfectly. I think this new one is even better.It has a great picture and is easy to set up and adjust. You can't beat the price. I am happy to recommend this TV.Don't miss out on this deal!!
I think that the price I paid for this size tv was great. I received it sooner than I expected and it was in great condition when I got it. It was easy to install and it has some good features and benefits. When purchasing another tv I will purchase this brand in a bigger size.Its Great!
We bought this tv for our Granddaughter and after reading the reviews, we figured the picture would be satisfactory as well as the sound and features. We were shocked at the beautiful picture this tv got! Also, the sound was great and the setup was a breeze with our cable connection. This tv holds it's own with other tv's of similar size that cost hundreds of dollars more. I positively recommend this tv.Fantastic Deal
I was very cautious about buying a new tv. I had a tube tv and finally decided to upgrade but I knew nothing about tvs. I looked at Sony, LG, and others but I ended up with the Spectre. I am very happy with my purchase and haven't had any problems.Exceptional TV for price!!!
I was looking for a TV for my bedroom and this is a wonderful fit. Very user friendly.Excellent quality for the money
I bought this TV last Christmas for my sons to use with their gaming computer. They absolutely love it. The picture is great. We do use it in the HD mode, so I'm not sure how it looks in SD. Also we don't really use the speaker on it. I have heard it and it sounded fine, but they like their computer speakers better. I would definitely recommend this. We've had it for almost a year without any issues.Excellent value
I purchased the Sceptre 32" HDTV a few days ago online, and received it a few hours ago. I paid less for this than I did for my last 28" 4:3 HDTV just about three years ago. When that one gave up the ghost, I chose this one based on the number of five and four star ratings other owners gave it. In my case at least their advice is appreciated.

There are better TVs on the market, with more features, but I'd be hard pressed to justify a more expensive TV. Yes, this is just 720 lines of resolution instead of 1080, but I think unless you were looking at the TV with a microscope few would be able to tell the difference. Sitting across the room watching a program on a 32" TV you would need eyes like an eagle to see a difference.

In fact the Sceptre has a few features than nothing else even close to its price can claim. The only less expensive HDTVs were all smaller than 32" and none as far as I saw had more than one HDMI port. The Scepter 32" has three. A few around its price might have a USB port, but of those that do, that usually was only for firmware upgrades. The Scepter's USB port can be used for firmware upgrades, but it also enables the TV to play MP3 files, and show jpeg photos. The TV also boasts 1/8" stereo phone plug for headphones, RCA phono plugs for A/V devices (like the Wii), a VGA connector to allow it to be used as a computer monitor, audio out RCA phono plugs for use with stereo equipment (like a home entertainment system), and RCA phono plugs for YPbPr (used by some systems to send separated color channel information for video).

Setting up the Sceptre was a snap. It weighs only about 15 pounds, so it is easy to lift and move around. I had to attach the base with four Philips head screws which were provided. The package included a little Philips head screwdriver for that! Then I connected the monitor to my cable box with an HDMI cord, which I had to purchase extra. And finally I plugged the detachable power cord into the TV and the wall, and I was ready to go.

The onscreen menu makes it easy to configure. I won't use my TV's tuner, but that's easy to set up as well. You would need to attach a cable or antenna, and then allow the TV to find channels the first time you start it up.

In my case I only needed to select HDMI as the source for my A/V, set the clock, and find a suitable aspect ratio for the programs that I watch. All of that is easily done using the TV's remote. My DVR remote was easy to reprogram for the TV by selecting the first Sony HDTV number listed by my DVR.

I've never had HDTV without a cable connection, so I cannot say how it would be on an antenna. I know that you need a strong signal from your TV stations to drive the HD circuitry, so if you are out in the country without cable or Dish TV, this might not be the TV for you. Most, however, will be pleased with this TV if they are looking for a new TV that won't break the bank.Great HDTV, Easy Setup, and a Very Good Price
This is my first flatscreen TV, but it seems to be excellent, especially considering the $189 price including free shipping to my home. Ordered it on the 4th of July and it arrived on Saturday the 7th, can't do much better than that!

Took a little fiddling to get the picture adjusted to my liking. The sound adjustment was one of a couple of different choices and sounds as good as any TV without additional speakers.

I had to buy an HDMI cable to connect my blu-ray, you'd think they would come with an HDMI cable since there is no other way to use the device, but it's not a big deal.

I would recommend this TV to anyone and am considering a larger Sceptre for the livingroom. I read on someone's review that these are made at the same plant that makes the much higher priced Sony models. The quality on this set seems to be very good, so that may be the reason.Great Value
I bought this TV, even after reading some of the terrible reviews here, and am not disappointed so far. I've known of Sceptre from years of computer use and know that their monitors are great quality, so figured that they probably did a good job transitioning to TV's as well. Of course for under $200 I didn't expect to get high def picture quality or Dolby sound, but wasn't looking for that. I just wanted a larger TV for my living room. The picture quality actually is pretty good, with vivid and accurate color although a bit pixilated if you get up real close, and the set up is a breeze. Sound does leave a bit to be desired though, so for those who enjoy the full, rich sound of the theater, I would recommend an add-on sound system. I also enjoyed the fact that this set is VERY light, making it easy to place where ever you want it. I also like the remote that comes with this set! Very easy to understand and use, unlike the one that came with my last TV.

I also wanted to comment about some of the reviews here that stated that customer service was impossible (or nearly) to reach on the phone. I decided to call the customer service number listed in the online documentation prior to receiving my TV to ask a few questions relating to other posts I had read here. I was pleasantly surprised when a very polite, friendly and professional customer service rep answered the phone on the first ring and proceeded to answer all of my questions quickly, thoroughly and professionally.

Guess this just goes to show that you can't believe everything that you read. :-) Glad I took the chance and ordered this TV. I would recommend this product to anyone wanting a mid-sized TV without spending a lot of money. Good product!Great Value For The Money!
If anyone has a chanch to buy one do it.You would loveit. you can also hock up your computer or laptop to the tv.I inloy my new tv.It has a very good sound to it.
I purchased this tv a year ago. It runs on most days over 10 hours. We have had no issues with picture or sound. If we split the cable to have both the DVD and Wii hooked up at the same time, the volume does dramatically drop. If one or the other are hooked up alone, the volume has no issue.Very much enjoyed the TV
The TV was an great price and so far we are very happy with it.Great buy, the TV is all that we expected.
For the price, you can't go wrong with this tv!Good TV for the price!
Just bought it for my son for his birthday. Great picture and size, he loves it!great gift!
To tell the truth, I was little nervous to buy a no name brand LCD TV. But the price was so great, I went ahead. Surprisingly, the whole box was much lighter than my expectations when I picked it up from Walmart store.

I bought it as a replacement to my basement TV. I connected a small antenna and was able to get about 15 local channels and the picture was surprisingly very crisp. Within no time, I hooked my WI and DVD player with it. It has several HDMI ports which provide the clearest picture. For my WI I bought a special cable with 5 wires on ebay for 3.99$. That made the WI games much sharper. I even connected my extra PC computer to the TV and was able to use it as monitor as well. Though, I also managed to get internet channel through my WI as well.

The only pros is the remote control which acts little moody at times. But so far I am very happy with the purchase.crisp pictures, Extra HDMI connections,
I just love it.TV for parents
Exceeded our expectations so far!NICE, REASONABLE!
I love my 32 inch TV great price and great quality!!! would buy another one and would highly recommend it. Thank You!
I bought this TV for my bedroom all I had was a 21 inch now I fell like I am in heaven with my 32inch. I had it shipped directly to my home very happy with the delivery.My TV
I have been using this tv for awhile now and I am very pleased with it`s performance you can`t beat it for the price, ease of setup...picture and sound is very good...I would recommend this product to anyone who is looking for a good tv at a good pricevery good overall
I'm sure there are better televisions out there that cost more money, but this one went completely above and beyond my expectations! The picture quality was great, the ease of hooking it up and getting it ready only took maybe half an hour, even with the various devices we had to hook up to it (cable box, gaming console, stereo system, etc). All-in-all, just an amazing value and a great product.Awesome television for the price!
After a great amount of research I chose this product because of price, features, size and the incredible WALMART.COM performance and reputation. I have never had a bad experience with them. For all those commentators who want to act like expert technophobes and criticize every little thing... let me say that this product is exceptionally good with a tremendous price point and it is absolutely the best purchase experience I have ever had with WALMART. Out of the box and fully programmed and hooked up to my stereo, Roku, DVD and very small interior antenna in less than 15 minutes. Description and specifications are dead-on! Yes, the speakers are bit weeney but since I don't use them it was not an issue. The picture quality is wonderful and I have zero problems picking up 23 channels which are about 12-15 miles away. Features and functions are abundant. Ordered, received and installed in 4 days using free store pick-up. This is the best purchase with 100% satisfaction I have made in years. I only wish I had room for a 2nd one!Best purchase I have made in years!
This tv meets all my expectations - nice picture, decent sound quality & a reasonable price.good buy
I love this tv I had not really heard of the Sceptre brand before but I haven't bought a tv in a long time. I bought this one at wal-mart.com for $199 and thought well if it's a lemon I will send it back. but I was so surprised how nice this tv is! I bought a 42" of another brand that I know very well and it wasn't as nice as this one. I would recomend this brand to anyone who wants a really good tv at a good price. I also received it through the site to store program so the shipping was free.Sceptre 32" I love it
I purchased one for myself back in June and am very happy with my decision. For Christmas, I bought one for my son. I had it shipped directly to my home and it works perfectly fine.very nice tv for the price
My only complaint is with the sound. I guess I'm going to need to attach the TV to a sound system in order to get better volume control. The highest volume is inadequate for the room the TV is located in. Otherwise, this TV is really great!Really fabulous picture for the price.
I can't believe how fast I got my product,2 days. No extra cost. It shipped the same day I ordered it.5 stars
I've never heard of this brand of TV before and i was worry about getting it. I am very happy that i bought it.... And i have told others about... Plan on buying another very soon...Never heard of this TV Company before..
I finally got around to upgrading from my old CRT TV with this set and I couldn't be more satisfied. Being used to the old standard definition set it is hard for me to judge for sure just how much of the picture quality improvement is due to now having HD but I can say the picture quality is excellent, colors are crisp and true and the overall quality is great. While the sound quality is very good I do plan to add either a sound bar or external surround sound system in the future, it is really not a matter of necessity but with the great picture I want the full effect of a matching sound system. I don't think you can beat the value of this TV, I am on a limited budget and found it very affordable.Great value!
This is my mom's first HD flat screen TV, and she loves it! Because she's going deaf we weren't too concerned with a lot of bells and whistles and this was the best we found for the price. She's thrilled with it, it was easy to set up, and overall, for the money, I'd say go for it!Great bargain
Picture quality is amazing wonderful product I couldn't be more impressed well worth it for the priceWonderful product
I bought this TV about a month ago on rollback which was a really good deal. I put this in my kids play area and they absolutely love it. Picture is good, sound is good, plays the PS3, Xbox, and wii without any issues.

Very happy about this buy. I will update if it craps out anytime soon... but so far so good!Good Cheap TV
Sister says the TV is great! Perfect picture and sound!Gift for Mom and sister
This TV was very easy to install. The sound needed to be adjusted so music sounded better, but this was simple to do. To use your Dish Network remote you need to use the SONY code 500. Since this was our first HDTV the picture is really great.My first HDTV; great price
I bought this for our florida room. What impressed me the most is the qam digital tuner. I get Hi def channels using basic cable without a converter box! The sound is not all that great but you can hook up a separate sound system if you want to. Computer hookup is also available. I just added a wall mount for 50 bucks and it stores flat against the wall so no need for a stand that takes up floor space. I may buy another if the TV in my den dies. I bought this online for Christmas with a 3 year warranty. I hope it lasts!Excellent TV for the money
I bought this TV for the bedroom and was a bit worried after reading some of the reviews. I was prepared to send it back. When I hooked it up I was surprised to see a excellent picture with very good sound. Could use a few more inputs, although 3 hdmi's is plenty. But only one place to plug in RCA plugs. That is about the only fault I can find with it.Meets my expectations.
Great easy to use HDTV! Perfect for the size room (off kitchen) and installed a wall mount purchased from WalMart as well! Happy :)Great Buy!! Love it and we mounted on wall :)
I recently purchased this Sceptre 32 inch tv and within 4 days it was delivered to my door with free shipping. The initial setup was easy and within a few minutes a had scanned the cable for channels and the tv was operational. The tv has options to set the color, tint, and sound to your individual taste as well as many other options and after making a few minor changes I was well pleased with the picture quality. The picture is as good if not better than my $550 42 inch HD tv and at less than half the price. This tv is in our bedroom and since it is in the corner of the room the swivel base is a handy feature. As far as durability goes I have no idea as to that aspect but I would recommend the Sceptre based on picture quality and price.Great value
We bought ours last Thanksgiving and really like it, It's been going a year with no problems. Sceptre was one of the pioneers in lcd computer monitors, so they know what they're doing.Great bedroom TV
Without a doubt the best bang for the buck ! ! !Try one I think you will be glad you did!
This was the lowest price I could find on a TV. I was a little skeptical but could not be happier, everything is great. The color, sound is very good. I'm glad I did not pay more thinking I could get better pic quality.great TV
This is a secondary TV for us so I didn't want to spend a lot of money. Looking around I found this TV on Walmart.com for about $200 for a 32" TV. I read the reviews and thought it was good so I ordered it. I paid a little extra ($5) to get it delivered sooner. When FedEx delivered it the driver said he had just gotten the same TV from Walmart and loved it. That sold it for me. Peace is once again restored with a TV for me and one for him (no more channel flipping!) He is very happy with it and so far it has performed as advertised.Great Buy
Purchased this TV for my son for Christmas. He loves it!! Great price and shipped to my home within days!One of the best purchases I have ever made!!
This TV is worth every penny I paid. Also, the tech support was very helpful in setting up my Direct TV remote.Great picture and sound.
Expected to find something to be unhappy about considering the low price, but was surprised by the quality. Sure, not a feature rich high end big name model, but the picture, sound and remote are very adequate. It uses the Sony codes for the remote but does that mean it shares the technology or components, I don't know? I have 3 other flat screens from name brand companies and this compares well, especially the speakers. You can never expect a home theater sound quality from such a limited space and in this case a small price. The base is a little light weight, so be careful it will not be in an area where it can get bumped.All you need in a 32 inch.
I purchased this television on sale for a guest bedroom in our home -- it was an excellent purchase!! The set has a wonderful picture and great sound!!! It came with a small stand, remote control and av cables for DVD player hook-up. I also purchased the 3-year service contract. The set is light weight, very thin and perfect for almost anywhere in our house. Also, small enough and light weight enough to take on our road trips. Our son is currently staying with us and has been watching the set daily for the last month and has enjoyed it problem-free. I would highly recommend this set to anyone.GREAT PURCHASE
i never thought the day would come where i woukd finally give up my Emerson 19 in..well last week it finally came true. i was briwsing onlne when i ran across thid tv..first i was super shocked at the price and was tempted to buy it because i didnt kno how long the deal would go on..i am very pleased with my purchase qnd now considering on buying the 55 in for my front room. The picture is clear and sound is phenominal..and esp for this price i would reccomend this to anyone.I FINALLY GOT A FLAt SCREEN.....YEAAA MEEE
Sceptre is the best flat screen TV I have ever purchased. Normally I purchase Visio but from now on my flat screens will be Sceptre's! Flat screens are not known for their reliability but I have insurance through my cable TV operator that replaces failed equipment at no cost. I have had one of my Visio's fail. I'll have to wait on the Sceptre to prove itself. However, my guess is it will last a long time.Great buy for the money!
We bought thisfor our daughtors bedroom.Very nice tv for the price. It has more features and jacks than one I paid three times as much for.Very good picture. The sound is good for such an inexpensive set,and better than a lot of others I've tried in stores, but I am used to an external surround sound system in the other room. I reccommend it to anyone looking for a nice set at a reasonable price. I bought their 40 inch one for my garage.Great value
Great but for the money!!great buy
Great value for the buck. nuff said.

I bought this for a very reasonable price from Wal-Mart online. The Sceptre company thought of everything, even a screwdriver inside the packaging to assemble the base. Very nice sound (not amazing but adjustable sound levels), image is great. All the connections for multiple devices. Great product.Even came with a screwdriver!
Great TV for the price. No complaints . Was delivered on time. After a friend of mine seen the picture on the TV,he ordered 2,one for the bedroom and one to use a a computer monitor and was happy with both.Great TV for the price
Nice picture, easy to install and great price. Well worth the moneySceptre 32" LCD
I purchased this back in Dec 2011 and I have had no issues with it. There is also sound and picture settings so I adjusted them to how I liked them. The volume gets really loud on my tv I can have it on 10 and you can hear it in the other room. Im very pleased with this tv and glad I took a chance on it.Nice for the price
This is a good tv for my room. I can't say enough about the price. I paid the same amount for a 15 in . when they first came out. You can't beat this for the money.great tv for my bedroom
bought it for my wife for Christmas. Great deal and it works well. Hard to install.Great deal!
What a fantastic price for this tv. It is such a great tv, replaced a smaller one so we could see it better.
Love itgreat tv for our bedroom
This is my second TV and it is perfect. The picture is so clear and the price was terrific.

Don't be afraid to buy this TV!Not sorry I bought this!
I purchased this tv last month and I will tell you, if you don't have much money but you want a nice decent sized tv? This is your tv right here, It is large and nice, its also easy to put together. You really cant go wrong with this one, I love Walmart because they are good at what they do and they will ship you this tv faster then what they have told you that they would. Its a win, win situation on your end, you really cant go wrong! The color is great you can chose the picture size with your remote and adjust the color to your liking, it comes with the stand and it swivels from side to side, Wow I just love Walmart.This is a great buy
Easy set-up. Good clear picture.Good TV
(September 03, 2013) I reserve the right to change my mind at any time with this review.
I have owned this T.V. for only 2 weeks, I don't feel that is really enough time to do a fair review of this device. I bought it as a secondary T.V. for our spare bed room. It works better than I expected, it seems to have a robust H.D. digital tuner (for the local channels). I had read some poor reviews on this t.v. I was somewhat hesitant to purchase. I went a head and purchased a four year warranty on it for $24. That pushed the total to $203, still much cheaper than any other named brand of that size. I will updated this review in the next few months. I also attached a android mini p.c. in one of the hdmi ports, making it a smart t.v. I use it for Netflix, and HBO Go.The jury is still out
Great TV, I purchase two of them. One for my mom as a xmas and birthday gift and the other for my bedroom. Mounted the TV on my bedroom wall. Great picture and sound for the price. I hook it up to my blu ray player. Ive seen better TV, but for this price you can't go wrong. I need a HDMI cable to hook up the TV to the blu ray player also I got a protection plan for 19 dollars and this cover the TV for 3 years. The TV came in two business days, thanks Walmart.com...........Great Priced Tv
Great for a giftMy grandson love it
All I wanted was a TV that works, and I was very pleased with this one. It was super cheap and the picture and sound are even better than I expected. I haven't had it very long, but everything's great. On the whole- go Walmart.Excellent for the money
LOVE LOVE LOVE IT! GREAT PRICE, DID I SAY I LOVE IT? LOLNICE!
Wow fast shipping, it took a day and a half and arrived safely packaged. Was very easy to hook up and ready to watch. You can't beat the price and the quality. I am very happy with my purchase.Can't beat the Price and Quality!
meets my needsgood picture
Picture and sound are terrific, love the fact the stand swivels. Easy to put together. The value is wonderful; other stores have 26" tv's for the same price. Would highly recommend.Sooo happy.
We purchased this TV for my husband's shop/wanna-be-mancave. We were not looking for all the bells and whistles, just a plain, easy to understand unit. (I cannot remember what bells this TV has as we will probably never do more than watch TV on it.) This is a great 32" flat screen TV for the money which is why I gave it an excellent rating. Less bass in the sound is important to us and we were able to adjust the sound easily. The first week we were a little disappointed in the picture quality as it was not very sharp. Apparently this TV needed some run time because during the second week we noticed a much improved picture. Very nice, in fact. We are very pleased with the purchase.Very good TV at the price
Just what I needed for my guest room/office. The size is just right for this smaller room. The picture is great, good colors and great sound!Exactly right!
We just wanted to replace a television in a room ... cheap! It works great and is a great buy.inexpensive but good
We purchased 2 of these televisions as gifts for our grandchildren. They were easy to set up and the quality of the picture and sound was great. Definitely an exceptional value.Great product.
This was more than we expected. The digital picture is good but the analog is just OK. However, digitial is 720 while analog is 480; so that is to be expected. The sound is better than we thought based on reveiws. Bottom line, if you want to use this for a home theater, you will need to make sure you have a digital signal and a good stereo. If that does not matter to you, this TV is great option.Great Buy for the Price
I've had my television for one year now, and so far (knocks on wood), no problems. This set meets my needs.1 Year In...
Bought this for my 7 year old son and he loves it! He gets so excited that the picture is so vivid and the sound is wonderful and LOUD!!! This has been a wonderful investment!Very Pleased!!
i found the experience in purchasing online through walmart very easy a child could do it. i will do it again.Great secondary TV for bedroom
It has all you need at a great price...The tuner [if you use an antenna] works well.Can't go wrong.
connected it to Google Chrome and Apple and works very well.we are using it as a training TV
This 32 inch flat screen was purchased for my 5 year old great granddaughter. It was a birthday present . The features offered with this set are great. For the price it can not be beatTV is very good for the price
I bought this tv because it was on sale and I needed it for an extra bedroom. Turns out this is the best tv in the house! The picture is clear, the install is a snap, and the price is great. If you have champagne taste and a beer budget, then this tv works well.Don't let the name of the brand fool you
Bought for my grandmother. She loves it. :)Bought as a gift
I read a lot of reviews regarding this and many other brands of 32" flat panel LCD/LED High Def TVs. Mostly they complain of the sound quality. I think this TV is amazing. I have a hearing impairment and have no trouble hearing this TV. I had this TV out of the box, set up, and watching programs in about 20 minutes. Easy! I'm enjoying this very much and highly recommend it. I already have to many of my friends. If you need a nice TV at a bargain price, this is the one!A fantastic product for an amazing price!
Love all the HDMI ports, can use it as a secondary monitorGreat TV for the price
I took a chance on buying this tv because I recently moved out of an apartment I shared with someone and I didn't have one. This tv fit my budget perfectly and I thought it would be a good size for my living room so I took the chance and bought it and I have been happy with my decision ever since. Everything about the tv is wonderful including picture and sound. It was easy to put together and even came with all the tools I needed to mount it onto it's stand.Wonderful little tv.
Far exceeds expectations for such a low price! Beyond pleased! Picture quality surpasses our other tv that was 3x the price!Great affordable tv
Great tv has great picture and sound we love it have had it for a couple of weeks now and are completely satisfied we have absolutely no complaints and would highly recommend it to others.Great tv
Great television for the price i was wondering if this television is any good for the money but to my surprise it is very good the sound could be better i highly recommend this television and i am going to buy one more 50 inches one. the price was great it could not be better. It is beautiful in my bed room highly recommended. From winpoop.Great television.
I am glad that I choose this TV, I didnt recognize the name, but it is a great TV. I would recommend this TV to all. GREAT sound and picture.AWESOME!
For $200 I didn't expect too much and this TV far exceeded my expectations. I use it in our bedroom so having a top quality TV isn't a priority. I wanted a decent picture and for the price this TV is great buy! I have a $500 (2 years ago) Sharp Aquos and it compares favorably with it.Exceeded My Expectations!
This is my second 32" TV. I bought it because the price was so good and after
reading the reviews I felt pretty good about the purchase. Wow was I surprised
it is the best TV I have seen yet. The picture is so very sharp and the sound is great.
Best of all I did not have to do a thing to it when hooked up it was set to go. If you are
hesitant because of the price don't be it is a Great Buy.Without a doubt the best tv
When I saw the price I was skeptical, but this tv is fabulous for the price. The picture is great. The installation was easy. The set up features are more basic than your more higher price, high end televisions, but I kinda liked not having so many choices. I would recommend this TV to anyone.Great little tv for the price
I have this TV in my apartment at school and on volume 4, you can hear it in the other room. The picture quality is great. It is lightweight and very easy to assemble. A few of my friends bought one after watching a movie on mine and they love theirs too! And for the price, mine was on sale, you can't beat it!Excellent TV for the price.
Good picture and soundgood tv
Do not let the cheap price and unknown brand fool you, this is a great TV
It has lots of different connection options including 3 HDMI sockets
The only minor problem I found was that if you want to connect a HDMI cable to it after the TV is mounted on the wall the space behind to get to plug it in is very close to wall.
I did have a close fitting wall mount though.
It is very easy to set up and scan for channels.Great Value
Like some of the other reviews have said the sound is a little lacking but fine for an apartment or bedroom which is where I am using it. The picture and colors are great in HD and SD. I was watching Bonanza tonight and it looked great for a 40 some year old program. The 720p seems more than adequate. I have a Panazonic 42" 1080P and this is just as clear. I have only had this up and running 1 day so if my review changes I will update this post. I would recommend this to anyone.Nice HDTV
This is my THIRD tv purchase of this brand. I hv other sizes & bought this one for my 10 yr old daughter's room. I've owned the others for over 3 yrs now & NEVER had an issue. So I figured why not get another. Very good quality & even better price. Works just like every other tv & has many functionalities. I absolutely recommend this tv.Trusted Brand
I've been working it hard for two weeks without a problem. Suites my needs great. I think the picture is great. Got my computer connected to it so I can sit back like a potato and watch TV or switch over to Windows 7 and surf the internet or watch a DVD.Great value for the price
So far, I am very happy with this item. It has the features I was hoping for, like, HMDI port, USB ports and hookup for desktop screen. Very happy with my first flat TV.It's my first flat TV
I never dreamed this tv would have such a great picture. I will be buying another. This one was a gift for my mother in law for Christmas.Great Picture
Have only had this tv for a couple of weeks so i can not say anything about the durability of the tv. I did a channel scan and got 43 hd channels and one analog channel which was amazing to me. The picture quality is really good and so is the sound, of course we use this as our main tv in our seasonal rv. Great buy and price could not find anything to match it Thanks walmart!!!!!!!Great TV!!!!! great features and picture
If a person wants a fair priced 32 inch TV.....this is the one to buy. I could not believe how good the picture was.....after using a 24inch.....this is like being at a drive in theater. I am one happy camper. I also use it for my PC monitor.....and have a android mini.pc plugged into it. Great TVBest TV for the price
I was very impressed with this TV and for the price you can't go wrong!! The only drawback in my opinion is the sound quality. I would like anyone know this was a pretty good purchase for the PRICE!!!Good for the price.
Being a disabled senior, I had to find something inexpensive but GOOD! I found that with this new 32" Sceptre TV.
Took me a few minutes to attach the 'holder,' but then when I had questions, there was a number to call. I did. They helped me. DYNOMITE!Great Value!
I love this TV, the quality is terrific, my Emerson was knocked down and broken and I thought this cheaper TV quality will not measure up, I was wrong.groovy picture
Was looking for a two 32" for seasonal furnished rental property bedrooms and decided on this brand because of previous reviews and pricing.. was not disappointed. Ordered and delivered within two days. Easy assemble on the base and TV ready to go..great picture,sound and clarity. I was so pleased I ordered a 39" to replace my mothers old TV and she also is very happy with her's. Great pricing and great results. :)Tried and Liked
I was not sure how I would like this TV, but i needed a new one and had a limited amount of money to spend. I am very pleasantly surprised. The picture and sound quality are excellent for the price, and it is easy to reposition depending upon where in the room I am. I have not had occasion to use the warranty, and hope I do not, but I purchased it just in case.Sceptre HDTV
Bought this tv over a year ago,as stated in one review screen when to black. Called tech support and tried all their fixes. None of them worked, they gave me an rma number to send it back. They paid for ven with that problem shipping both ways. After it was sent back had it back and working in a week. They used ups both ways. Even with a problem I still highly recommend this set. The extended warranty is always a good option. Did not have to use EW,went out before 1 yr warranty was up.Sceptre 32"
Great tv...good resolution..im lovin it..yeahhhhhhhgood tv
better picture than i expected love the sound.great tv for my kids room
This TV met and exceeded all expectations!! TV is very loud!! Even on 1 it's pretty loud. And the picture quality is great!!A very underrated TV
I've been using this TV as my son's PS4 TV in the game room for about three weeks for now since the old TV could not handle HDMI. The picture quality is really good and I like the features enough that I'm debating if I should upgrade my bedroom TV. I have not done it so far, but just might. Also the digital tuner works REALLY well with my over the air antenna and I get very good reception. The only question I have is durability. I hope it lasts a good while, but don't know that for sure. Time will tell.Great TV
We bought one of these tv's and liked it so much we got a second one for our family room.Can't beat the value
Purchased this TV online - free shipping - great value!! Was very happy with the purchase. The picture and sound quality are just as good if not better than higher priced sets.Terrific Buy
This was the easiest tv purchase ever! Delivered free to my home, which I love! Great value, made by Sony, has nice clean lines, easy to set up even for an tech idiot like me and my husband. Recommend this product.Excellent Value!
I purchased this after checking all TVs advertised and found good reviews. The fact it was on sale at a great price was, of course, the deciding factor but I am pleased with the tv. Picture and sound are easily adjustable, it's lightweight, has a swivel stand-just wonderful!!Fantastic product!
Very nice TV....easy to set up. Has an excellent picture and cool remote. Perfect size for any room.Excellent TV...easy to set up too!!
It's a nice tv I didnt have any problems with shipping or any problems with the tvgreat tv
I purchased this TV for my daughters dorm room and she loves it and she said the picture is crystal clear!!!! The price was very reasonable!!!Love it!!!!!!!
We needed an extra TV for the office. We put our treadmill in the office as I like to be able to watch TV while walking. This TV is great. I wasn't sure if I should go with an off brand but it had good reviews. So glad I did. It even has a swivel base so I can turn it towards the treadmill when I'm using it. The sound is good on the TV. I think this TV is a great value.This is a great TV for the price
This product was exactly what I thought it would be and having it shipped directly to my home was an added bonus instead of hauling it in from the car -- though the TV is pretty light. Nice picture and easy to operate.Nice TV
TV is good and for the price reasonable. I hate to say but I think I expected a bigger screen, my fault. Nonetheless, the item is a deal and overall high quality! I recommend to anyone.Good quality !!
So far is fine .is being only couple days using and look all ok.nice TV
I purchased this on Tuesday at 10am and my son received it on Friday morning at 9am. Fedex delivered it right to the house. A great picture and very modern looking. The tv is hooked up to a sound system and it sounds great. This is a steal at $250 including delivery. A VERY NICE PIC.FREE HOME DELIVERY
At this time I'm VERY happy with these TV, great picture, great sound! I was kinda worried about the brand since I had never hear the name and some of the reviews were mixed but I haven't had any issues..... and I expect I don't if I do I will let you all know). I'm even thinking on buying another one as soon as they go back on sale!! ;)So Far soooo Good
I purchased this tv for my teenage son on Black Friday. He has been using it for a week now. The picture and sound is great!!! He loves it! It's an awesome tv for a bedroom or any small area. I definitely recommend this tv!!!Great Tv for the price!!!
I use it as my Computer Monitor... For the Price you can't beat it.Great Price, Great Picture
I've only had the TV for about 2 or 3 weeks but for right now I am pleased with it. The color is great and the picture and features so far are greatfeedback
I was a tad bit skeptical because of the price but I couldn't be more satisfied! The picture quality is amazing and the sound is so loud that I only have to turn it up to "8" when I'm watching it. Excellent product!Awesome picture quality!
I'd say the best tv I bought at walmart yet. very good picture & sound. easy to put stand on and to setup tv.great tv
This is a great tv for a room to have. Nothing to put out in your living room area. Quality is not bad at all for the $250. I bought this tv for my room and I am very pleased. I did not expect it to be this sharp as far as the picture quality goes.Great TV for that price...
I have sceptre already 46 inch this one 32 great alsoTerrific buy easy to setup for price terrific pict
Needed a TV for one of our guest rooms but didn't want to spend a lot of money. Very satisfied with the sound and picture. A true value.great TV for the price
i bought this tv a few weeks ago, and i have had no problems. i really enjoy this tv and for 149.99 on the cyber deal it was an awesome buy. it even has an auto sleep timer, which is cool cuz i fall asleep with the tv all the time. also, great tv for the mlb package.great buy
We are very happy with this product, it has a great picture and sound along with many features. We have had it for 9 days now and are very happy with it and the price! It was so easy, we bought it online and it was shipped right to our front door. Easy peasy!Great picture and sound.
Just got the TV a few days ago and works like a champ. Great out of box experience and no complaints here. For a 720p TV, it puts out a great picture. I would recommened this product to anyone looking for a replacement TV at a unbeatable price.Nice TV for the price
We wanted to buy an afforably priced (Cheap!) flat screen for our kids' room, primarily for their video game play (they're both into old school 8 and 16 bit games). This TV fills that bill perfectly. The delivery was lightning quick and installation was easy.Great price for good product
Bought this for master bedroom. Simple but very good picture and sound. And the price is very affordable.Great TV for bedroom
The price was excellant, the picture is great, the sound is vary good. This TV is an excellant deal. It has more fetures than I think I will ever use. It is lite and easy to hang on the wall of my manufactured home, all the interior walls are 2X3 studs but I know that it is plenty safe. I bought the wall mount that can tilt down 12degrees.This was a great deal, the perfect size
i don't ever write reviews for anything, but I've looked and looked for months for a TV, and i ran across this TV.. read all the reviews on it, people complain about the sound, but it's not that big of an issue as i hooked my TV up to surround sound system. This TV definitely lives up to it's price, i wrote this review to help other readers make up their up, if you want a great TV, with a great price, this TV is for you, and plus... it's made in America.Great Tv for the price.
This was a gift for my grandson - he has been asking for a good flat screen to play his games on and watch television (for over a year ) This was met all requirements.
His dad hooked it up for him and he said he had never heard of this brand - but he thinks it is great.
Says picture and sound are best he has ever seen and he is is electronics.
So.. would certainly go with this one if you are looking for television. and..... price is fabulous !Great Television
Credit to Walmart arrived in record time, easy to set up, excellent picture, never heard of the brand so I was worried, but instruction book connects it to Song product that makes me beleive its a Sony by product. I am well pleased with the product.. Many options on TV for extra itemsExcellent picture
i am enjoying my tv // it was delivered in great conditionexcellent
Very impressed with this t.v. !!

Picture and sound are very nice. Can't beat the value and price. The others you look at just wont add up to this one. The swivel feature works great, and most tv's dont even offer that option. Buy it you wont regret it !Great price and Great TV !
I added an HD receiver to the tv from direct tv, picture looks great, am enjoying it in my bedroom...Great buy for the price
We put it in the motor home and it has a picture every bit as good as what we get in the house on Direct TV on an out door air antenna. We find it hard to believe.I love it.
I have a Sony which I paid $150 dollars more and this set is as good if not better than the Sony. Easy to set up and I would recommend it to anyone looking for a bargain. I'm impressed with the picture and the USB connection too, which my other set doesn't have.This TV is a good bargain
TC was easy to install with the tv mounting bracket. Works great, looks great, sounds great. great priceGreat tv at a great price
I bought this tv to replace a 22" vizio. Glad I made this purchase. The picture is great. I would reccomend this tv to anyone who wants a great tv for their bedroom.Great bedroom TV
Great price and great picture. I had it shipped to store and it came in early. No problems after two months.I mounted it to a Articulating Wall Mount ,Item No. 63607061 that I bought from Walmart.Works great!BEST DEAL AROUND!
I was looking for a flat screen TV, for a decent price. I was doing research and came across this TV on Walmart.com. I absolutely love it. I did the site to store option and it arrived 5 days early. I was pretty excited about that. Furthermore, I love the VGA cable capability. I hook it up to my laptop and use it as my laptop monitor all of the time. I've told everyone I know about it because I'm so love with this TV. I did read comments about how sometimes the sound can sound flat but with a little simple tweaks, the sound is perfect now. Very easy set up as well. Best buy I've bought in a long time.Great deal!
My husband and I purchased this TV for our daughters bedroom, and the picture is great, the sound is a little rubbley, if you blast it, but I just adjusted the sound and lowered the Bass, and it's perfff! I would recommend this TV for a bedroom, or if you are replacing a boob-tube in the kids room like I was then you can't go wrong with a price like this!Great TV
I purchased my new T.V. bout 3-weeks ago i love it and for the price it was right..good T.V. for the price
Very Good Panel with great color,sharpness and viewing angle. Looks fantastic running 1080. Th sound from the stock speakers is not all that good but when hooked to any other speakers is excellent. Plenty of jacks for home theater,hdmi,etc. This tv even plays MP3 music and JPEG photos from a flashdrive. I bought this as a Christmas gift so I tried it out first to make sure it was ok and I decided to keep it and I ordered another Sceptre 32" as the gift. I would say for the price this tv may be the best deal on the market. I am very impressed with it and did buy two.READ THIS REVIEW FIRST.......I AM A HDTV REP.
I love my TV! First, adjust your bass up and treble down, until you can buy a sound bar! It's made to have a sound bar. This is a very, very nice TV. The low price is not indicative of low quality. Picture is great and does very well with a home theatre surround sound set up. It is easy to use for online movies, for Playstation 3 DVD & Gaming use. I ordered and got it right away, set it up, plugged stuff in, and was off and enjoying!!! The "Source" feature is excellent.Do Not Be Afraid of This TV--It's Great!!!
Awesome price for this TV. The base of the tv swivels. That's an added plus. Nice picture and great sound. I purchased this tv for my bedroom, and it's perfect.Great TV
What a wonder flat screen TV........I love it, the amazing thing is........it was only $199.Best Price EVER!
The TV came quicker than i expected. It works great. I'm glad I bought it.Awesome TV for a low price
Really... where can you get a 32" HDTV for $209??
Excellent value for the price.
We bought it for the spare bedroom....picture quality and sound are comparable to our other tv's, which were a lot more expensive.
Very happy with this set.Great for the price!
LUV IT In fact I bought 2 more for family memberd for the Holidays.

On the one I had delivered to my home I never received the warrenty book or recipt.LUV IT
This TV shows very bright and crispy just like the other ones, the sound is good as well and It swivels. Super easy to put together. I have no complaints.Just as good as the expensive ones!
Perfect for any medium even large room, 1080 and any other bells and whistles not really necessary unless you are getting a larger TV for a large room and spending a lot of money, no one even got close to matching the price.Great price and perfect for almost any size room
I recieved this tv today it was very easy to set up, just 4 screws to mount the tv to the stand, it has a very clear picture, it is a great tv for the price that it costs.It didn't take long for it to scan the channels, it scanned the annalog and digital channels.great tv for the price
~
Normally on electric products I would wait awhile before leaving feedback to make sure but I just love my new TV!!!

It was such an excellent price for all the features! It is so easy to switch from TV, Satellite, PC, HDMI ect...

Wonderful picture that even has easy changes if you want... I can darken the picture easily with the remote at night for a darker screen (user), and with a punch of the same button go vivid, standard, power saver, mild.

Same with the sound, a punch of a button on the remote for soft, user, dynamic, standard.

I am so looking forward to hooking up my new surround sound and blu ray to it and probably should have waited to type this review until all was hooker up but I am on Walmart's site and loving my new TV so much I went ahead and left my review now.Love It!!!
We needed a new TV and after visiting the store, I was not pleased with the price/selection.
We was replacing a 27" RCA analog TV after the converter box died.

So after reading a few reviews here I decided to order this one. A few days later it was at the store and we brought it home and the rest is history.
The picture is nice and clear and with the color settings setup correctly its a joy to watch.
This TV is reported 720p but when hooked to the blueray the box it shows 1080p since I hae nothing else here to compare it to, I have to assume its correct.Best value....
Just what I wanted.Great T.V. for the price.
Great itemGreat
Super fast shipping. I got this tv on sale and 5 days later the price went down 11 bucks; contacted customer service and they refunded the difference back to my account. This tv is a great value and great quality. It has all the features other more expensive tv's have. I hooked up my little netbook to this tv via hdmi and now I have a very nice monitor. Overall, excellent purchase.Best tv for the money
My husband and I are completely satisfied with the purchase of our new TV and would recommend it to all.Wonderful TV
I bought this tv for my two sons and they put it in their room. They are very happy with it. My mother has the same brand and she love it. Excellent product. CongratulationExcellent Product
MAKE SURE***** you buy a good surge protector. Had one of these before and a surge will easily fry the board. Other than that, it's great. Super picture and good sound. It is made by Sony. It uses Sony DirectTV remote codes.Awesome buy
This is my 3rd Sceptre TV. All are working great!Great tv for price.
Purchased it for my Martial Arts Studio. It's very light weight, there's 2 RCA ports, USB, 3 HDMI ports, image is great. We play DVDS on it all day. Thinking about getting another one for the Dojo and one for my daughter's room.Totally worth it
Since this is the 3rd time I have purchased this TV, I do think it is a great value. It has a decent picture, is easy to set up, and works reliably. I have had no problems with it.For the price a great value
Easy to put together, easy set up, user friendly remote and menu settings. What else do you need!Sceptre 32 in. LED
My daughter love the TV she say the tv show good pictures and the sound is perfectTV
I was apprehensive about purchasing a brand name I was not familiar with. This TV blew me away since it is $100 less expensive than the same size and specs as my Vizio that I also love. I was a bit concerned about being able to program my Direct TV remote to the TV, but Direct does have a code for it. As it turns out, the remote worked perfectly without reprogramming it. The remote was previously programmed to a Sony and I didn't have to change anything. Easy set up and I love the swivel base. I have 2 Sylvania sets of the same size and neither one of them have ever been able to program to the Direct TV or the Dish Network remote.Excellent value and quality
I love the scepter TV, the quality of the picture and the sound is so good! I have no cable but I can watch more than 12 channels from this wonderful tv enough to entertain me and be updated with the latest news.PS I bought a $10 rabbit antenna at walmart that I used in this TV.Wonderful
Very good price happy to have purchasedtelevision for college student
I have not had a bit of trouble with my sceptre, it has given me great service, picture quality. and yes I would recommend this product to a friend.you've tried the rest, now try the best.
This is an awesome replacement for our bedroom TV that was over 15 years old. After some fiddling with the picture and sound settings, it rivals or surpasses our 65" living room set. And the price? UNBELIEVABLE!!! Get one... you won't be sorry!Awesome TV
Fits perfect into a small/med guest room! Looks great and has a great picture!Great Buy!
So far so good! It was a christmas present for my 15 yo daughter and she loves it. The picture quality is great and it even came with a cleaning cloth! Grat buy!Great Find, Great Buy
I purchased this tv for my grandchildren's room for Christmas. It has Beautiful color. It was worth the price.Grandchildren LOVES IT!
I bought this tv for my boyfriend for his birthday! He loves it! He is very happy with the quality. I would definitely recommend this product!Birthday present he loved!!!
TV was bought for grandmother she loves the picture is now and the size of the screen is very happy with it I'm very glad I found it.tv
this TV is only sold on line where I live so I ordered it it arrived to the store free delivery excellent price excellent picture very easy to setup even came with the tools to do it and I was very happy to see that I can even plug in my earphonesexcellent
This is my impression of the Sceptre X322BV 32" 720 led LCD. I can't see anything bad about this TV. The broadcast reception is excellent, the picture is excellent - good color/ contrast right out of the box!, the USB slideshow is excellent. If you just watch, not live for TV, then this is a fine product. It's only 720p, but broadcasters in my area don't sent out more than 1080i, so not a problem. The viewing angle is nearly equal to my samsung plasma. I like the picture/ color temp/ tons more than my Viore led LCD 1080 TV (always trying to tweak it). Only had this a few weeks, but so far it is amazing. The speakers are average for this type of TV - but with analog "RCA" jacks, a 3.5mm jack, & 3 HDMI ports you can plug into just about anything. Can not play video files thru USB - like my samsung - but I knew that before purchase. I seem to recall reading that there are only 2 or 3 actual manufacturers of LCD screens and everybody slaps their guts into the same screens. I can not rate features because I don't "live" for TV - or gaming, so I may not be familiar with all, or lack of, features.a fine 720p
Bought this tv a couple weeks ago and I absolutely love it! It arrived earlier than estimated. I get a clear picture. I'm really satisfied with this purchase. It doesn't bother me that it's not name brand. I got this at a great price!Love it!
My wife purchased this as an anniversary gift for me. We both love it. Great product great priceTelevision
Even though it is an off name brand, this product is manufactured by Sony and has all of the features and quality of other name brands at more cost Currently purchased two of these for use as monitors at a church. Works well for its purpose.Best Value for the money
For the price i was a little concerned. But after i brought it home i was pleasantly surprised by the size and the beautiful picture quality. I own other flat screens all Samsung or Sony, but i feel that this tv can actually stand up to their quality. All in all i am extremely happy with this purchase.Quality Tv for Price Point
The picture on this television is crystal clear and sounds very good and clear.flat screen television
So happy with this purchase. The only difficult thing I encountered was removing it from all the packing that had protected it during shipping! Attaching the swivel base was easy and channel set-up was a breeze. I highly recommend this TV.100% satisfied with this TV
I was looking for a tv for my bedroom. Price and quality were my deciding factor s. I took a chance when buy not seeing many reviews. Very pleased! Shipping to house was very quick. Sooner than ETA given. My daughter loved it so much it is now hers for college. The slim design, light weight, and features d o incredible and LED! Great Buy!Amazing
Excellent quality for the price!Excellent quality for the price!
Received in perfect condition. Easy to wall mount. Great picture and excellent value.Excellent value
Great for upstairs 2nd TV... nothing fancy, good picture and sound!Great Bedroom TV for the price
I had originally wanted an Emerson after the Xmas sale two years ago. After my daughter got into her new apartment I saw the price had gone down for this TV $70.00. I was overly satisfied with the quality and features of the Sceptre 32" LED I purchased two Xmas' ago and when my daughter needed a TV, I knew this would be a good fit for her and our grandchildren. So, this Sceptre is definitely a good purchase and is highly recommended.Exceeded my expectations, especially the price.
I just replaced both of my tvs with these flat screens. I am very pleased with this decision. I think for the price they are great!My first flat screen
This tv has a great picture a nice remote and has all the connections you could want Some complain about the audio. It has 2 10 watt speakers that is good for normal sound. If you gotta rock the house you may need a sound bar. Overall I love the tvGreat TV at a great price.
I got my little tv in Sept 2013 I wanted one a little bigger than the Emerson I had. I was shocked it was not only bigger but cheaper than the 26 in id purchased the year before. Ive not had any real issues with it. The only thing id suggest is buying some good computer speakers or a sound bar to enhance the sound quality. Other than low volume which can be fixed by adding speakers its a great little tv. In fact I like it so much I just ordered a 40 inch in the same brand.Great tv for a new buyer
Picture and sound quality are both very good, especially considering the price of this tv. Set up was simple, shipping was blazing fast. Time will tell how good a deal this really is.So far so good.
Still have to see how it works with a computer. Great as a TV .... nice sizeJust got it, very nice.
Great value. Plenty of HDMI ports for my needs. Plenty of features for the price. I rated "features" as a 4/5 assuming more expensive televisions have more features : )Great TV for small rooms.
I couldn't ask for a better TV for the price. Great picture and sound. Plenty of connections on the back to hook up anything and everything. I would buy another Sceptre.Great TV for the price!!
I would recommend to friends and familyI really enjoy my tv
I am using the product primarily for my PC/laptop and performes very well. Ihave also used it as TV and works very well.Inexpensive appliance with excelent performance
For the price, I rate this SCEPTRE X322BV-HDR 32" LED Class 720 P HDTV with ultra slim metal brush bezel, 60 Hz TV with 5 starts rating.Great price!
I am very pleased with this product.Good Television
Excellent buy. Color is outstanding.Great TV
I had to buy to fit my amoire and the 32 inch just fit. The pic is beautiful and the Scepter Tech helped me to set the pic to fit the screen.Great buy for the money and delivered on schedule.Just Fits.
i read all the other positive reviews before buying. for the price, this is a fantastic tv. i replaced an old tube based tv with this one, and the difference in picture clarity is amazing. it was easy to assemble the stand and hook up the cables in back. the sound is a little tiny, so you will want to adjust down the treble or buy external speakers. the sound quality is good enough for me. i might buy another one for a different room.great tv for the price!
This is not the TV I was looking for but I am very pleased that I purchased this item. It has a very sharp clear picture that totally amazed me when it first came on. I would definitely recommend the Sceptre X322bv tv to all my friends.Amazing TV
This is my second Sceptre. I bought one last year and it has been more than satisfactory. Add in the price and I could not go wrong.I liked it-I bought it
I like this tv . Good price and good quality.Great tv
This TV was bought as a gift. It was delivered quickly and safely. My daughter is thrilled to have it. I also got the warranty. Walmart always give me the best customer service. Thank yougift TV
I bought this TV on black FRIDAY for $149 free shipping. I recieved it on Saturday the next morning!!! I don't know how they shipped it that FAST?!? The color is so clear for the price. We love it! Thank-you!The color is AWESOME!
I purchased this product online and had it delivered to a store near me. It arrived by the date specified in the follow-up email. It was light weight, so I was able to carry it to my vehicle without the need for help. The assembly instructions of installing the base were simple and the parts for needed for the assembly were clearly labelled and included as well as a tool. It took no more than 5 minutes to assemble. A HDMI cable was not included, but I had one that I had purchased cheaply, so that was not an issue. It took less than 5 minutes to set it up, connect to cable and watch my favorite programs. The color and sound are excellent. I am delighted with my new TV which resides in my bedroom at this time.Great TV that doesn't cost an arm and a leg!
This is my 9th or 10th one for my condo rental business. In 3 years I have had no failuresGreat TV
Have had this about 2 weeks. Works great so far. very light. mounting on wall was easy. Only thing I would like is more av connections, only has 2, but that is what is listed on the box and the pictures so I knew that in advance.Very good value
Love my new TV. Sound is a bit poor but with a surround sound unit it is an awesome tv.Excellant TV
This TV was an early Christmas gift from my parents to be placed in my bedroom. They told me to get online and find myself an affordable 32 inch TV. I found this one and was skeptical at first because I had never heard of the brand, but the price was awesome. I figured it was only going in the bedroom so an unfamiliar, greatly priced TV would be fine. It arrived way earlier than it was suppose to and we have been very satisfied with it. I LOVE the fact that it swivels on it's stand. It's very convenient for me when I'm laying in bed watching it. I can just tilt it in my direction without having to move the stand. The picture quality is great. The sound quality is good but there's normally no in between with it. It always seems that it is either too loud or too low, haven't found the perfect sound setting yet.Great TV for Unfamiliar Brand
This TV is nice,but it needs another set of RCA video inputs.
It has 3 HDMI,which is ok,,,,,but a VCR can't plug in along with my Wii system.
Guess maybe it's now time to buy a DVR.

Nice TV though,,,,,,,,,,,Inputs
Had no problems as of yet Colors are great i would buy this brand again so farGreat value for 32 inch tv
Just bought this to get rid of an very old clumsy model. My son loves it. It also give him a bigger space.Good value buy.
I solid tv for the price! Good but not great picture and sound. Easy to set up and view. Only purchased a month ago so verdict still out on durability. So far a very good value for a 32 hdtv.Great value!
Great purchase. This item has 3 HD inputs and for the price you can't go wrong. Thank youGreat item and with 3 HD inputs you can't go wrong
This TV is decent. The picture quality is ok, sound is a bit lacking, and the remote feels cheap. The reason I rate this TV high is that it is impossible to find a 32" at this price. I wouldn't make this the main TV for a home theater, but for the bedroom or a dorm room, this TV is perfect. If it blows up in 2 years, i wouldn't cry too much.

The picture quality shall not be compared to mid-level Samsung, LG, Sony, etc. As long as you are not used to seeing top quality HDTV, the picture will be ok.

Sound has no depth or bass. It feels like listening to a cheap pair of computer speakers.

HDMI input works fine with my Hannspree laptop, the screen resolution and refreshing rate is recognized immediately. The set looks good and is steady. I've had it for a month with no problems...Just as I expected for the price...
After set up and adjustments ,the picture and sound is as good as a set twice the cost.Good value.
great picture, terrible speaker quality. time on tv always runs too fast even after resetting it.great buy for a bedroom
Have owned a Sceptre flat-screen computer monitor for years, so decided to give the tv a try, especially after reading other reviews; shopped online A LOT. Bought for gift, recipient quite pleased with picture quality (had an old 27" CRT tv previously) and sound; had all the hookup necessary for gamebox. Price was really good & fit the budget. Would buy again. Used 'Ship-to-Store,' have done that several times before; tv came in in great condition.Good quality flat-screen tv
We've owned this tv for about 2 weeks. It was very easy to set up. Picture quality is good. Sound quality is good, not great, but good. For the price, and for our purposes, this tv is fine. We use this in our family room, so it's mostly for the kids.
This TV only has input space for 1 set of audio cords. You cannot plug in a cable box AND dvd player or other equipment and hear audio for both. You have the option of always unplugging and switching audio cords or buying a "hub" to switch between components. I happened to already have a hub (A/V Selector) from about 10 years ago, and it works great. However, if you want to be able to plug everything directly into the tv, this tv is not for you. Again though, the hub works great, so I have no real complaint.
On a bright note - I called Sceptre's customer support line for tech service when I couldn't figure out why I wasn't getting sound on 2 components. My first call, no one was available but I chose to leave a message. I received a return call within 24 hours from an English speaking person. I missed his call, but when I called back I got right through. The man was very good - clear English, asked good clarifying questions, explained the input situation, and stayed on the line with me while I connected the hub and made sure the sound worked well on all my devices. I appreciate this kind of service.
Overall, I would recommend this tv to anyone looking for a good, inexpensive flat screen. If you don't mind the 1 audio input or buying an A/V selector hub, this tv should meet your needs.Good for a basic tv, only room for 1 audio input.
My 28 inch hi res viewsonic monitor recently died when the power company shot a voltage spike through the 110 line. I wanted something large to replace it and looked at products from many manufacturers. Walmart had the Scepter 32 inch HDTV for 209, plus service plan if wanted. I decided it was so inexpensive I would try it, and if it did not work out, then I would use it as an HDTV. Well - it works great as a monitor. My only complaint, and its not really a complaint, is that I would have liked a higher resolution. There are many HDTV's out there that have higher res, but they also costs at least 100 dollars more. The Scepter is easily readible, and comes with all sorts of bells and whistles such as built in speakers, and a headphone jack. It also has an input for USB, but I am not using it. It accepts HDTV input and has a VGA jack for input from my computer. It has its own stand, or it can be attached to a wall mount. I use the stand and have no complaints. I am quite sure it will stand up better than a traditional computer monitor, but just be be safe, I bought the 3 years maintenance plan. Total costs for everything, including store pickup, came to less than 275 dollars. My old monitor costs far more than that, so all in all, I think Walmart's deal is fantastic. I hesitate not a second to recommend this to anyone who is interested. Be aware though that its resolution is limited to 1300x768.Great deal for the money
This is our second Sceptre TV and we are pleased with the purchase.Great inexpensive flat screen TV
I have only had it for about a week but so far would recommend it .I am very pleased so far with this tv.
great tv-i use it with my pc-great monitor & tv reception. thats all from this ole mana good buy
The sound is not so great ... as everyone else has said. However, I can live with that - it's a great TV for the price.Great for the price!
I purchased a 40 inch by the same company and I did site to store on both orders.The second order was process a lot quicker then the first one.It took less than week to get it.If it wasn't for the Holiday the turn around would had been a 4 day process.It was a easy set up and the remote control is easy to use.The picture quality is great, the sound I have been trying to tweek a lot only because I am trying to get it to the same settings that is on the 40inch model.(sometimes I can be to picky).But really no problems.My mom came to visit and now she wants both TVs she loves the quality as well.The price you just can't beat it and it has a lot of features.The price once again you can beat.And I even smiled when I was at the car repair shop and guess what what I was watching? A Sceptre TV.Great Tv for bedroom
The only thing I don't like about this tv is the sound. We have hooked up our surround sound to it so it worked out fine for us but if you don't have that the sound quality is not the best. Good for a kids room.Sound not the best
Hard to beat for the price. Has a variety of inputs.A good value
Great TV at fantastic price! My daughter was looking for something for her college apartment and this television fit the bill. A 32" flat screen LCD for less than $200 -- amazing! Television shipped in record time (2 days) and was easy to set-up. Everyone is happy. If you're looking for a 720p lower-end LCD, this one fits the bill.Great TV at fantastic price!
I have had brand name TV's and I would not know the difference between them and this one, if the names were hidden. Great, TV.I would recommend to all to buy.Great TV for an off brand name
Great TV for anyone looking for an affordable unit. The sound could be better but other than that, it's perfect for what I was looking for.Great for a Budget
We purchased a Haier from Amazon for 199.99, it was terrible, the sound sounded like a speaker phone so we returned it for a refund and went searching. I ran acrossed this Sceptre at Walmart. at the time it was $30 more but still a good price. I ordered it on Sunday with free delivery to home and was shocked that I received it Tuesday afternoon.

Actually has bass and treble controls and many picture features.
We tweaked the sound for more bass and adjusted the picture to our liking.
We had the stand on the tv and up in running in about 10 minutes.

My husband is very picky so I had him watch it all evening and he is very pleased, so if he is happy, I am happy.

This is a keeper and a great TV for the price!
I would recommend this tv for the price you can't beat it.Great TV for the price
Having a hard time finding a code on my Cable Remote Control that will allow me to manage the TV from the Cable remote. Might be because its a new brand. So far that is the only thing I don't like.So far So Good. Very Clear Picture
my order came on time, the tv has a vga port wich is what i needed. excellent tv i love itgreat tv
I purchased the TV for my children last x-mas and it is still doing well. The picture and sound are lower quality but for the money you just can not beat this deal. It has held up and does what it is supposed to do. I would recommend it to anyone looking for a 32" on a tight budget and especially if it is not going to be your main TV. Wall mounting the TV was no problem as it is light enough to do it by yourself.It is a good deal
I just received my TV - 4 days earlier then expected and its really nice. Does all that it says and love that I can use with my PC. Great buy for the price. I love taking advantage of the ship to store option! Very convienient and no cost to you!Perfect for a bachlorette
We purchased the tv for our bedroom. We purchased it due to the great price and wasn't so concerned about the picture or sound. It works great for what we use it for. But if I were going to used it in the living room, I would spend a little more and get better sound. The sound is pretty weak. I might go ahead and put 2 external speakers on it anyhow. The picture is better than I expected. Good tv for the price.Good tv for price
Great value for the price. Got for daughters apartment. works well.Great Value
In the middle of a divorce, I was in need of a new television set at a low price. This one fit my needs perfectly.

The picture is a bit grainy of you are real close to the screen, but I have a large living room so picture quality is not a problem for me. Sound could be a bit better, but it is pretty decent as well.

For the price, this is a very serviceable television set. I am quite pleased with the purchase.Good TV for the price
This is our first flat screen hd tv. When we first hooked it up to our cable package we didn't have the hd package and the screen quality wasn't very good. When we updated our programming to the hd package the screen quality was MUCH better. I remember reading about the sound quality being poor and it isn't exceptional, but it isn't awful either. It seems like the sound quality improves when we watch HD channels. Eventually we'll probably get a speaker system but it isn't really necessary if you aren't all that picky. Overall we're happy with the purchase.Good basic TV
The tv is great. No real complaints, but I will say the sound is a little flat, but it'a a great buy. Especially at for the price.I would buy another
It would be a good idea to provide SIMPLE instructions on using the remote to control secondary devices such as a SATELLITE RECEIVER.
The TV is a very good value. Sound quality is simply absolutely great!Excellent value, Speedy home delivery.
I just wanted a tv for my favorite room to lounge around in. I don't have gaming systems, it's mainly for watching Netflix. The size is perfect, the picture and sound quality are good, everything works - I'm happy.Perfect for my own little comfort zone
very good tv it came earlier then expected...I love Walmart this was my first time ordering online with walmart I will be ordering online more often. The tv is great and it came without scratches or any damage to it.great tv!!!
I ordered this TV for my son's room. The picture is crisp and sharp. This television having several input/output ports is a great feature. My son can plug in several of his gaming consoles and DVD player all at once. The tv arrived in excellent condition. No wear or tear on the box and shipping was amazingly fast. Its a gorgeous television and my son is really enjoying his early Christmas present. Wanted to add, to get a truly amazing HD picture I would suggest a HDMI cord which you will have to purchase separately. Overall, the tv is a GREAT television especially for the price and its exceeded my expectations, so far. I would recommend this buy for sure. Thanks so much.Crisp Picture
Only had TV for 3 weeks. So far, so good.Working good as expected
You get a great picture with so so sound. It is quick to set up and even includes a screwdriver to install the base screws. Nice finish on the frame. This would be a nice TV for a bedroom but may not have enough sound to work well in a large living room or otherwise noisy area.great value
The TV is just great, picture is great, sound is ok but we haven't hooked the surround sound back up so we may just be spoiled. The only thing that I can say that would be negative is that the directions for connection aren't clear enough. But a short phone call and all is well.

I would recommend the Sceptre.Nice starter flat screen
Considering I had a lousy 18" very old TV, this is a huge upgrade for me!! The picture is fantasic.. has lots of imputs - though no S-video.
The only "issue" is the built in sound. I found myself turning it up and up when the heat came on. The background noise was super loud, but still no voices. So I attached my computer speakers and VuLa - works beautiful!
SO overall for the $$ I am super happy with the TV!Great for the money...
Great TV for the price. Great picture, easy setup, lightweight and almost NO electrical usage.great tv
After reading the reviews on this TV, I decided to buy it. The picture quality is fabulous, but, as stated in previous reviews, the sound quality is poor, "tinny." Still, I would recommend it because of the value and, I understand that all of these flat screen TVs have poor sound quality.Good Value
This was a great value and meets our expectations. Very clear picture. I would purchase again.Great TV
The only thing that isnt great about the tv my remote some times does NOT work .Great tv
First off the important thing: The picture is great! When using an HDMI connection and an HD channel, it has a fantastic picture.

For the less positive:

The sound can get rattly when turned up. We use a sound system so don't notice that so much.

I hooked HDMI up to the #2 connector on the back of the TV and had all kinds of trouble with pixillated channels and sound not staying with the picture. When I switched to the #1 HDMI, everything worked fine. So I don't know what the issue is with that port.

This is an excellent value at $249.Good value
If you are looking for a TV that you child wants in their room, this is the TV for that. At 32" and under 180.00, it is a no brainer.

Not all the features, but plenty of external connections for whatever you might want to use it for.Perfect TV for bedrooms
Nice size with a good picture and sound. Over all very good for the priceGood buy for the price
I bought this TV for my 9 year old granddaughter to replace the 22" one she had. I was amazed at the picture quality. She was so delighted to have such a bigger screen.Good picture quality
Have had this TV for nearly two years and it is still working as well as when I bought it (moderate to heavy usage at first, light usage the last several months). The picture is great, features are fairly standard for lower end TV's and are easy to navigate, the TV is light and easy to move (which is good since the connections are all on the bottom pointing downward), but the sound is its Achille's heel. I bought it when my RCA blew a couple boards. I needed external sound equipment to hear my programming well. I eventually fixed the RCA (which is bigger with great sound) so this one was retired to my bedroom where I rarely watch TV. One advantage to this TV over my old (besides durability) is being an LCD it has 0 interference with my IR technology devices (remote controls and wireless headphones), a problem seen with Plasma TV's.Picture great, sound could use improvement
I purchased this TV for my son and he loves it. The picture quality is not as clear as my other TV's but the price was right. I haven't played around with the features but overall I am pleased.Great for children
I was skeptical about purchasing this television because I was not familiar with Sceptre products. I am very, very happy with the purchase! The 32" is great for a bedroom, guestroom, or small den. The picture and sound quality met my expectations, also.Excellent purchase
The Sceptre 32" LCD TV is a good value. Was a perfect fit for my bedroom. Very happy with my purchase. Would recommend this unit to others.Very nice TV for the price.
Worth the price. Delivery was fast. I enjoy the tv. My only question is why I wasn't able to hook up xbox to it.Very good deal
I just set up the TV, which was simple. Everything was provided to attach the base even a magnetic screw driver. I was not expecting a swivel base and that was a plus. The sound is awesome, I was very surprise.good
Good TV, great price. As usual you get what you pay for. Nothing special, no special features, no frills. My only complaint is the speakers are not very loud. I am happy with purchase with this good basic TV.Price is Right
This is the second Sceptre TV I have owned and I love them.Sharp 32inch TV
I should have purchased this TV with the 1080 resolution because I am using it strictly as a
computer monitor. This is my mistake and I will however purchase another Sceptre LCD in
the not too distant future with the higher resolution for this purpose. I think that dollar for
dollar this is as good a value as you will find anywhere for this level of TV. I would certainly
recommend this brand to anyone with a limited budget and looking for the many types of
inputs and picture quality that are incorporated into the unit. I rate it 9.5 out of 10 for the
amount of money that I invested.Sceptre 32" LCD HDTV
If you want a nice size TV with good picture quality for under $200.00 bucks this is the only game is town. Go for it!Excellent product for the price
I bought this TV for my bedroom, and looked at a lot of feedback. I research to death when I make a purchase, and had been looking to purchase this for months. It was originally $169, but on black Friday it went down to $149. Ordered online, and picked up at the store. I was surprised at how many features are in the menu, and the easy setup. Although this TV only has the 60 hz it's fine for a bedroom. I purchased a 720 hz a few years ago from Walmart for the living room.Feedback fanatic
I ordered the Sceptre 32 inch TV for Christmas for my sister because my her TV has not been working for quite some time. This TV had good reviews, and I also read that most of its componants are from Sony, which I've always had good luck with. I haven't opened it yet, and won't until Christmas Eve or Christmas day. My sister has been in the hospital and in rehab for 2+ months, so I want to surprise her with it. I'm looking forward to her surprise! I did purchase the 3 year plan in case there's any problem, but I doubt there will be.My sister's new TV
Everything has worked perfectly. Programed the TV to operate with my Direct tv remote.

The swivel base is a little shakey. I stacked some books under the edge.Great TV for everyday viewing.
The picture quality is very good. The sound could be better but it is okay. Cable tech was glad that I advised them that Sceptre had Sony parts and was then able to program the remote. I was glad they offered a 40".Very good TV for an "unknown" brand name
If you are looking for a TV with exceptional sound quality and picture, this isn't it. However if you need a basic 32 inch for a small to medium room this is great for the price you pay. It all depends on what you need.You get what you pay for
Bought as a spare in the bedroom and works fine. Could have gotten a smaller screen size, as it seems blurry when you're up too close. But works well and very happy with purchase.Good value for the money
If you have two of these you can watch movies while Internet surfing. Text display is fair to good!Great 4 watching movies / Fair at Internet surfing
the tv has a good picture, the sound is decent considering the speakers are aimed down instead of forward.good for the amount
it is very good picture the only down side is the valume is not great love the sizegood picture
Great TV for the price. Plenty of hookups, hdmi, usb etc. One note, this does not play video that is recorded on a usb flash drive like every other recent tv does.
pricture is good, and remote has all the features I like.Nice reasonable price TV
This is very nice for the price picture and sound is goodNice picture
This is a great bargain for the price. The picture is good., it was easy to assemble, and looks nice. The only problem with this unit is the volume. Even at the highest setting the speakers don't put out enough volume.Bargain Flat Screen
Picture is really nice. Sound is lacking in tone. It is a good value for my purpose.Good value.
This TV was good for the money. The picture quality isn't the greatest. I had to play with the color settings to tweak it. We bought two. One for our bedroom and one for the boys to play video games on. For that purpose, it was worth the money.
The TV is very light. The stand that comes with it seems to be very sturdy. I would not trust the stand that came with our Toshiba, but I ended up not using the wall mount I bought for this one.Good for the money
Not a bad price only issue is the volume isn't loud enough .sceptre
The only issue i have with this TV is sound. A little bit too silent when watching TV, the odd thing is i dont have this problem when watching dvd or netflixcool tv
When close to TV as when using as monitor the picture will not contrast as much as I desire, faces seem a little washed out. Still it was good for cost.720 vice 1080
I got this for my son to use in his room to play xbox and it works great for that purpose. The multiple HDMI connections were a big help in getting everything connected.Solid buy
I am pleased with the Sceptre 32" Class LCD 720p TV, picture is vivid and sharp and sound is very nice, actually has setting for your personal taste and comes with 3 HDMI inputs this was unexpected since i had other Flat screens that only have two.
Best of all price was so i still had a few bucks in my pocket afterward.
P.S. has a base that swivels nice, so if you are doing something in another part of the room the whole tv does not have to be adjusted. Only gave it four star because its a gift and i want to get the opinion of the person i purchased it for before really rating it in all, I actually hooked it up to my directv and my hd receiver since its a HDTV and the person i purchased it for did not have HD but regular Dish.Never heard of the brand before my purchase but!
I helped my 11 year old son search for his first LCD TV and this Sceptre 32" met his wants and needs. Overall this LCD is a great product. Picture quality was great right out of the box, no dead pixels, features easy to use, and at an excellent price. I gave the TV 4 stars because the stand could be more stable. It will sway if you force it, but if sitting stationary the stand holds the TV with no problems. The speakers are not the greatest, but are not bad and do the job. My son loves his new TV and loves playing Xbox360 on it. I am now thinking about purchasing a larger Sceptre for myself. All in all I would recommend this TV for anyone looking for a quality product on a budget.Good Product, Great Deal
Sound is good arrive fastGood tv good price
This is a good tv and adequate for watching tv in bedroom but for living room and family use i would spend more and get something better all in all it was a great buy for the price we paidgood buy for the money perfect for bedroom
My expectations, I admit, were not too high considering the extremely low price. But my other LCD is a Sony Bravia and to be honest there JUST ISN'T THAT MUCH DIFFERENCE! I had heard of Sceptre only because I had one of their computer monitors, which actually quit working last year. I am actually quite impressed!Can't beat if for the price...
The TV was easy to hook up, it has 3 HDMI connection ports and a USB. At first i had to use the cable connection and the picture was pretty good, but then i got an HDMI cable and now the picture is outstanding. I strongly reccomend to use the HDMI connection. The sound is good. I was a liitle worried at first about purchasing the TV because of the price, thinking the quality and picture might not be that good because it was so cheap, but now i am very happy. This TV is great. I cant wait until i get my PS3 to play on it. I had my TV shipped to my local Walmart and had it in less than a week, (free shipping). Very pleased.Great TV for the money.
I was surprised at how well this unit works - it is as good as any comprable unit I looked at for nearly twice the priceVery good tv
The TV is for a spare room and for the price can't beat it and it was a breeze to set up. I was impressed by the nice screw driver that comes with it. The TV was site to store and everything I have gotten so far from site to store has had the boxes smashed to bits. Someone needs to do something about the Walmart truck drivers. We checked the TV out at the store and the screen did not seem to be cracked. So far the TV is working okay, just have my fingers crossed that the uncaring truck driver did not ruin something internal. So I would rate this product good and Walmart's site to store drivers poor.Seems good for the price
We wanted an inexpensive flat-screen for our bedroom that had a sleep timer. This Sceptre 32" fit the bill. It is hooked up to a SD satalite box but still gets a very good picure. Took some phone calls to Sceptre and Direct TV to get it hooked up but works fine now. Of course we have only had it hooked up for 5 days so have no idea how long it will operate but so far very happy.Good bedroom TV
Purchased this product for the bedroom and we are very pleased with it to this point. Hard to beat for the price. They even furnished a new phillips screw driver for the base assembly which was a pleasant surprise. Setup was well explained and relatively simple.Very pleased with product to this point.
I am very happy with this purchase. For less than $200.00, I got a very good quality, up to date T.V. The sound is clear and fills the room. The picture has several settings (i.e. normal, cinema, widescreen, etc.), which is a nice feature. I can hook up a computer or other audio devices to it if I wanted to. It is light but not cheaply made. It also has the added feature of a swivel stand which is really nice. I assembled it myself very easily. Set-up for my cable (U-verse) and I was up and going with the included quick start instructions. It is more than worth the price, I did not think I could afford to buy a flat screen T.V. but I have one now.Great Value!
Everything is good. I do feel like the sound quality could be better and the tv could get louder. Buy besides that it is pretty good.It was very nice for the price.
My children bought this for my room when there tv died. They wanted to play their video games and didn't want to wait for a new tv.Nice size for a bedroom.
I bought this for my computer room so my grand kids could play video games on it and my husband could watch the news. It is easy to use, which is a plus, and has a crisp picture. Good overall value for your money.Nice television for the price
I bought this TV as a gift for myself. I checked other stores but couldn't beat the Walmart price.
This is not a brand known to me so I read the reviews, which were good, and decided to try it. I always take reviews with a "grain of salt" and combine that with my gut instinct.

I was not disappointed with my decision. Setup was simple, all I had to do was put the base on and they even had the screwdriver needed as part of the package! I see NOTHING wrong with this TV at this point. The color is great, the sound is great. The TV can also be swiveled left to right from it's base without having to turn the whole base.
The ONLY concern I had was that I felt the base was a little, just a little shaky. It holds the TV fine but I was worried about my cats jumping on the taller bookcase where I have it located. They could care less though and haven't done it. My plans are to wall mount this anyway.

I would highly recommend this purchase! Treat yourself!Total satisfaction
I haven't had it that long, only a few weeks, but for the price this is an excellent buy. I have all the features that I am interested in having. I am able to HDMI out from my computer and watch netflixs, and when what I am watching is in HD, it is fabulous!! I can, using a wireless mouse, lay in bed, watch tv, through cable or switch to netflicks, turn everything on or off. For the money, I couldn't ask for more. The sound is much better than I expected also.
I would recommend this TV to anyone on a budget.Very happy with purchase
Received this tv a few weeks ago and have been very satisfied with it so far. The only drawback is that the speakers are not the greatest, but this is a bedroom tv so it doesn't really have to be overly loud. Not sure if this is a common issue or not, but our tv will switch the INPUT setting as you are watching tv, which will put it to a blue screen and you have to change it back. ???Great TV for the price!
Clear picture, easy set-up and good sound. My 11 year old son loves his new television and it plays his movies and games beautifully. It's not the best but it's pretty good.QUALITY TV
Easy setup. Great TV for a great price.Great Purchase
I bought this TV for my 12 year old for Christmas. It was a great deal at $209.00. It shows a really good picture and the sound seems to be ok. I was replacing a TV that I bought from Target, on sale for $199.99. Took it out of the box on Christmas morning and found out the screen was cracked. Went on line and found this one. A great price and good purchase.Great TV
Just got it and it seems to work ok, picture is pretty good too... all in all for what I paid... Not bad at all...Not bad
Bought this for my husbands "man cave"! He is a gamer, it has a great picture, and the sound is a bit low no matter how high you put the volume! With out surround sound it's great!Nice
Bought for my son's bedroom. He and his Xbox are happyGreat value
It's hard to find great fault with a 32" television considerably less expensive than the major brands, but the sound is a little erratic and the picture is "adequate." It works well as a bedroom (second) set, but I really wouldn't want it to be my family's primary source of entertainment where we might sit for several hours. Additionally, I think you'd be hard pressed to find a better buy as a monitor for your computer. I'm not unhappy with it.You generally get what you pay for.
If you're expecting to get an incredible TV for dirt cheap, you're going to be disappointed with this TV. But, if you understand that you get what you pay for, and all you really need is a decent TV for a good price, then you can't beat this one. The picture is great, and the TV looks very nice, plus plenty of hook-ups in back. Sound quality is lacking and sounds a little like a tin can. Also, the channels are kind of weird when it scans them for you (51-1, 51-2, 54-7, etc.) making it difficult to tell what channel you are on unless you have a cable box or take the time to name the channels in the TV setup which isn't very difficult. Clicker is a little on the cheap side too, but like I said - you get what you pay for. Great TV for the money!Good value for a cheap TV
having a little trouble getting it to HDTV, a little confusing, but all in all a good price for a "starter" flat screen.Good TV for the price...
For the price this is a good deal and product. The sound is tinny but we have a sound bar so no big deal. I like it, and would recommend it to others.Good product for the price
Easy to assemble, good picture, great value for the price.Great value
After reading the reviews on this TV, I decided to purchase. First off, it arrived very promptly. Faster than estimated time of arrival. It's a very lightweight box and was easy to carry on my own. Installation was super fast and instructions were easy to follow. The picture on this screen is amazing for the price and being it's a 720P. Overall i'm very satisfied. I've had it for about 2 months now and have had no problems whatsoever. I decided to mount it and it looks even greater up on the wall. Great price and purchase for our bedroom entertainment. Don't hesitate to purchase or if you like to be on the safe side like myself, purchase the protection plan for an additional $24.Purchased after reviews and i'm very happy!!
I use this tv to replace an existing 32' Olevia and what a difference not only in appeal but as well as value for the money picture quality design which fits extremely flat on the wall
boots up fast and the sound quality is incredible This was for a guest bedroom I will have to charge my guest now because this tv has elevated the room a great deal .
Time will tell how long the tube will last but for now I got plenty of bang for my bucks
Cheers...Great intro tv
Good price! Nice picture. Will buy another.Good tv for the price
I have bought several Sceptre Televisions in the 32 inch to 42 inch size range. I find them more than acceptable and they seem to be much better in terms of picture quality than other no name brands I have tried like "TCL". While they are not in the same league as my 60 inch Sharp LED, they do the job in small bedrooms or wherever you would like an extra TV and don't want to spend a lot of money. I would say Sceptre is on its way to making a name for itself in the TV market in the way Hyundai became an acceptable no joke brand in the car market.Sceptre is a good brand
Great dealGreat deal
i had bought this tv due to a move and my old box tv didn't come back with me. so i want something up to date and able to have game consoles, dvd,vhs all that. this tv had one port to hook up a dvd player and what if you have the three cable cord like blue yellow red. so i purchase a tv switcher so i can hook up all four items of my games etc and it be hooked to the tv. tv is great for video games nice clear pic and sound is great.nice tv for the beginner
We have only had this connected since Christmas but seems to be a very nice TV.Sceptre 32"LED
I am very happy with this tv. It was easy to set. The available ports for older equipment are nice to have. My satellite receiver is an older one that uses the RCA jacks and I was able to use it with this tv without issue. The only negative thing I have to say is that the sound is a little difficult to adjust but, I do not think that it is a problem with the tv. I have the tv in a cabinet with a large hole in the back. The hole was from a previous older tv that was extremely deep. Since the speakers on flat panel tvs tend to be on the sides or back of the unit the sound is not able to bounce off the back of the cabinet like it should. Picture is very good with the satellite signal. The size of the tv is nice. I like the thinner border around the outside edge.Good product for the price
This tv is being used outside on a patio. It is located under an overhang and well protected from the weather. So far it has been easy to see in both cloudy and bright sunny conditions.Good TV for the price.
I give this product a great review, sharpness is good, quality is good, picture and volume are good. I have no complaints at this time. The price point was good for the time of purchase due to all the other sale TV's were sold out. But I would refer this product to a friend.Great T.V
nothing great but good value for moneygood value for money
Just the right size for a bedroom. Doesn't take up much room. Good quality for the price.Good sound; clear picture
Great deal! I am happy with my purchase and it is a good size for master bedroom.Great bedroom tv!
Bought as a gift for our 9 year old son, was easy to set up and looks great for our son, sound quality is just...ok but am happy with purchase!Good for what you pay
Good picture. No problems with remote codes and my cable provider. Sound is puny, but TV has line-level stereo outputs ... and it sounds just fine when pumped through the sound system.

Looks puny inside my furniture, but the next size up ... is too big! (And too expensive for me.) So there you go.Nice Basic TV
I read all the reviews, shopped around and did my homework before purchasing this tv. So, when it arrived I knew what to expect. Was worried about the sound based on reviews which for the most part were quite accurate. It did sound a bit tinny and I don't recommend turning it up too loud as it will vibrate. However my needs do not require that type of sound quality. I did adjust the bass to a much deeper level and so it's sound is acceptable too us. The picture is very nice and set-up was uncomplicated. It is on every day and we have had it for about 9 months and have not had a problem. I have just ordered another one. My extremely old bedroom tv (the bulky heavy kind we all used to have before these new generation flat televisions) is finally dead. I ordered an Emerson with dvd combo that was on sale at WM. It had good reviews, but boy did I ever learn something. I did not know that some flat tvs could only be watched from directly in front of them. Not 2 feet to one side or the other, or from sitting on the floor. This was not acceptable for me as I often have to lay flat on the floor to do exercise and therapy to relieve back problems - so it is going back, and after again shopping around and doing my homework, found that this Sceptre model that we purchased in January was again going to be the best bet for my money. I am hoping that I can report in another 9 months that the new one I just ordered keeps me as contented as I am so far with this one. I live about 100 miles from the nearest WM store, so I do most of my shopping online for just about everything but groceries, and I always get good service. If I am not happy with a product, WM is very good about accepting a return, which I HAVE had to do a number of times. Not WalMart's fault - usually just a manufacture problem, or in the case of my recent Emerson tv purchase, the fact that I am not well versed when it comes to the specs of a product. I think the sound is the only drawback with this Septre, but as I understand, that is an inherent trait to almost all flat screen tvs and can be remedied with exterior speakers or a soundbar. Keeping my fingers crossed that the new one is just as good as this one!! I'll let you know how it turns out.Am happy with this purchase.
Easy set up, good picture, audio a little tinny but good for price. Only have it a week so dependability will be a question for awhile.Quality is very good for the price.
This is my 2nd Sceptre and I love it. It Is easy easy easy to hook up and a huge bonus is that it's light weight enough that I was able to lift it to the top of a chest of drawers and I'm close to 70.Easy to set up
I bought 10 of these for a business I was opening and am very impressed with the quality and featuresGreat inexpensive tv
Great picture but not compatible to DTV. The codes provided do not allow DTV remote to control all functions. The Scepter remote is required to control volume. Whoopee, 2 controls required again.Non user friendly
I purchased this TV specifically for the price. I have a small bedroom and just wanted to have a flat screen to watch movies in bed. The picture quality is excellent, as is the sound. I could not have found a better bargain for what I got.Excellent buy for the price!
Just like most other's reviews I would say the only flaw is the feedback you get from the speakers. But I can hear it just fine at a low level where there is no feedback and if you want, you can use computer speakers or surround sound and it takes care of the problem. I actually first bought a Samsung and returned it for this one bc I wasn't impressed with the picture quality for the price I paid. I'm much happier with the Sceptre quality and price.great price for great tv
Just got out of hospital and put the TV together this morning. Easy assembly, nice picture.OK
Sound is not as bad as some have posted and picture is very good.Good value.
This is our second Sceptre 32" flat screen TV - we bought this one for our screened porch. For the money it is an excellent buy. The picture is great with many options for settings. The sound quality isn't the greatest but acceptable. It is a non-glare screen which works great since we have it on our screened porch. For $169 you can't beat it.Value TV
This tv has exceeded my expectations for the price. Shipped quickly, easy set up, great communication from Walmart. The picture is really good. Sound quality not so good, still a very good value overallNice for the price...needs better speaker system
Like many looking at the price tag on this, I was a little skeptical about it. I purchased the 2 year extended warranty, just in case. I don't know how long it will last. But, straight out of the box, I am quite impressed with this TV. Given the price, you really can't go wrong. I purchased this TV to go in our master bedroom, so I could mount it on the wall. It is very light. It has a good picture quality. The sound is a little blah, but we don't need too much out of it for a bedroom. I was told by my satellite installer that these are made by either Hitachi or Sony, but I have not been able to confirm. Overall, I'm very happy with this purchase.So far, so good
I purchased this television as a gift for my boyfriend of 11 years. He's wanted a flat TV for years and I finally found one in a price range I could manage. I am very satisfied with this television. We don't have HD available at home, but it is still a very good television. The only improvement I would suggest to the manufacturer is additional input jacks for multiple devises such as a game console and a DVD player without having to switch out the jacks from one to the other.Very satisfied.
I got this TV on sale and I am very happy with this purchase. The one and only complaint I have is the sound. Sometimes I have to turn the volume way up to the 50s & 60s when most of the time I stick to around the 20s.Great TV for the price
Had this TV about 3 weeks and all seems good so far. Sound is a little tinny and picture needs some adjustment but for the money it is all good.Overall pretty good TV for the price
this is a great set or the price , I love it. picture quality is great works well with my hddvr connected with hdmi cableit is also great with the playstation 3. was very easy to setup
the base stand could be improved manual with this set is easy to understandas good as my Sony HDtv
I have been holding off on writing anything for a couple of weeks to see if any bugs that I had read about might develop. So far, so good.

I would say this television is an incredible value. No, not top of the line and anybody that expects that needs to plan on paying at least $300 more. But, for the price, I am not disappointed at all.

Positives, very easy set-up, good picture and I haven't even set up HD yet. Sound is better than what I expected. Anyone complaining about this aspect, no it isn't a Bose sound system, but once again, it is worth what paid for. Better than expected. Very user friendly as far as settings go. Also, surprised that it has a rotating stand...just an extra plus.

Negatives, yes, case is cheaply built. But unless you have a child that attacks everything with something hard, it will hold up just fine. Remote, not the greatest in the world, but use my Comcast remote anyway, so no big deal. As stated, no, the sound is not ideal, but fine for listening at lower levels. Turn it up to much and that is when the inferior sound is noticed. Big deal, hook to surround sound, or as I do, just run through stereo system.

At this point in time, I am glad I made this purchase. The Wal-Mart site to store delivery worked well. No problems. Would definitely recommend this to a friend.

Will update in the future if something arises.Great Value
This TV meets all my needs. Has plugs for everything from a computer to the cable and everything in between. Great picture and sound. Very easy set up even came with a screwdriver to put the base on. Takes 2 minutes to set it up and you are watching tv.Excellent product and easy set up
I was a little skeptical, considering I had never heard of the brand name before. But it was such a great deal, I had to go for it. I was pleasantly surprised at how quickly it arrived. It was very easy to set up. You will have to adjust the sound and picture settings. If you like big sound, you'll have to hook up an external speaker source. Very lightweight. Overall, I am glad I made the purchase.Decent Product
This is a decent TV (or computer monitor), but a great value. For under $200 you get a very large screen and good picture. It's definitley not your main TV with incredible graphics and wonderful brightness, but for the money it's an excellent deal. I have purchased 3 of these for monitors for my office and have been extremely satisfied.Good value for the money!
The TV was really great, the multiple hdmi make it great for connecting multiple systems. The picture quality is also very splendid, so far I have not had any issues with it and would recommend anyone on the market for a tv to consder it.Great TV
I think it is an excellent TV for our room. The only real complaint I have is that the remote control is hard to use. You do have to make sure it is pointed at the blue light or it won't change the channel and then it may or may not work all the time. (we did put new batteries in it) The sound is OK but could use a little improvement, but it isn't a deal breaker. Over all a good TV for the price. We bought it site to store and the service was great. Will be making more purchases that way.Like this TV
Good price for a 32" LCD and was selected after reading the reviews for the other 32's in similar price range. Needed for spare bedroom and just the right size. The stand is a little cheaply made, but not a working part...it's just a stand! Glad I chose this model. Ordered on line and picked up at the store of my choice for free shipping. Was an easy transaction and received fairly fast. Happy with my selection and purchase.Good price for a 32" LCD.
I wanted to update my old tv in my bedroom. I selected this tv because the emerson 32 for 188 dollars on black friday was not worth going out in the crowds for. I purchased this tv online and it was delivered to my door by the following week. The picture is good and its a great fit for my bedroom. The sound quality is not as good and sounds tinny but is suitable for my bedroom. I don't expect sound quality on flat screens to be that great because of how the speakers have to be on flat screens. I had a similar issue with my 42in rca plasma and the sound. Overall, for the price, which was great, its a good fit for me!A good value
I bought this TV for my uncle as an early Xmas Tv and for beong an unkown brand it turned to be a great TV. The picture quality is very vivid and the sound is clear. Also, the price is fair. I would recommend this product to customers.Great for a bedroom.
The sound is a little worse quality than the TV being replaced and there are not as many places to plug the 3 cable products so I cant attach the DVD player along with the PS2 at the same time. Other than that its a great value for the price. I would definitely recommend.Great for the price
solid picture/features for the price, though auxiliary speakers are recommended as sound on stock speakers is a little shallow/tinny.nice features/picture- sound could be better
So far so good with this TV. I mainly bought it for the price. Got this for around @220 & that is with the 4 year warranty. Can't beat that deal! Tv looks great, picture quality is awesome, sound is awesome, this TV is great. I would definitely buy another one & I got peace of mind for 4 years with my warranty.Great TV so far
We bought this TV for an extra room at home and I think it's going to be going off to clollege with our son - he loves it.Great TV for a great price!
For a 32" TV and considering its price the set seems to perform well. At (only) 32" it probably won't be your primary TV in a living room, so it's being evaluated mostly as a nice sized set in a bedroom. For a main entertainment set, you'd probably want to look a few size classes up anyway. 40" sets have come down so much in price anyway.

The 720 vs 1080 distinction doesn't seem to make a substantial difference looking at this set from across the bedroom. The quality is good with an HD signal. If you're replacing a non-HD set with this one (as I did) expect to notice a bit of fuzziness with non-HD input. Any "upscaling" this unit may try to do doesn't seem to work as well as it does by our main television.

The sound quality is quite poor, but that's a common gripe with flat screen sets. Regardless, it's noticeably worse than our other TVs. I mitigated this by hooking it up through the iPhone dock next to this TV. Still, at the price it was purchased, a decent sound bar could still be acquired and come out ahead on both money and quality.

All things considered it's a good set, and a perfect size for a bedroom. Not too big as to be blinding at night, but big enough to see clearly across a room.Decently priced HDTV
We love this TV. It has a really good picture and the color is bright. I read some of the reviews before the purchase and most were right on the money. If, this is an additional television for your home (video games, computer, etc.) this will be a great buy. The sound quality is not good but, that is the only drawback with this purchase.Great value
I have had this tv for over a year and haven't had any issues with it.
I added a sceptre soundbar that cost about 60 from Walmart and found the two to be an excellent combo. The tv remote will turn the soundbar on when you turn on the tv.
I live out in the boonies of eastern CT and use an antenna with a booster and can get channels up to 50 or 60 miles away. I paid over 200 when I got it and it is cheaper now. I have had no issues with it thus far. The remote has a lot to it and hasn't failed yet.Good quality tv at an excellent price
I got this TV just for my room and at first when I hooked it up to watch some videos the picture quality was just average. Then after I connected it to my HD service with HD channels the picture quality was 10x better which was surprising. Aside from the peeling brand stickers on the front, this TV is actually better than expected. Would definitely recommend it to anyone on a budget.Surprisingly nice!
This was a good deal, but the remote control died after a few days use. However, I contacted Sceptre through their website and they sent a new one within a week.Good deal
So far i am very pleased with my purchase, this is the second tv of this brand i have purchased from Wal-Mart. i would recommend this item at any time.TV PURCHASE
Only had this TV for 12 days and not used every day, but so far no problems. Very easy to install support stand with a screwdriver that THEY provided!Seems to be very aqdequate....nice large screen
This is overall a good value. The picture looks great and it has lots of features. The speakers however are a Little weak, they sound nice with dialogue but with music they rattle and sound flat. But, I am still happy with the purchase.great picture not so great speakers
Purchase was fantastic. Great price, free delivery to my home and it arrived in just a few days. This was a purchase for a teenagers room, but after seeing it I would reccommend the purchase for any room in your home.Great TV for the price.
Lets start off with the good!
1. Great image quality with vivid preset and "warm" color setting, nearly perfect with minor tweaks.
2. I like that the tv is on a swivel base, allows you to turn it to where you are sitting for direct viewing angles.
3. Price, and the internals are apparently sony (i have read this, also confirmed by my charter remote control where i had to use a sony code, none of the sceptre ones worked).

The bad!
1. Speakers. Let me first start off by saying i realize LCD's have poor sound just based on the fact they are so small and you cannot really produce good sound in such a small space but....these are the worst sounding speakers i have ever heard. I literally cannot use them, i had to hook up my stereo to it to be happy. This is my 3rd LCD tv i have owned, and while i expected the sound to be bad, it was even worse than that.
2. I am making my 2nd bad the same thing, because one isnt enough to express how poor quality these speakers are!

I only took off one star because people dont buy an LCD at this price expecting good sound from it, heck even really high end expensive LCD's do not produce a sound as good as my old cabinet style CRT tv, its just the physics of sound, and i knew this going in.

Its a very high quality LCD panel that produces higher quality images than my 37" dynex that i paid around 100 bucks more for, but speakers were even worse than anything i could have imagined. Absolutely worth the 189.00 i paid for it, and would purchase again.Great picture quality, horrendous sound!
i bought this TV for my daughters 3rd birthday. in march of 2011. i have owned it since then and the only problem i had with it was sound went out on me. easy fix shut tv off and back on and it is fixed. it would only do the sound issue if i was playing a game or watching a blue ray on it. so with a cable or satulite hook up to it its works perfect. i have had it for a year and a half now. great for family time. (i could have been the lucky one and got one that didnt have any problems tho) i just recently sold it to a friend so i could upgrade in size. but i would recommend this to other people who dont have much money to get a HDTV.i dont know what everyones problem is
I have only had this for a week but it has good resolution and set up was easy.It works
So far, a great TV for the money. It is a bedroom TV and will not be used all that much.Ask me again in a year. I'll know more about it.
good value for the money satisfied so far useing in bed room where true hd is not important to megood value
Picture is very clear. I am pleased with this purchase and it is a great TV for a low price.Excellent value
Bought this for my bedroom, great picutre and good sound. Definately recommend for 2nd TV.Great Value
It is nice to have a large flat screen besides my small laptop screen. It is everything I had expected and was easy to set up.Easy setup works as expected
The TV is awesome for the price. The picture quality is great but the sound is very poor quality. This is not a factor for me as I use a soundbar and subwoofer. Very happy so far but we've only had the TV for a week or so. Time will tell.Too soon to tell.
I hadn't heard of this brand before. So I real just about all your previous reviews. From them I was still not sure, but decided to go with it anyway. It was for my daughter and husband (the husband ,who is the true meaning of "couch potato".) They like it and that is what was important. Has a good picture and the size was just right for the area it had to sit in. I will be buying one for myself now. YES, I used them as the guinea pigs.This is a WHAT???
Love it but sound could be a bit better overall I am happyGreat value for good tv
Couldn't get my volume to work after configuring remote code from Comcast but, overall so far so good. I did have trouble screwing the TV stand to the TV base with the small screwdriver provided, I had to use a larger screwdriver. Overall, good TV for the $179 I spent on it.Overall good cheap TV
I bought this TV on sale for $149. Only had it for a few weeks so far so good. Nice picture, good sound. Reviews of this product on net do not seem to be to good so I'll see. Purchased extended warranty thru Square trade for additional 3 years just in case.Good TV for the price.
good picture has all connections that I need sound could be better this is the third spectra I hoping they keep workinggood tv
I know my review title and rating may seem at odds, but I got this for even less than what is advertised here, so it is a 4 out of 5 for the price I paid. Sadly, this is my main TV and it replaced an Emerson I had for 6 years which just needs capacitors. They are cheap, but of course the service would be as much as this new TV. This TV is so cheaply made compared to the one I had, I was scared it was going to fall over when I set it up. It has a swivel bottom which most people probably like, but I already have a TV swivel. All the connectors are underneath the TV. They couldn't have put them in the worst place. The only picture choices that will fit on the screen (for TV viewing) are normal and wide. I understand the other choices, for movie watching, but wide is the only setting where you can see people's heads and their WIDE bodies. The picture is very dark. I'm going to call the company to see how to lighten the picture, even though I think I've done all I can. Surprisingly, the sound was not as bad as other reviews. That I can stand. This is a good TV for a kid's room or basement. I would advise buying the warranty. I've been very lucky with my TVs and if this TV lasts 4 years, I will be very surprised, so $24 is not that much to keep it for that long. After being so negative, as I said, for what it cost it is worth it and if it lasts 4 years, it is a deal. But if you are buying this as your only or main TV, I'd look some more.You get what you pay for
Great picture, but not the greatest sound quality unless you connect the tv to surround system.SCEPTRE 32LED720PHDTV
Extremely light, good picture. I would have rated higher, by I have in a bright room and cannot adjust brightness enough.Good tv, my first led
From the time it was unwrapped until it was ready to use took 10 minutes tops. This even has a screw driver in the package to put on the base if you are not wall mounting.Very easy to set up!
My husband and I were looking for a second TV in our bedroom. We have a Samsung 1080P TV in our living room with wiFi, etc, so I was worried we would be disappointed with this TV, but for the price it was worth the gamble.

If you are looking for a living room TV, definitely get a sound bar or surround sound system. However, for our bedroom it is perfect.

Overall we are happy with the TV and the picture but we have only had it a week or so. Set-up was super easy and the TV is super light so I was able to do it all myself without fear of dropping it and ruining it.Decent Deal
Never run to Walmart when they say the order is ready. . Give it a day to truly be in the store. .nice picture
It works fine. Good picture and easy controls.sceptre tv
It is a good 32" TV for the price, the sound could be a little better but overall it is a good buy for $229 that included free shipping.Good TV
Great for the price, only downfall... lousy sound quality.Good Bargain
This is a good TV BUT you can see from the reviews you need the Walmart no hassle warranty. My TV is not even 8 months old and won't work. Now I have to deal with Sceptre directly and from what I hear that isn't going to be good.Get the Walmart Warrantee!
this is most definitely the smallest 32 inch TV ever I have owned 32 inch TVs and they were never this small be aware of that fact before buyingsmallest 32 inch TV ever
Good picture, not as good as more expensive models. Tinny sound, I put a good set of pc speakers on it to get better sound. Only one input for older composite video devices, have to switch cables between DVD and WII. Two HDMI inputs for newer devices (which cheep me doesn't have). A little better tuner than one I had before.Get what you pay for.
This TV is passable - not bad for the price but the sound isn't great. Worst part is the closed captioning ONLY works with TV or Video input. Not with HDMI or DVR - so no help when sound is less than crisp. Wish I'd known that before I unpacked it and hooked it up. Been too long now ...Passable
Bought for the kids. Easy setup, decent picture, ok sound.Ok as extra TV
The tv screen had a red line 7 inches from right side of screen and went from top to bottom.. Line wouuld not disappear... Returned set to store for refund, bought a store tv.Could not evaluate due to defect in screen on arri
This is an ok tv for the price. If I paid more I definatly would have taken it back. there are blurred lines that are bothersome to those who notice itThis is an ok tv for the price
Got a good price on the tv. Clearance item. Picture is great. Sound can get a little buzzy. Great price though.Fast shipping.
Works good and the picture looks very clear and brightness is perfect. It was a good price for a good picture.good for the price
good for the monedy.good for the money.
It suddenly died. No warning, noting. Was watching TV and thought I had sat on the remote. No, the TV just shut itself off. No picture, no sound, no little green/blue light. I tried disconnecting it from the cable and just plugging it in to see if that would help. No.

Yes, the TV was affordable and did the job. However, this TV will NOT last for years and years. Now, I have to buy a new one, but it won't be a Sceptre.After 2 Years...
I guess its OK, but picture and sound Quality are Pretty Low.. You are getting what u pay for. TV is hard to hear from across the bedroom and a bit distorted.. Save yourself, spend the Little Bit of Extra $$$ and get the Vizio..Low Price, Low Grade don't expect much!!!
I think this TV is a nice TV for the money and it has several options that are nice to have. I wish the new package deal wouldhave been available when I purchased my TV.It's a nice TV for the money
The set is very nice looking. Picture quality is good, but not what I
was hoping for. Sound quality is fair. For the price it isn't bad.Nice Set
I just returned it to the store. The picture quality was not that great and the sound is very poor. I would recommend only if you are on tight budget.so so
Make sure you have an HDMI cord, or your gaming console and your DVD player have to share plugs! You dont want to constantly be swapping cords. Oh! and one more thing THERE ARE NO TV CODES FOR THIS TV! I have looked high and low on every website to no avail! Some even said use the sony codes, but that didnt work either! I could not program it into my Direct TV remote...its not really that big of a deal though.I am pleased for the price
I bought this TV for my fiance and I for Christmas. I was super excited about the deal and the reviews were pretty good. It was delivered a few days before christmas, with everything looking perfect. We hooked it up to the DVD player and watched a movie. It was totally fine. I took it back to my house and took my old TV out. I hooked up the satellite receiver and began flipping through the channels. Now first off, I don't have HD channels. Without them, the picture is just ok.. Nothing special. The volume had to be turned up really high to even hear it. A few minutes into watching it, the screen FLIPPED OUT. Like the black and white fuzz in 2 stripes going all the way across the screen and making a horrible scratching sound. But only for about 2 seconds. Then it went completely back to normal. If it only did it once and then was fine, I would've kept the Tv. However, it would do this every couple of minutes; sometimes every couple of seconds. Extremely annoying. If it wouldn't do that, it would be a fair little Tv. But I cannot handle the screen tweaking out every other second. I couldn't find anything on other reviews about this problem so it's not like I could ask someone else how they fixed it. I returned the TV and got my money back.Meh.. It's ok, I guess.
Speaker was tinny, poor quality. If bass was turned up it would rattle. Twice is came up with snowy, non viewable picture and had to go thru power on reset to resolve.sound quality tinny-twice it came up with poor pic
Tried hooking up to my cable box, instructions say only about cable, nothing about if you have a cable box that is your tuner. You can option for air or cable but not a cable box that is also a tuner. Tried all combinations and no luck. Bought it for the price and the number of connection options it provide, but what should be a simle installation isnt.There is nothing in the instructions.Instruction manual poor
Nice looking, good features, good sound.......disappointed in the picture quality. I haven't tried to change the settings on the color yet, but the factory settings are set that the color of everything is very pale.Decent for the money
The tv was less than $200 for a 32 inch. The picture quality is not good but it's good enough for my children.Inexpensive and cheapa
I ordered my TV on Cyber Monday in 2012. It worked great for about 10 months and was very satisfied.
I was watching one night and it just shut off. We checked the outlets. It was the TV. I did call Sceptre and it was still under warranty... They have been a lil slow about getting it back for repair. I am waiting on a shipping box and label...so we shall see if it gets fixed properly. I would recommend this TV for the price and it worked great for 10 months...I just wish whoever buys one...it doesnt give you the same troubleworked great for 10 months
Picture quality is ok but requires a lot of adjustment. Viewing angle is limited and sound is very tinny. A separate speaker is required so the low price is not as great as it looks when you add the cost of separate speakers.Pay more for better quality
the sound system needs a 100% improvement, the remote control could use a better design , like the channels # on the bottom, the mute control on the middle, and a few more details that will improve the customer satisfaction with the productis ok as a 3rd tv for the game room
Wasn't expecting much its just to sit in the work out room to watch but the sound its TERRIBLE lol going to buy a small set of speakers to fix the issue.. but the picture is fine for the price its great, just add in the costs of speakers if you decide on this one.Decent
This is an update to an earlier review. Sceptre did send a postage paid return shipping label. They received the TV 7/12/2012 and had a brand new one back on it's way 7/13/2012. I received it 7/18/2012. I was without a TV a total of nine days. I like the TV and just hope this one lasts. Both my Toshibas were still working when I replaced them. Had them more than 20 years. Wished I'd kept one as a backup.Received Excellent Customer Service
So far this is a great TV, just be prepared because the holes do not line up when you are installing the base. We managed to get it installed, but it was not easy.Good TV Bad Install
Although we were very glad to find a 32" HDTV for around $200, the television is already defective. We turned it on this morning and 3/4 of the screen is blacked out. The remaining portions (1/8 on each side) are barely visible. The sound is fine, but the screen is obviously defective. We purchased it online and received it 4/4/2012. On 5/5/2012, it is defective. I am looking forward to seeing how I will be treated: 31 days old, 3 yr extended warranty.Inexpensive but already messed up in 3 weeks
Nice small room tv for the price. You do have to adjust the basic sound settings on it to get the real sound quality on this tv. The only knock on this tv for me was that I had to manually input the labels on the majority of the channels. That was a pain and was time consuming. Other than that the tv is ok.Decent TV for the Price
Picture quality is OK. Could be a little better. Overall , its a decent product for the pricesceptre 720p television
Everything was OK on this cheap set, except the sound which was so unbelievably bad that I actually bought a cheap pair of computer speakers to make the sound worth listening to.good value, good picture, sound unbelievably bad
After reading the reviews for this TV, decided to purchase for bedroom when price dropped to $209. Love the ship to store option. Brought the TV home, once installed, adjusted picture to the best of its ability by a professional but, not the best picture, even for the price and all the reviews offered. A bit disappointed but still hoping once I get the HD receiver installed, picture quality will improve. Overall, it's an OK TV for bedroom but, would not recommend for viewing in a family room where quality counts. Only way I would recommend this TV is for gaming or bedroom viewing only but be sure to install the HD receiver for a better quality picture...keeping my fingers crossed it will improve.OK TV for the price
The picture is too fuzzy. If you want it for watching videos & DVD, the picture is much better. I am sorry I bought it, but the recipient wanted it and is pleased with it.Don't buy for continous use
Bought 24", but unable to give review so write in this one. Can add speakers, but decided to return for better quality TV.Good for price, nice pic. Sound poor
My sound is going out. When you purchase a tv you do not want to have to purchase another in less than 2 months. I would no recommend to anyone. The reviews on sound is 100% true.July18 - august 25
Audio has some major issues. I think I may actually have to exchange the one that I got.Good value, that's all
In less than 3 months, the picture went out. THE WARRANTY SYSTEM IS TERRIBLE! First the company tried to tell me how to fix it myself. Then it took two weeks for them to honor their warranty by having me to mail back my TV without any consideration for your loss of use of their product. Apparently it'll take 2-3 weeks to fix the TV and they don't offer a loaner or anything during this time. Definately not what I'm use to with appliance companies.DON'T BUY THIS BRAND!
This TV is really lightweight, I was shocked. cheap price. It worked great until I put the stand on it, about 6 months later when we moved it to another room, then the picture is all screwed up and cannot be fixed. My advise is only buy this TV if you plan on mounting it to the wall ONLY.Not a great picture
I wasn't sure why this was such a good deal until it showed up at my house and I saw the permanent energy star sticker on the front of the TV after I removed it from the box. It took me about 30 minutes to get the energy star sticker off the front and it's still not even off all the way. What Walmart is doing is selling floor models from around the country. The remote/manual bag was already open as well.

Picture Quality: is terrible compared to other LCDs that i've owned. I tried hooking up my laptop to the RGB output and it gave me a headache the quality was so bad. About the only way to get decent quality to this TV is to run 720p+ to it. Even the directv guide looks pixelated :(You get what you pay for!
We bought this tv because it got decent reviews from others and seemed like a good value. We received this product promptly, set up was a breeze but when we turned the tv on it went to a start up screen and immediately went black. There was nothing my technology savey boyfriend and I could do to remedy the situation. Sceptre's customer service line has limited hours and when we did call during their business hours we got a voicemail. We also emailed in regards to this problem and got a fairly quick response (within 48 hours). The email said we could either fax them some paper work and whatnot or we could just return the tv to Walmart. We chose the easier of the two options and returned the tv to our local Walmart seamlessly. Because our Walmart does not carry this tv we would have had to order the tv online all over again. We ended up spending $50 more on a Sony and I feel much more confident with that purchase. It's hard for me to rate the tv as I was never able to actually use it. I didn't see any other reviews on the Walmart website about others having the same issue as i did so maybe it was just a fluke and we got the dud?Not too impressed but maybe we got a dud?
The transaction with walmart.com was excellent. However, there is a problem with the TV where the remote does not allow turn-off. It performs all other functions well, including turn-on, but when I try to turn it off, it does that for less than a second and then turns back on. I have been emailing with Sceptre back and forth numerous times with very unsatisfactory responses. They sent me a new remote which performed the same. I never did think that the problem was with the remote, but followed their instructions.

The end result is that they want the TV back to diagnose it. I had to pay someone to to mount it on the wall and connect it for me. Now they are asking me to dismount it, pack it exactly as they instruct and mail it back to them. I asked if it can be merely exchanged at my local Walmart, from where i picked it up, and they said no. This would cost me additional money to have someone dismount it and then remount a now repaired TV. At that point I will have paid more for the TV than if I had bought it at a retail store, not on sale, and significantly more trouble.

I am extremely upset with Scepter's policy on this and will not purchase another item from them.good tv but poor customer service from sceptre
I expected the picture to be HD quality since it is a HD Tv but when used as a monitor you could not read the print at normal text size was horrible for HD quality.Should have been FINE print. Returned to store.Purchased to be used as a Monitor
Broke in a week with having it, it wouldnt turn on.This TV stopped working, and broke a week after
I am not into technology so I don't look for a bunch of fancy stuff. This tv, however, doesn't even meet my simple expectations. The price was good but there is a reason it is cheap: The picture quality is poor; color is poor. The sound is Ok, not great, but OK.Poor picture
TV was clean looking, had a nice design, and excellent volume. Down side picture was so dark we could not make out anything even after changing settings to brightest and highest contrast.32" sceptre tv
bought this tv because of the price of course. great deal but after 3 months the first one gave out., just stopped working. it was still within the 90 days so was able to return to walmart and get a replacement. the second one gave out 9 months later. not worth the inconvenience if you ask me.You get what you pay for
This TV is ok, just that OK. The auto scan for channels will not allow individuals to input channels ( a big drawback) It does allow for the skipping of channels it finds. I knew which channels I wanted to add but could not if the auto scan did not find them first.for a first time tv or spare bedroom, a good value
We had to return this tv as the input jacks did not work and we couldn't connect our cable box and dvd player. We thought about exchanging it for a new one, but didn't want to take a chance and get another faulty unit.Would have been great if it had worked.
bought this tv online because same tv in store was priced at 350, was over joyed when i got the email saying it had arrived! went to get it, got back home set it up and hooked my ps3 to it through HDMI. after turning everything on and getting settled in to play some mw3, the tv started to turn on and off by its self! some times it would stay on for an hour, some times only minuets before it started doing it...i decided to call tech support on sat only to get a answering machine, called back sunday, same story, called again monday within the business hours only to get the same thing, called one last time and someone in india could only assist me to the extent of saying "oh, your tv should not do that, can you take it back?" i mean...like i didnt know my tv isnt supposto be doing that. i decided to test a few theories, one of them being the remote, i took the batteries out and it worked for about 2 days, then it started again, i unplugged it and replugged it in, same story, today i was on the verge of putting my fist through it due to the fact of i was in the middle of a round of mw3 and it started acting up. i went back to the old tube tv effective measures of a firm thwack on the side of it, i did so right near the power buttons on the tv and its been going since....

not sure if its a once in a every so many tvs produced kind of thing or if its all their tvs are defective, but at this price, why not try it, JUST KEEP YOUR RECEIPT!

over all good picture, sound is good (rattles if too loud, but their only 10w speakers) and its just a cool looking tvtv is so-so, tech support is straight up bunk
Very Poor SoundPoor sound
Speakers of this model are to the back of TV, poor audio. Definitely not the one for enclosed cabinetLow volume
Was great in beginning! But eventually started to lose picture quality. I have an analog antenna and it was fine for 5 months then started showing a red sheen on half my channels. When calling the company I was told I needed a new antenna and the problem would be fixed. I have bought 4 different kinds of antenna ranging from $15-$100. Nothing fixes the red sheen/shadow on certain channels. Very disappointed :(Now that I've had it 8 months...
tv went out not even two weeks of having it!, coming from a 19" inch box tv to a flat screen was a huge thrill for me. the picture isn't crispy clear, it's fair meaning you can see the pixel's, the sound it pretty good but thats my opinion, it all depends on the size of the room and your own personal hearing so can't really depend on other people comments and reviews. i bought one for myself and my mom, and brother got one as well because it was so cheap. i was watching a show one day and all of a sudden the tv just went out, like completely black and wouldnt come on so we took all the tvs back before the other two did the same and now we all got Vizio's .. i call this tv, cheap, cheap for the cheap, cheap.. cheap tv for a cheap brandCheap, Cheap for the Cheap, Cheap
I am not very big on this TV as far as the time it takes to turn on and if you pull up the guide it is blurry. Sound isn't very good it is muffled sounding. The picture quality isn't too bad but hard to get the colors right. It is either too dark or bright with a black and white look sometimes. For the price its ok but I would not recommend it.Not a bad TV on a budget
For the money it's actually a great TV. the only problem is that I have had it for about two weeks and now have to get a replacement of repair. the picture went out. I have sound to listen to but no picture to watch.two weeks and picture went out
I thought it was a good deal. But, now after only 1 week, the color is going from good to almost black and white. Called Wal Mart, but, they don't carry so I have to take it back to them and reorder another one. But, they are out of stock, so got to wait to get another one. i have 90 days so am hoping they get them back in stock or maybe i could get another brand from our wal mart for same price i paid for this one.color bad
This tv is making me crazy! I have owned it for a whopping week and wish I had my dinosaur back. This tv has TERRIBLE sound quality - the biggest problem is it picks up movie music super loud and voices quieter. So basically you either have to blast the volume or have your tv at a lower volume in a quiet room. Seriously consider investing a few more bucks for a phillips or something with a known decent rep.
The remote for this tv is as cheap as they come. I have remotes from the 90s built better than this. You have to be directly in front of the tv for it to work. You also have to firmly push the buttons. I can see it will wear out soon by the amount of pressure it takes to work the buttons. Not impressed at all. So if you buy this tv keep in mind you might need to invest in a remote.

Overall, I dont recommend this tv. Wish I would have shelled out an extra 20 or 30 for a better one.Poor sound and you better buy a nicer remote
Well, I took this tv back and paid a little extra for a Sony. I was leery to make this purchase, and rightfully so. The picture quality is not so great, nor is the sound. I will say I don't need or want the best because I was using in my bedroom, but I couldn't enjoy any programs because of the bad color and sound. I even fooled with the settings and never could get it right. I would spend a little extra and buy better quality.32" Sceptre LCD TV
Had to return as sound turned up all the way and still could not hear it. By the way our hearing is above avgNot to good
Ordered 2 of the same , one WAS cancelet due to demage in transit, the other has a remote internal problem , I got a new remote from the FACTORY(VERY HELPFUL) BUT STILL HAVE THE SAME PROBLEM AND HAD TO RETURN THE 2ND UNIT FOR A REFUND TO THE STORE. I PURCHSED A EXTENDED WARRANTY FOR BUT I'M STILL WAITING TO GET AMOUNT BACK . EXCELLENT PICTURE, POOR FUNCTIONS, WOULD NOT RECOMMEND FOR PURCHASE.WOULD NOT PURCHASE
The picture stopped working with in three months, but Walmart did resolve the issue and refunded the purchase.Picture stopped working within three months!
For being $179, it was a solid deal. However after just 11 days it would not turn on at all. It was great for the 11 dayd I had it though....Great Product....Until It Died.
i ordered the tv got it 2 days later hooked it up great picture no sound at all checked all my wires they were good so i took it back they refunded me i came home ordered the same one got it 2 days later hooked it up same problem the tv is horrible i took it back and ordered different brand and it works perfect stay away form this oneDO NOT BUY
I purchased this in JUNE of 2012 and here it is AUGUST of 2012 & the screen is black. It worked fine but I started hearing this noise when I cut it on and it takes forever to load up. Now it only plays the sound and I see NO SCREEN. I will be returning this back to wal-mart in hopes of finding a BETTER TV.Do NOT BUY!
I havent had this product for a full year...less than 6 months... and the screen went totally black... only can see out the side of the corners! Fustrated!!!Poor product
My brother Bought a 32" Sceptre LCD TV 18 months ago.
At first he was very pleased with the value for the money. He Got it on sale for $198

Now, Two months ago it started shutting itself off.
It Works for 5 minutes, then once it gets warmed up it shuts itself off and
won't start again until after it has cooled down.
It Costs too much to repair a cheap TV, so off to the landfill with it and searching for a replacement.
My advice:
Buy at your own risk...or better yet...
Spend a few more bucks on a different brand.
I bought a RCA 42" on sale at Wal-mart 4 years ago for $598 and it's still working just fine.TV quit working after 16 months
I set up this TV and while it worked it did have a nice picture and sound. However, after one week it shut down adn would not turn back on. It was a hassle to reak it down and return it to Walmart. Decided to spend a little more andget a good quality TV.Broke a week after purchase
What a piece of junk....bought it in feb of 2012...had a month, picture went out....sent back..took 6 weeks to get repaired....now 1 yr later, picture out again.....DONT WASTE YOURMONEY!!!!!!Junk
Bought 04/13/2012 and lasted till 08/24/2012. Sound OK, but NO picture (blank screen). Since my 90 day "no questions asked" by Wal-Mart period had passed, I could not get a refund or product exchange from Wal-Mart. Believe me, it is no easy thing to return a Sceptre product for repair. No simple phone call to a customer service center. You have to request a RMA (via fax) tough if you do not have access to a fax machine. Then you (the customer) are responsible for the shipping charges to California (I live in N.C.) because they repair at their home base. I have bought my last Sceptre product. I fell for the cheap price, but wish I had bought a more reputable companies product for a little more money. Live and learn.No easy return on warranty work
I bought this TV in April 2012. About 3 months later, the picture disappeared completely, i.e. the screen was black. It didn't even show the Sceptre logo at the start-up. I had to ship the TV in for repairs. Now, about 1 year and 5 months later, the same issue occurred. Additionally, we didn't even use this TV on a daily basis to say that it was "overused" - I would certainly consider it a very light use compare to other TVs in our house. I will NOT buy any Sceptre TVs in the future...NOT a Good Buy
While the TV had a great picture, it kept turning itself off. There is a power saving feature that causes this to happen if a signal is not detected after 5 minutes. I was, however, playing a DVD and it still kept turning itself off - very frustrating. After spending some phone time with technical support, the issue could not be resolved. I had to return the TV the day after I purchased it. Very disappointing.Had to return
2nd one we have tried!!! 1st one was a 1080p and had white dots all over screen. This one had pink dots all over screen. Done with brand!! Spend a little extra and maybe hassels will go away.Pink dots on screen
I bought this tv because of the value, but it didn't work well
from the start. We could never get the remote control to
work....tried calling the company's customer service and
No Answer!! I returned it to Walmart and was promptly
given a refund. This is why we only buy electronics from
Walmart....just keep the box and receipt for 90 days.
We purchased a Vizio 32" with the refund and $60 extra.
So far the Vizio is working well.Don't buy this tv
Bougth it picked it up at store next day a red line coverd a portion of. The 32inch screen
This was number 2 tv selpture sent both back Would not recommend this to anybodyDon't Buy
Picture was BROKEN, unwatchableBad!!!
TV quit working less than a week. I have not yet called the help desk. Hope they can take care of the problem. I can not rebox it and send it back to them like their warranty calls for.TV quit working less than a week.
The ordering and in store pick up was great as always.
But We have to return the TV, the sound is all fuzzy. when I moved the balance to the left speaker it isolated the problem to that speaker. I have to contact customer service to find out what to do to return it.Good picture, left speaker is blown out
I say this because after setting up the TV & turning it on, the cracked screen was so bad I could not see the picture at all on the right side of the screen. Don't know if this was FedX or Wal Mart, but when I returned the set for a credit I was NOT, by Wal Mart policy, REFUNDED the shipping charges, although I don't know what I would have done with the set, so I did buy a cheaper only because the store did not have the same set, not less cost, but cheaper made set while I was at the store, because it was for the bedroom. Will not buy an appliance on line again, no matter how fabulous the priceDO NOT BUY ONLINE
I wasn't too sure of this purchase because I haven't really heard of the brand name but I've NEVER BEEN MORE HAPPY!!I LOVE MY TV!!
The tv never worked. I had if for almost two weeks. Their customer service could not be reached by phone or online chat.. I got a couple of no help e-mails. I would not want this tv under any circumstances.. I returned it and bough another brand.It never worked
TV did not work when I plugged it in. Had to return to local Walmart storeIrritated
I ordered this T.V. brand new not refurbished! But when I opened it my remote and instruction manuals were in a sandwich zip lock bag! And the film screen cover on the T.V. was already ripped off! The only thing good about it was I got a higher resolution because I ordered a 780p and this one was a 1080p.Walmart gave me a used product! !!
Picture quality was dark, not even within 24 hrs of setting tv up screen went out with sound only.Didn't even work for 24 hrs
works good with dish tv but cant hear unless volume is up as high as it will gofinally tv
This was delivered to my front door and I set it up and thought, "Wow! What a buy!" Picture was great - sound was so-so but for the money, still very impressive." I genuinely considered going online and ordering another for the bedroom. TV arrived Tuesday evening and I had fallen asleep on the couch Wednesday night while watching it. Thursday a.m. TV was off and would not power on again. Checked connections, etc., nada. Am taking it back to the store today and won't be buying this brand again.GREAT TV for two days, then would not power on.
We purchased this TV to replace an unknown name brand unit (Element) that died after a little over 5 years of constant use. After just a couple of weeks this unit started muting & unmuting on it's own. It was also turning off while we were watching it, and no where near the remote. I believe you get what you pay for in this unit. I suggest spending another $50-$75 and get something that has better sound, better picture, and does not self operate. Walmart was great and took the unit back & gave us full credit from the purchase, including the extended warranty (only because they change their return policy during the holidays). If you buy this unit you are taking a chance. I guess it is possible that we got a lemon out of the bunch, but I would not take the same chance again with my money.I would not recommend this TV to anyone!
do yourself a favor and spend a little extra and buy a good tv. the sound stopped working a week after I bought tv. if you power it off and back on it works for a while.volume stopped working after a week
This was 4th flat sceen bought from WM in less than 2 years (Sanyo, RCA, Emerson, and this one). By falr t he poorest in all respects! Returned w/in 3 days and once again experienced
WM's excellent return policy!JUNK!
The worst t.v. ever. We bought 2 of these for our children Christmas of 2012 and by March the sounds went out of both t.v.'s and one of the t.v. stands they came with caused one of them to fall and bust the screen. I would not recommend this t.v. to anyone. The disappointment on my teenagers faces says it all. Now I guess I'll have to wait and buy 2 more t.v.'s. When you save money for something like this and they tare up it's heart breaking. Just watch what you buy.Not a good product
have had tv for 13 months in bedroom so it was only used for about an hour a day and the picture has stopped working but the sound works. its a cheap tv so I should have known it would crash prematurely. Spend extra money and get a good quality tv. I have a visio in the family room and its always on, it is 3 yrs. old and still works like the day I bought it. I seriously would look at other brands who people have rated high marks with.was a good tv while it worked
I bought 3 of these tvs at the same time for my kids bedrooms. Seemed like a good deal at the time. Within the first year one of the screens went black, but still had sound. Sent it in and had it fixed as it was still under warranty. I am now a year and 3 months out now and the other two have done the same thing. I would not recommend this to anybody. $200 for a years worth of viewing is a little on the expensive side.Horrible
remote control did not work. i tried for three days to call the number with no answer. left a voicemail and sent an email. two days after the email, i received an email back and a new remote was sent. the second remote did not work either. i am returning the television and will purchase another brand.poor technical support
I purchased this television on the first week in May 2014 and the video Board did not work, hence the picture was not clear at all.

I do not know if the TV get damage in shipment as FeDEX was the carrier used by Walmart to ship the item, but I am aware of a story carried by the media that showed FeDex employees throwing items, including electronics, to another employee and the electronic or whatever it is would get damage in most cases.

I always purchase all my electronics from Brandsmart and the employees would take the TV out of the box connect it to local cable so you can see that it works before giving it to you and I will continue to purchase my TV's from Brandsmart and never Walmart.com again unless they can guarantee me that they would check the items themselves at the Site-to- Store before giving it to the person present to collect the item.

It is disappointing to receive a piece of electronic, ship it to the Caribbean only to find out it is not working, after you have paid someone to collect the TV, deliver it to the shipping company, pay freight and duties and that is sad.

Walmart please get it right and check your products, especially electronic, before you give it to persons who order online and use your site -to store service. I am a very disappointed customer and I will never purchase any electronics from Walmart instore or online unless they institute a similar policy as Brandsmart by checking all electronics before giving them to the customer.Worst Television I have ever purchase
Not a good TV, but received excellent customer service! Ordered this TV online and when it was delivered to my home it did not work. We were told to take to store for exchange. Store did not have this particular TV, but gave us an exchange of another brand. Thank you Walmart!Did not work when we received it.
Sound went out within a week, now I have to use gas to take it back...Sound
Bought two of these for my kids for Christmas. Had them in the closet for two months. Hung them on their walls for Christmas and both worked great. 3 1/2 months later, one still works great and the other has no picture whatsoever. The 90 days that I had to return have passed so have to buy another TV. Never, ever, had a TV that went out that fast. Read online that this is a common problem with this set.Broke after 3 months
I was very happy with 32" TV for $178 at the beginig. Picture was fine, sound was hoorroble. But, what you can expect for this price. Then, after couple of hours piocture became very blue/green whithout any red colors. It looks like red signal is dead and insead of RGB, I have only GB ...
I will return it back to wallmart today.Worked only 2 hours, then red color dissapeared
I purchased this TV for my PS3 and had for only 2 months when it stopped working. There was no picture but audio was working, good thing was i got full refund back from walmart.Make your own decision.
While the features may have been more than I was expecting for a tv that cost so little, the screen didn't give me a chance to enjoy any of them. No warning, it just burned out within 15 minutes of getting it out of the box. Not worth the money at all.Lasted 15 minutes before the screen burned out
I bought this TV as a Christmas gift for my son. Set it up, turned it on and the picture was awful. Tried many different solutions suggested in troubleshooting guide but to no avail. The picture looked as if you were looking at a negative photograph. I read all the positive reviews before purchasing this TV and thought I was getting a good product! NOT! I returned it to Walmart and purchased a VIZIO.Don't Buy!
I purchased a septre tv and one year later the television kept shutting off. I returned it and they "fixed" it. Less than another year later, the same problem occurred, even to the point of it not turning on. I sent in an E request and they told me that they would fix it at my expense and if I paid the cost of shipping! The TV is not worth the problems it creates and has.don't waste your money
I was looking foward to this TV, after reading some of the great reviews it received. There were a few negative reviews but I was sold. What a dissapointment. The picture quality was terrible. I tried everything, including trying it in every room. Forget about their customer support; its non responsive. I was in a chat room with a tech who only asked me what the sn # was and I never heard from him again, waited for a half hour. I should have known when I picked up the TV from the store that the box looked like it was returned before. Good news is that Walmaart took it back, with no questions asked. I may be just one in a few.Really Dissapointed
The set is over-engineered. They want connections from the DirecTV box and my DVD player that I don't have. The set is coming back in a day or two.Over-engineered
Bought this as a gift, it worked great for two days than the screen went black I had to return it. Got a different brand.Returned
The screen wouldn't focus right. Its stay fuzzy. Someone said it was the LED and to buy the tv with LCD.Great for someone who cant see good.
The item arrived broken out of the box. The TV displays only a blue screen - no picture or sound. Contacted Mfg company. Sent back to Mfg by way of RMA, still waiting for the TV to be returned fixed.The item arrived broken, RMA returned to Mfg
My Scepture tv has sound but no picture after less than 1 year. Also purchased exact tv for a relative as a gift & within 90 days, tv started smoking and had to return to Wal-Mart for a refund. DO NOT BUY SCEPTRE!!! It's not worth the money!STOP!!! DO NOT BUY!!!!!
Won't go passed set up screen. Called customer service and low and behold all you get is an answering machine to leave a message. Called for 2 weeks and no return calls. Walmart should not deal with this company. Returning the TV today to Walmart. Hopefully wont have issues with that partHorrible
I ordered this TV based on the reviews from this website. I received it yesterday and returned today. I have cable and channels were so blurry that you could not make them out hardly. Some channels didn't even come in and on my other HDTV were flawless. The sound was horrible "tunnel sound" and no settings change would fix it. The picture was decent hooked up to a PS3 but for a normal TV I would not recommend at all. Spend a little extra and get a Vizio, Sony, or Samsung.Waste of Money
Right out of the box TV did not work - just got a blank blue screen. Even remote and buttons on console didn't work. Based on other people having same experience would definitely not buy any more of this company's products.TV didn't work
I took my old heavy TV out of the armoir. Got everything ready to install the Sceptre. Took the TV out of the box. And that was it! There was no power cord, remote or instructions in the box. I took it back and did not order another one. The box was factory sealed so I thought if that is how they let things leave the factory I can't count on the quality. Ordered a Craig instead which I am very happy with.Never even got to use it
Dead on arrival!Doa
I bought this TV on Cyber Monday 2012, almost exactly one year later the TV will not work!! It wont even power on. It would cost more to repair it than it is worth. It didn't even last a year!!! Save your money and buy a better TV.BEWARE!
Bought tv in 01/2012 and began using it in 06/2012. No sound 08/21/2012. Tech support ???
Save your money.No Sound!!!
I owned Sceptre 32" for about a year and a half now. I bought this to put in the kids room and I hung it up on their wall. One day it started making crackling noises and then the picture went out. Cheap but doesn't last long. I still have a 32" Sylvaina that I've had for about 5 years now and I paid around $300 for it. I would say spend a little bit more money and go with a better brand if you want a TV that lasts because Sceptre just doesn't last.TV Won't last
DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT. I bought this TV on sale with high hopes and was disappointed. The TV worked fine for a couple of months before it started making a buzzing sound. After 5 months of getting used maybe 2-3 hours a day the TV died. No picture, no sound, nothing. I started doing a little more research and found that I am not the only one to have this problem. It's too late to return or exchange the product and getting it fixed will cost more than the TV is worth. When I buy my replacement for this one, I will be spending a little more money for quality becaues in the end this "deal" wasn't worth it.DO NOT BUY
i receive my tv with 2 glowing pixel lights on the screen. i have 3 year warranty and i would like a new TVscreen problem
Picture was great but volume kept going completely off only after having it on for a few minutes. Same thing after several attempts, even reordered this same TV again thinking first one was just a lemon but the 2nd TV did the same thing!! Im changing brands !!!Volume had a mind of its own!
Had a read a little further I would have seen the reviews talking about this tv and how it doesn't work for long. I had the tv for about 6 months and now when you turn it on no picture..just sound...you get what you pay for.I should have read further
Purchased this item March 8 of last year, last night it stopped working. Exactly one year and one day after purchase, as if it had a timer in it. I guess if you by cheap you get cheap.TV stopped functioning
Mine quit about 3 months after the warranty ended. Not even Sceptre knew where to get the parts. In the end it cosy $170.00 to fix. DON'T BUY A SCEPTER!!!!!DON'T BUY!!!
I've actually never purchased such a cheap TV I thought now a days they were generally comparable. I'll start off with I've already bought a new universal remote because the one that came with the TV is so cheap its sad, you have to press the buttons so hard to make them work and half the time it takes a few tries. The TV itself has poor clarity and this shouldnt bother me but it does, the channels have an A## next the display. Why would that be there...its weird. It is a TV for the master bedroom so i will not be returning it as of right now but that could change.Bad Black Friday Purchase
Television did not workDid not work
WORKED FOR A WEEK AND A HALF, SHOULD HAVE BOUGHT A BETTER QUALITY TV.CHEAP TV
buy another brand of TV!TV STOPPED WORKING AFTER 5 DAYS.
The tv went out three days after putting it inHorrible TV
I have had this T.V. for 2 years and it has been in for repair twice. If you purchase this item get the extended warranty plan.average tv. poor performance
I've had this tv for a year and half and it died no goodspector
This TV sounds terrible. When music is playing, I can hardly hear the voices. When I press the up or down volume button, I can take it from 10-50 and the sound barely changes. Sometimes the picture is not clear. The old box TV I had to get rid of because it didn't work is way better than this TV. I would love to have my old TV back. I am going to have to return this one.Bad
I've had this set for less than two years and the picture has become all wonky and essentially unwatchable.didn't even last 2 years
THIS ITEM DID NOT WORK!!! NO LED PICTURE!! AWAITING SHIPPING INSTRUCTIONS FOR RETURN. WILL NOT BUY THIS BRAND AGAINNot Good!
The screen flickered and then the tv just didn't turn back on .Flickering mania
No picture, no sound. You can turn the TV on but nothing happens except the power led light is lit. You can't even turn it off without unplugging it. So I've found out that the Power Supply Board needs to be replaced - $80 for the part, $80 for someone to do it.. Ummm, that's what the TV cost me. What a terrible waste. Now what do I do with this 32" TV that doesn't work???Lasted 12 months
I ordered this tv from walmart.com & had it shipped to my local walmart store. First of all it was at the store days before it was promised. I went to the store to pick it up & they did not give me a problem for not having my paperwork. They just asked me for my id & pulled up my order. The associate retrieved my tv in minutes & I was on my way out of the store. The tv was very light & I got it home & installed in minutes. Everything on this tv is great; it even moves from side to side. I plan on buying a bigger tv & it will be from the same company!!!!Great TV at a Great Price!!!!
I don't hate anything,but...I really really don't like widescreen videos. The widescreen on this tv was listed way down under ratio- in description details. I unwrapped it like a nine year old on his birthday and the torn packaging, the twenty people ahead of me in line ( i took a book), and the fact that I never return anything had me anxious. It took twenty five total minutes- the staff was talkative to everyone and two days later I bought the right TV. My first big purchase at Walmart.com taught me to be a bit more careful before my purchase - but don't be afraid- the efficient folks at customer service make up for my shortcomings.Learned how easy return policy actually is!
I got tired of people making my tiny TV, so I started looking for another one. This is a big TV for a great price, so I bought it! Now people don't make fun of me anymore!Great Value!!!
The picture quality was great for this size tv and the audio is a bit funky sometimes but not too bad.Didn't expect this good of quality tv
I really like this tv. My kids really enjoy watch tv .Good Product
Like itTv
A very Good Tv And Easy To Use And Set upThis is a very good tv FOR The Money
When I first got this tv, the picture was not the best! However, my son came over and changed the default settings and now the picture is better. Sometimes it is a little slow coming on, but for the price, I can't complain too much. I would purchase it again.good value for the money
only thing is I think I was sold a returned tv from best buy. there was a receipt in the box for that tv with a warranty from best buy. I brought the item from walmart store.Good
Had to go deep into picture set up to get the optimum picture, but once set-up looks great. At $169 is a great value and ideal for bedroom.Greta value and easy setup
I recieved this TV as a Christmas present from my dad this year and I loved it. Picture was amazing and I enjoyed having a TV that actually had a remote. Everything was good until last night when the TV just quit working on me after being on for 30 mins. I'm hoping that Wal-Mart will let me exchange it with no problems.Seriously?!?!?
I bought this because of the reviews. I installed it before I checked out the picture and sound...DO NOT DO THIS!!!! The picture, no matter how much adjusting I did, was awful!!! I was so bad I wondered if it was my eye sight....2 others confirmed that it was a bad picture. Also the volume button would not work on the remote...had to use the cable remote, which the code is 500 from the Sony list if you need it. I took it back today. If you do chance buying this I would highly suggest the extended warranty.Maybe I got a lemon...
Nice tv except if you suddenly have problems and then try to reach somebody from the company. They never answer their phone and they ask you to leave a message and never call back !!!!!!!!!CUSTOMER SERVICE IS HORRIBLE
Spend a little more money and get a better tv.was broken when I got the tv
I read all the other reviews and I bought this t.v. I am unhappy with this t.v. and I am taking it back. Very bad picture unless you like to watch an old t.v. that is what it reminds me of. DON"T BUY!!!!!!DON"T BUY IT!!
The picture is nice, but the sound quality is poor; Also my old T.V. (very old) had many more inputs that this one allows, so it is difficult to hook up multiple things.The sound doesn't work well lacking inputs
I hope I don't have to take it off the wall and box it up. What a pain!TV is fine Remote doesn't work
Sound goes in and out, picture not vivid, and blurry.picture not vivid
I was going to contact Walmart, but didn't know how to do it. I had bragged to my friends what a great deal I got from Walmart. About 18 of us were going to watch a video in my new HDTV. Two of us opened the box and pulled the TV out, but saw a strange "spider web" pattern in the left corner of the screen. When plugged in no picture-just color lines. There was a small tear in the box that lines up with what appears to be an impact on the screen. This was a Walmart.com order, so what do I do?Broken screen found on opening box
I got this tv a week and 2 days ago, everything worked fine until today. I was watching tv and turned it off came back 10 minutes later and now I cant get the sound to work. I called Spectre customer service, they told me if I paid them $50 and shipped it back they would see if they could fix it. I dont wanna pay more I already wasted $200+ on this tv for it to be junk after one week. I cant return it to walmart because my friends dog chewed up the box I had on my patio, so now im stuck with a piece of junk!!!!!!!!!Audio went out after 1 week!
I bought 2 of these tvs online and had it shipped to the store. No problems there. Picked it up on 12/11/12 for Christmas gifts for my son's room and one for me & my husband's room. Opened them Christmas morning and put them up and everything was fine. Then on 12/30/12 (5 days of use) my tv went out. No power at all. Brought it back and spent a little more for a Visio. Then on 1/14/13, my son's tv went out. Same issue with mine. That was a total of 20 days of use. Brought that one back and spent a little more and got another Visio. At first I thought I had one lemon but 2 out of 2 quit working within less than a month.Do NOT Buy
This tv literally worked for 5 minutes, shut off and would not come back on. Picture was good while it lasted.junk
I've had this TV for three days now and the poor picture quality is dring me crazy. I am probably going to return it later this week.Poor Picture
I ordered my product online. When I first received the box, it looked like a use box even though it was suppose to be brand new. After carefully setting it up, it wouldn't turn on. I had to put everything back and return it back at a local walmart. Never again order tv from walmart. But maybe it's just my luck.the tv doesn't work
Ordered online through Walmart.com and the TV was broken with a cracked screen.Broken TV
I wish I had payed a little more and gone with a better brand-Just stopped working after 8 months. I feel it is going to be a struggle not worth it returning or fixing it judging from the other reviewers whose tv broke. Do not buy you will regret it....Broke in 10 months
Brand new, straight out of the box, less than 2 hours after picking up at Walmart, would not power up. Contacted customer service they suggested power cord wasn't hooked up. It was! Red indicator light would not come on at all. They said they could send new power cord. I took the tv back less than 24 hours after I picked it up.

Save yourself hassle. Buy brand name.too bad there isn't a "ZERO" star rating
I bought the TV because of the price.
It had a factory defect - rainbow colored lines running throught the screen.
The sound!!!
Nasty sound, very "tinny"
Spend the extra money for a name brand TV"Cheap" in cost and quality
I was completely disappointed with this TV. I bought it as a Christmas present and it died after Valentine's day. Even with buying the warranty I still do not have the TV repaired and it is now August. The staff at Sceptre are rude and uncooperative. Save your time and energy buy another brand of TV.Would not recommend horrible product and company
Bought April 19, 2012 for $199.98, died May 26, 2014. Used sparingly during its brief life.

Screen went black and no sound. It still turns on (light goes to blue from red) but nothing works.Price is right but not durable.
This tv broke within a week of using it. I am very disappointed. I had the inconvenience of having to return it to a store. Now I am without a tv!!!!This tv broke within a week of using it.
bought 32" lasted for less than 90 day, got exchange for same tv thinking ok some problem.... less than a year later black screen only sound, got 2 year plan and the better fix it.worst tv ever
The TV is great price but if it would work that would be better. We found that when it got cold it would cut off n we use a hair dryer to warm it back up. It will stay on until it gets cold again and without any warning it just cuts off.... BIG THUMBS DOWN !! DO NOT BUYBought for the bedroom
I bought this tv for the guest room. It was used for a few days while guest was visiting. I never actually used it myself until about one year after I puchased it. When I turned it on it went on then off over and over again non-stop! I called the factory but the warranty had run out two weeks past. So no help there. They said it would need to be served. I should have used it after I purchased it and not assumed it was ok---I will never do that again. I'll buy another brand next time for sure. Handsome on the wall is the only good thing I can say about this tv.Sceptre 32" LCD TV X322BV-HD
had this tv for a short time and the cable thing broke off it in no time the sound was real low it would turn the volume up and down by itself and it looks way smaller then a 32 inchwould not buy
Purchased this TV as a Christmas gift for my teenage son. Picture was crisp & clear. Sound good for the price.

One day he was watching it and a green streak appeared on the screen, then a screen full and within seconds, the screen went black. NOTHING! It was not used on a daily basis and shot in less than 3 months.

Purchased the extended warranty through Wal-Mart however it should still be covered under the Manufacture. We'll see how there customer service is in getting a replacement. Not impressed with the quality, so we'll see if the service helps make up for it.Didn't even make it 3 months!
Regrettably I must give this TV a 1. It actually has nothing to do with the product itself but with the way it was shipped. It arrived at my door two days after ordering. OUTSTANDING speed. However the screen was smashed/cracked. As a result I had to return it to the local store. The reason for the 1 is for the fact that they made no attempt to protect the TV from damage. They simply slapped a shipping label on the product package itself and shipped it with no additional packaging protection. So sad. I'm sure the TV is fine if it doesn't arrive with a shattered screen. First and last TV ordered online. I'll just go to the store next time.This is a reluctant review
People's faces look like cartoon characters. Shadows on faces and everything. Returning this tomorrow.Horible picture quality with air antenna!
i had this tv for only 3 months and it stop working. i will not buy this brand ever again,WILL NOT BUY THIS BRAND EVER AGAIN
I may have liked this tv, if it had actually worked. I unpacked it, put it together, and turned the tv on. Nothing. It turned on, but that was it, just a blank gray screen. Tried in another room, thinking maybe there was a short in the outlet, nope. TV was not functioning.

When I returned it to the store, the sales associate said that it was the second tv brought in that week (from a site-to-store order) where the tv was broken. I really hate to be that girl that leaves a negative review, but seriously, I was very upset when my tv didn't work! Bought another one at another store, worked just fine.DID NOT WORK - dead on arrival
the picture goes out. It started about 4 weeks after purchase. I had to wait awhile to get a picture. 20 minutes at first then longer until no picture after two months. Can't even get a menu. the "Specter logo" is cut off with black bars. Cannot get customer service with phone number provided. I want my money back! Now. my first flat screen tv. Such a disappointment.beware. do not waste your money
TV DID NOT WORK, RETURNED AND STILL WAITING ON REPLACEMENT TO ARRIVE SHIP TO STORE.I PAID $80 MORE THIS TIME AND BOUGHT AN RCA. SO PARENTS CHRISTMAS PRESENT FROM ME STILL ON HOLD.DID NOT WORK
We open this package hook it right up, only to be disappointed it didnt work at all. We went thru this several times, call for troubleshooting to only know this was just a bad lemon. We took it back and got our money back.??
Many complaints: Main one is the volume. The speaker is around the back of the TV and the volume does not go up very loud, even on its highest setting.
If you have Direct TV, you cannot use the Direct TV remote to adjust sound. We even called Direct TV to get help with it, and bottom line is that it does not work on that remote. You have to use the Spectre remote.
Next complaint is that I supposedly have an LED TV, and maybe it is because it is 720p instead of the usualy 1080p that I buy, but the picture quality is not sharp at all.
I suggest that you buy a brand name TV instead of this brand. I went with it because Sceptre makes computer monitors, so I figured they would have good TV's. My family warned me, but I went with price instead of proven reputation, and I am sorry that I did.buy another brand
Would not turn on half the time. Would not change source. Took back for refund.Don't buy this tv
I was excited when I received the email that my tv had arrived at Walmart to pick up but had to wait until the next day to pick it up because of all the snow and the fact I have an hour drive from where I live in Amish country and the roads are not a priority for the state to clear. I get it unpacked and assemble the stand, have to have the hubby and son move our old heavy crt tv and it comes on and shows the brand name SCEPTRE and then the screen goes blank, I spent 2 days trying different connection types and had a neighbor, my husband and very electronic savvy son all double check my connections because they were convinced I hooked it up wrong since the brand name showed once powered on they assumed the screen operated plus we had sound. I called the tech support once all avenues were exhausted and when I told him all we'd tried he told me it sounds like the video card is bad and it needs returned. Now it's all unassembled and packed up but I have to wait for the roads to clear again since it's snowed a couple more days while figuring this out and I'm not sure if it will be worth my time to exchange and then have to make the trip to pick up another or just find another tv while I'm in town. I was hoping to be able to upgrade to a HDTV and not pay top dollar since we have a limited income as I am disabled following a car accident several yrs ago on my way to work. I would recommend taking the time to open the box at the store even though it's inconvenient and checking to be sure the menu screen comes up when you press the button on the side then at least you'll know the screen is working beyond the power up that displays the logo.picture doesn't work
The saying, "if it looks too good to be true, it probably is" certainly rings true here. I was thrilled to have the 32" set at such a fantastic price - for 15 days - then, no picture. Can't describe how very, very disappointed I am. 15 days to a non-functioning television is NOT a good deal.Buyer Beware!
I returned this product.Sound
IT WAS DELIVERED ON TIME, SET UP WAS EASY. GREAT DEALGREAT PRICE
tv was broken. Screen broken. got my money backBroken at arrival at store
broken out of the box.it was broken
The picture is horable and gives me a headach after only a few minuts. My seven year old tv has a lot better piecture, im going to hook it back up and return this piece of trash.Im going to return it
This TV was bought on black Friday online and delivered a week later. I am 20 days out of the 90 day return window and it QUIT! Walmart will not take it back. Sceptre Company won't help me. I am out $190. DO NOT RISK IT!!!!!It quit in 112 days YOU cant take it back.
The screen was chipped when I opened it.Chipped screen.
I am not satisfied with these reviews saying the brand only last for about 6 months or so then get problems. I purchased mine and everything seems fine but I am returning for I can not trust this brand it is an off-brand, which scares me. I am going to purchase a 32" Samsung which is something to put trust into.Reviews are mixed
i till u the truth'' i buy most of my stiff from walmart for specific risen''one off them is the value=price.. well!! hears my story_ i bought my TV at a refurbished price'' witch it was OK for 32# TV & i add a warranty to it' for $28 for three years .but hears the problem it kept shutting off on me every hoer or so.... i... end UB buying a Sony' i.. add some moor money &bought me a new TV.. some time!! its the only way to go. don't forget that i had to exchange the unite about three times and it kept dong the same thing.for me> that was my lessen{ never buy refurbished,}.learn a good lessen
Not at all what I expected.It's hard to get the sound correct sounds like the speakers may be messed up but I have to live with it I do't have transportation or money to send stuff back so I do with what I have and try to manage and teach my children the same :(
:)Sincerely,
TammyNOT WHAT I EXPECTED
I bought this TV for my livingroom. It is way too small, and the sound quality is that of a computer, you can hardly hear it from across the room. I will be returning this TV.Might be good for a dorm room
I purchased this tv because of the great price. I read a ton of reviews before buying it and noticed that a lot of people were not satisfied with the sound quality and some were disappointed in the picture quality. I guess for the price you cant ask for everything, but I am truly dissaitisfied with the quality, sound and picture of this tv. I have had it for a week and I am going to take it back and try a different name brand. This tv would be ok for a kids room or a room where you are not expecting a great tv experience. I would not recommend this product at all!Maybe for a kids room
JUNK! had it 60 days and the screen went out, when it did work the picture and sound quality were both terrible. I should have spent a few extra bucks on a better brand. Hopefully the manufacturer will repair it quickly, we will see.It's cheap for a reason!
Great picture..great price for 32" $180 total with taxes.. Volume could be better.. Decided to by extra speakers for better sound. But for the price of the TV it was worth it!! Using in bedroom and fits perfectly..brought because of good reviews..have only had for a week, but satisfied so far.Good picture and price.. sound quality could be be
I cannot get it yet to work. Am plugging it in to where the previous television worked fine, but of yet cannot get channels to show picturescannot get it to work yet , grrrrrrrr!
THE TV WAS USED VERY LITTLE AND AFTER THE WARRANTY RAN OUT, TRIED TO TURN IT ON AND A BRIGHT LIGHT FROM THE BACK OF THE SET, AND BURNED SMELL AND NOTHING!! BEWARE, THEY SEEM TO BE JUNK!!SEEMED LIKE NICE VALUE
I was hesitant about purchasing an off brand, no name brand. Times being tough I went with price over familiarity and have not regretted it at all. The TV was easy to setup and amazed me with the great picture right out of the box. I can only use superlatives in my descriptions when friends ask about it. I do recommend the Spectre X322BV HD.Great value!
Received this TV for Christmas. Lasted less than 6 months when picture went bad. They want you to pack it up and ship it to them along with $110 to pay for labor. Not worth the hassle! Will never purchase another Emerson product.Don't buy this TV
it say 32 inch but, the resolution for it just the same as 16 inch monitor. take ur money and buy a monitor, and if u want sound buy a cheap speaker. it worth more than thisBuying a monitor is better than this
excellent purchaseBetter then expected
it was goodsceptre
I bought this at a price that I am certain others may have paid maybe up to 4 times more for. I saw it while it was on Sale. I couldn't resisit. I couldn't say no. I have a 50 inch set, so I put this in my guest room. Now I hang out in the guest room more often than ever before. The picture quality is very good. It's got some kind of built in feature that helps pull in network TV stations that hooked up to just a $30.00 set of Radio Shack Rabbit ears gets pretty good reception for ME. I don't watch a lot of TV. I hooked it up to a computer, mounted it on the wall and I'm pretty happy with the whole she-bang. I'm not the easiest guy to please in the world. Not the hardest either, I guess. But to re-phrase what I said, I am EXTREMELY pleased with my purchase. There are 3 HDMI ports and a pretty impressive array of options for audio in and out along with other technology packed in. If this company is trying to make a name for themselves, I'd say they're off to a pretty good start.This Exceeded my Expectations
Price and quality matter to me and these factors have met all expectationsThis product meets all my expectations.
For me this was an excellent buy. A little over $200 for an excellent picture, decent sound and a four year (extended) warranty. Go for it, it looks better than my three year old Dynex which cost over $100 more. Plus, the sound is MUCH better to these old ears.Best sound in a flat screen I have ever experience
Love the t.v., size, clearity, sound. I see $159.00. I payed$169.00 plus tax. What's up??great t.v. great price.
Very goodVery good
Really good product.Excellent
Aweome!Great
Great buy for the price.Great value
Haven't started using the product yet because it is for my son for Christmas but we did plug it in and the picture looks great!!!This product is for a Christmas present
Replaced a secondary picture tube TV with this. I was pleasantly surprised by the light weight of the Sceptre. The old TV weighed a ton. The picture definition is great. Very easy to hook up and program channels.Sceptre deserves a crown.
My only issue is that it is a little too big for a small bedroom. The picture is better when not viewed from too close.great value!
I use a smarth blue ray for complement thatits a very good product
light sleek clear picgreat tv
Amazing for the price. Vibrant color, great size. Sound a little tinny. I love it. Remote is a little confusing with corresponding features not near each other.Great value.
Great t.vvery great t.v for the price
I bought this for my bedroom and I love it. I have a higher priced tv for my living room but this one is Great. I was a bit hesistant b/c it was such an amazing price and you tend to get what you pay for but this is a def exception. The sound and picture quality are great and perfect for my needs. I will admit the price (shocked at the value) was a huge factor in my decision but after reading other reviews I decided to go for it and so glad I did.Excellent product for the money!!
needed a tv for up stairs and this one is a good pick for the price the sound is a little week but not a deal breaker for what we paid for it was a good choicegood tv great price
I LOVE ITGREAT TV
Excellent deal for the price! No issues with it at all.Great deal
I just bought a Sceptre 32" HD tv and I'm very happy with this tv. I had an old fashion tv that it replaced and it had broke down so I finally bought a tv of the times. I'm so happy and the picture quality is nothing to compare to with my old, old fashion tv, which I threw out to the curb! I have this new one in my bedroom and I want to buy another one soon for my living room, but am thinking of a bigger 42" for that room, maybe. This tv was so easy to set up and get playing. You won't be disappointed if you buy this tv.Sceptre 32" tv is a Wonderful tv
This is our first plasma TV, so maybe my expectations aren't as high as other people's. This is really excellent for all of our purposes. It was a great value and we're pleased with picture and sound as well as the ability to use it with multiple devices!Our first plasma
Unbelievable price for a 32"! Great picture!Great price, good value
Ordered on black friday... great value and no crowds.Great tv for the bedroom
Great tv and great pricegreat tv
greatgreat
I chose this tv for the price and the reviews I read here. I am not disappointed! It is a great tv!!Great tv!
I bought the TV for the great prize it was worth every penny good quality for the prize.Great TV for the prize.
Works real goodGood TV
This TV is great! and the price is even better! I bought it for my boyfriend and he absolutely loved it. I want to buy another one for myself now. Recommend it for everybody.I loved this TV
Like TV very good product and price was greatCame in on time
I have nothing negative to say about this productGreat value for the price
great value for the price,easy set up great size for our roomgreat value for the price
Product is good, delivery service outstandingPretty darn nice deal
i had 2 problems with this tv:the sound sounds like your in a tunnel,but hooked up to surround sound or stereo fixes this problem,i also had a weird experience,the first week i had this i had to push buttons on remote 20,30,40 times before it would respond,changing batteries did nothing to change this,then all of a sudden the remote worked fine,everything else is great with this tv,great for the pricegreat but sound iffy
The tv is good for the price. It isnt very good picture or sound for the regular red white and yellow Video Cable but HDMI is much better quality for this TV. It also Swivels which is very neat. Has an equalizer.Decent Tv for cheap
Good for what it's used forGood for plan
The only disappointing thing was the fact that it was not clear ahead of time you need an HD cable to make the picture work ...thankfully we had one my son wasn't using...otherwise this would have been a HUGE pain. Make sure you get the cable before expecting to use it!Great TV
I'm not electronic savvy hoped it was a smart tv. Much smaller than the old box tv'swas expecting more
It has a good picture, sound could be better, but over all... the price was nice!Good picture, sound could be a little better
Great picture, great price ! Only con is very flimsy support stand.Nice Enough
This a really nice set, only downfall is the internal speakers are a little fuzzy.Nice
In order to use it we had to hook it up to the blu ray and play it that way :(Great for price BUT
Purchased this(2) tv's to used with Clear tv antenna.
It works great in front- south side get 43 channels.
On the north side only 23 channels.
Will purchased another to put in a bedroom.
Will use only clear tv once contract up with service for tv.
Tv has nice picture for the money.
Set up easy.
I watch it at night -most shows I watch are on cbs-or abc- so it works for what I need.works for me
I wanted a medium-sized TV for my bedroom and this TV works great for that purpose. I have seen better but this TV shows really good. I would purchase another one.This is not a bad TV for the price I paid.
we got this TV for our office and it works fantastic!! We got it to replace an old analogue TV, and when we plugged this new Digital one, we got so many more channels without changing our service! LOL in the last 2-3 years, we have probably bought 6-7 TV's!!TV poor!
Great TV for spare room or kids room.Good Value for price
GoodSceptre
Bought this as a gift for someone and it has all the right features and works fine. Not the best picture out there but certainly acceptable. Sound is not great as mentioned by others, but speakers can be hooked up easily enough. Like the fact it has a tuner, a PC hookup as well as HDMI. My house and the recipient of this gift have the entertainment systems based on computers rather than on other audio/visual components, which to me seems like the way to go.Good for the price
I read the posted reviews on this TV before purchasing if as a Christmas gift for my daughter in Denver (I am in Maryland). My wife and I were heading out to Denver, so we had it shipped to a friend's house so I could pick it up and surprise our daughter. I received notification that the TV would arrive earlier than expected. Knowing my friend was away at that time, I contacted FedEx and had it delivered at a nearby FedEx store. All worked out well. The TV was really plug-and-play. Picture is great for the pixelation (680) and I agree with the other reviewers that the sound is weak and tinny, but that's OK for its expected use. I congratulate WalMart and FedEx for excellent shipping and prices.Good Value - Great WalMart and Fedex service
great television for the bedroom. this television is high definition but my cable service is without because i don't want to pay a fee monthly for another cable box so i can't tell you about that. the only thing that is wrong for me about this television is picture size if you like the 16:9 look then buy this but if like me you buy a television and want the whole screen and not black lines above and below then you can put it on zoom but it cuts off the bottom of the picture and you can't see scores for sports games or news on news channels and there is no way to move the picture to see the bottom part but to save hundreds of dollars for this small problem is why i gave it a good ratinggreat value
This was an early Christmas gift for my son. It was shipped to my home without any damage. It arrived sooner than quoted. The only problem I had was the box was left outside my door. The carrier just left the box in plain sight!!!!!NICE PICTURE
This is a good television for the money IF it is not the primary television in your home. We bought it for the guest bedroom, and it is good for that purpose.

It is advertised as HD, but it isn't true HD. It is not compatible with everything that you would expect from a higher scale model, so check the specifications and ask questions before buying.

If you use closed captioning, the cc on this model is quite poor.GOOD BUY FOR THE MONEY BUT MISSING SOME AMENITIES
this was a great buygood tv
When I picked up the TV, it look big in the box. After taking it out of the box, it wasn't so big, but all in all I'm happy with the TV and what I paid for it!T.V
sound hollow, weak and tinnysound hollow, weak and tinny
I'M SO HAPPY I CHOSE TO BE FRUGAL WITH THIS PURCHASE, I NEEDED A TV FOR MY BEDROOM, I HAVE A MORE KNOWN AND EXPENSIVE BRAND IN MY LIVING ROOM AND I HOPED AGAINST HOPE THAT THE SCEPTRE WILL GIVE ME A SIMILAR VEIWING EXPERIENCE.

WELL I AM HERE TO TELL YOU IT MEETS AND SURPASSED MY EXPECTATIONS!LURRRVE THIS TV!
great tv for the money!good value
I received the TV earlier than the expected date (that's a plus right there!) The instructions were excellent. I ordered the non-included VGA cable and the hook-up was seemless. The sound is very low through the TV, but great through my PC that I use as a DVD player. I don't particularly like the "wide screen" view on channels because people look fat or wide, not proportional. For the price, I think it is a good value. All I need now is a home theatre hookup with speakers and I'll be a happy camper!Good for the price
I bought three. One for each of my grandchildren. Got two set up and the third one was missing a piece for the stand. They didn't have that size in Walmart so of course I ended up having to pay more for another TV. I think Walmart should carry pieces for TV's in case something is missing out of boxes. I had the other two grandchildren asking why the other got a better TV.Great TV for kids
I may purchase another for my bedroom.Got it for 92yrs mother in the kichen.
I didnt want to go Black Friday shopping but needed a TV for a decent price for my brother.Great Deal
GoodNice
Bought this tv for my daughter and she loves it. Great picture and bright colors.Really good tv for themoney
Nice T.V., I still haven't ventured through all the different abilities this TV has, but I'm sure all will be within my expectations and satisfaction.For the price, you cannot go wrong..
The darn remote is so poor. Difficult to change sources. Monocolor layout, promotes fatigue, no universal chip.Fair quality
The reason I gave this product a poor grade on meets expectations is because I was specifically looking for a DVD/TV combo that's what I was expecting because I searched for TV/DVD in the search bar and this is what popped up. I was disappointed to see that it was just a regular TV.Not what I expected
The TV was a great size for the price, but I can't seem to make the picture show better. It shows a bit blurry.Nice size TV for price
using as computer monitors. am very happyGot 2 for this price-
The TV shipping was delayed but arrived with 1 corner of the package indicating that it had been dropped. I signed for the TV and immediately took it to customer service for a refund.
Within a week I reordered that same TV and am awaiting delivery. Will provide an evaluation once I have the TV setup and operational..TV arrived with pkg damage
Good picture, poor sound.Mono sound is very disappointing
I ordered this from walmart and it never came. Then after many emails and actually going. To the store twice I finally got another one sent to me. I ordered it about a month edited Christ as for a Christmas And I didn't get it until after the new year. And that was the second one. I never turned it on an never got any compensation, even though they said they had a 24th Christmas Eve delivery guarantee. I sold it on KSL because I was so upset.Never turned it on.
the delivery was very timely. When I open Box only two pieces were in box.Missing Parts
ok for the money.decent
the lower channels are not as good a quality as the higher channels but for the price its a good tv.great tv for the price
This was a replacement for one that I previously purchased. I ordered the exact same TV, yet it was lighter-weight and could not be readily used with our wall mount. We had to use washers with our screws. There are no installation parts included, other than a base. The other SCEPTRE TV had a faulty power switch, which I discovered seems to be a problem. This is a very cheap TV and we used it in our nursery room at our church.Very basic
Buy extended warranty!!not bad for the price
PICTURE IS BEAUTIFUL, SOUND QUALITY VERY POOR. I WILL ASSUME SPEAKERS ARE VERY CHEAP WHY PRICE IS SO LOW.SPEAKERS ARE HORRIBLE
the TV is difficult to determine what plugs in where, the diagram in the instruction does not match the actual socket arrangement, so you end up guessing. The audio sounds like it is coming thru a tin coffee can, and is only 1 speaker.
I guess it might be OK for an ocassional use, like in a spare bedroom.
this brand is not listed by DISH / DIRECTV, so programng the remote is a huge nightmare, took 3 hours of guess work.el-cheap-o all around
The picture and sound quality is not worth the sale price. For this TV, you get less than what you paid for.Not worth it!
tv plays fine...It came with the wrong stand..had to makeshift the stand to hold the tv up......did not want to send it back...would really like to have the correct stand....Thank Youwrong stand
I read the many good reviews given here and at $209 I thought this would be a very good deal. Unfortunately I was very disappointed with this TV. When viewing HD digital broadcasts the picture was OK, but not great, but when viewing standard def broadcasts the picture was terrible.

There was a lot of pixelization and ghosting which made it very difficult to watch. I ended up returning this and purchasing a Vizio 32" elsewhere. $50 more but well worth it.

Sceptre makes very good monitors for computers, but their televisions are lacking.Disappointed
My other TV is a Sony. I am not a huge tech person and things like HD don't matter to me so even though I knew the quality wouldn't be like the Sony, I didn't expect it to really be noticeable. I was wrong! The sound was poor and the picture wasn't very good either. I made several adjustments but didn't feel the tv was worth the $200 I paid so I returned it. The base of the tv was also wobbly although we followed the instructions step by step and doublechecked everything. If this was for a child's use they probably wouldn't notice the quality.returned the next day
It's an ok tv for the money, but I do prefer a better quality picture than what this one has to offer. going to return it to Walmart.Not too bad for the money.
The picture is poor even after trying to adjust and the sound is poor because it only has one speaker. The remote looks like the first one every made. It has over 20 buttons and it is very large. I subjest buying the Cielo brand because I bought both TVs on back friday for $179 so I feel like I got an ok deal it's like buy one get one free so I guess I looking at the Sceptre as the free one because its sure not worth buying. I bought it for my bedroom and I already had it hung. Its too much trouble to take it down so I guess I'll keep it.Do not buy very cheaply made.
This tv was great until we tried to watch a dvd. The sound volume was about half of what it was on the normal television. We watch more dvd's than regular television, so taking ours back.Plan on taking mine back
We have this TV in a game room and it is hardly ever used. maybe 20 times in the last year. Went to turn it on last night and didnt power up until we messed with it and turned it on and off 15 times. Sound works but no picture!Not even one year later will not turn on!
picture and sound are horrible!!!!NOT A GOOD CHOICE
I returned this TV and bought a better brand in an electronics store, only spent about $40 more and am very happy. If you are looking for the cheapest TV around, you will get what you pay for with Sceptre: splotches on the screen from day 1 and poor sound quality, plastic everything.Bad screen, all around cheap
I bought 4 of these. 3 -32in in 2012 and now have had 2 of them just stop working. One was hardly used since was in our bedroom and since the one in my 18 yr old daughters room when down, I gave her ours. Now that one has also now just stopped working. I guess it's smarter to spend the money upfront rather then having to keep replacing your TV.Good if you only want for a year
I purchased this television and it seemed like a great tv. I plug it up the first time it worked. I turned it on a second time it worked. The third time I tried to turn it on it would not come on. I brought it back to the store and I ordered another one. It was a great price so I hope this one works.Turn it on a couple times before installation
THE TV HAS MANY OPTIONS FOR HOOK UPS WORKS GREATGREAT TV GREAT SHIPPJNG
The TV is very good to look at. Only wish is to instruct the owner to view a DVD player that is plugged into the TV. Also instruct the owner on how to clean the LCD screen.TV is great. Love the picture and sound!!
I purchased this tv for our bedroom. The picture quality is outstanding, It is better than my 43 inch LG. Tv was easy to mount . I am going to purchase another one of these to put in the guest bedroom. Don't let the price fool you as this is a great tv.More Bang for the Money
I ordered this television for a Christmas gift for my friend in Washington. I had it shipped to the Walmart store so he could pick it up in the store. He picked it up and when he got it home, it didn't work. He took it back and there were no more there. So he had to substitute and get a different kind of television. He is satisfied with the one he has now. I don't know where the problem lies. I don't know if it's the product itself or it was broken in Walmart.Disappointed
Bought this for my mother and had it delivered to her in a different city. Everything from the delivery to the quality of the tv was a "thumbs up".Satisfied
Exelent bay well recoment to frends and familytv
My son use it on is Xbox one and loved itGreat tv for the price
Tv is showing a black screen with sounds.
I have to reprogram the channels every time that I turn off and back on. I am taking it back to the store today. I hope I have better luck with the next one.Black Screen
I bought Sceptre 32" as Christmas gifts for my sister after researching and reviewing an exhausting amount of info. I thought this was a great value comparing to the other brands in the market. Embarrassment confronted me without hesitation a week after Christmas when the tv turned black in the middle of the wii game and never again we were able to see the tv. bargain? NOT. Think before you buy the Sceptre 32" and have to take another trip to return it for failure. Regretful? yes.Regretful
Doesn't work as a monitor.Doesn't work as a monitor
Sound is just ok. Voices are average volume but music and commercials are blaringly loud when you have the volume up enough just to hear the voices. We purchased in September, picture went out by April 9th!! Would've been a great value if the TV lasted longer than 7 months! Can't wait to see what the manufacturer has to say about this one!Would've been great value, broke after 8 mo.s
well first worked - then lot grain after 6mths - now don't work - going to but another different brand - only lasted 1 year dont buydies after 1yr
Very nicely packaged including a small screwdriver. Too bad the TV was bad out of the box. Attempted to contact support via voice, live chat and email. Mon - Fri only 8:30 to 5:30 PDT.
They returned my call 2 days later. Of course I did not wait for them to call before I took
the set back. Walmart returns service department was excellent and so decided to try
again with Walmart. This time a Vizio which is excellent and working in my exercise room.Take a Chance
It didn't even last 2 months and a tv repair guy said that it was a disposable tv not ment to be repairedrip off
Very poor sound quality. Total waste of money. Returned same day. Bought a Magnavox with GREAT sound!!!!DO NOT BUY
I bought this inexpensive LED TV and had nothing but problems. Our cable provider came over to install cable and had numerous problems with this TV. He tried numerous cable boxes and even tried hooking our DVD player up to and no sound & nothing on the screen. We kept getting the error message 'No Signal'. The TV could not find anything we tried to hook up to it. After trying every single HD plug-in we realized that not 1 of the 3 worked. We promptly brought the TV back to a local store and purchased a higher quality one. Definitely NOT worth buying!You get what you pay for
Can't hook a dvd player to it, always thought it was just the chord or dvd player I used, but bought a new one and still don't work, now it's too late to return bought in April 2014, should have bought the protection to get it fixed, but never had needed it beforeShould have bought a diff one
Very satisfied, easy set up.works like a tv
This is the 4th TV I have purchased online. when I got it, only 1/2 of the screen worked. I took it back the next day and got my money backbroken screen
I bought this tv on black friday good price for a 32 invh. However the image was only have of the screen seemed like I had purchased a 24in tv or smaller. The options were very poor.really bad image
The TV is fine ..I love it..Little lost tv
I purchased this TV for my bedroom. When it finally arrived, I was horrified at the size of it. It looked way smaller than the size it supposedly is. When I called directv to sync the services, this brand name wasn't even in the database. The remote control is massive and dated. I didn't waste one second more trying to deal with that. I immediately packed it up and returned it to Walmart. I spent a few dollars more and bought a better one.not impressed
The TV was just as we expected. The picture and sound are very good and it was very easy to set up. We are happy with our purchase!Great Buy!
I returned it the next day. Price was great but worst picture everworst picture ever
I would recommend it.great television set for an extra bedrom.
Almost a year later and tv wouldn't start a few times (just died out). It is cheap so basically, you get what you paid for so don't buy it just because it sounds like a great deal. Never again! Even worse, we bought two of these as Christmas gifts and both had issues.Do not buy- cheap product!!
Ordered this TV 3 weeks ago, showed in stock, yet still have not received!!!!!Still waiting for item to show?
You get wat you pay for. The tv didn't even work when I got it. Very dissatisfied. Don't buy!!! Waste of time and money!jaeDez
I bought this tv as a christmas gift. I hung it on the wall and for almost 1 month the tv worked fine. Then one morning it would not come on. I have called Sceptre to find out what I can do about this problem and can't get anyone on the phone. Will not buy this brand again.Bad TV
First day, this tv was awesome. Better than expected. Second day, screen went out. I haven't had it for 2 weeks yet. Debating should I return it or use the warranty.Appeared Good
I returned the televison do to the fact lines all through tvreturned tv
Sound is terribleNot worth it...
TV is not as good as reviews read.Skeptical
Great picture/audio/weight, etc. Awesome!Great tv!
nice TV, great Pricenice TV, great price
THIS IS A GRATE TV, FOR EVERY ONE.............

I PAY REALLY GOOD PRICE AND I THINK IS TO CHEAP............

AM THINKING TO GET IN OTHER ONE...

JUST LIKE THIS ONE :)great tv, for family
I have always been pleased with the quality and speedy delivery on all my purchases from walmartgreat for any room in the home,
I can't report on this just yet. I'm moving in a few weeks and I have not opened THE BOX. I will give you a review in a few weeks. But I can say this, a friend of mine has the same one (from Walmart) and she loves it. Picture crisp and she swears nothing smaller than a 32" EVER AGAIN.32" TV
Not a great TV but a good spare bedroom purchase. Bought at a great price. Sound is very tinny. Picture is clear but only fair-good quality on vivid display. Sports did not pixelate. Easy to place on stand and hook-up with HDMI cable. It will serve fine for its purpose. If you need a TV for anything more than minimal to moderate use go with a major brand. You will pay more but it will be worth it. I might still buy it again at the price knowing what I know.Spare Bedroom Quality
TV has a good picture good sound but very thin and very lightweight departure been only $100 instead of &149.00very lite weight
I am not able to hook up both my Roku and my DVD player at the same time. In fact I was unable to hook up my dvd player at all.I dunno
Very satisfied with picture and sound. TV hooked up thru cable DVR. Having problem with TV jumping out of HDMI mode occasionly when using the cable remote. Trying to work this out with tech support via E-Mail.(They do not return messages left.) If problem cannot be resolved shortly, I will be returning it to the store.HDMI PROBLEM!
i loved the price i got it for but wen i went 2 go program it nd turn it on it sed no signal so i figured out y it maybe doing dat nd it was because it didnt bring a HDMI cable so i had 2 purchase it nd now i been waiting for a week because i cnt watch it because da cable isnt here yet.....i hope that after the HDMI cable gets here the tv starts working because if not im going 2 return it.WAS ALITTLE DISAPOINTED
Picture quality-colors are poor even after adjustment. Sound comes from two sides. Sometimes sounds like there is another tv on nearby. I guess you get what you pay for.disappointed
Please!!! If you have read any good reviews disregard, This was the worst shopping experience ever not to mention a huge inconvenience! I bought this tv even after reading the reviews couldn't beat the price or so i thought..after i got this tv home and moved all my furniture around and got rid of my old tv got it all set up worked for 5 minutes then went fuzzy then went black and would not turn on at all. So i had to return it and spend an extra 200 bucks on a different tv.If you do decide to still buy this tv know that if you buy the warranty and your tv craps out and you take it back you will have to CALL walmart customer service department to get your warranty money back..which i have not done yet. The tv i went with is a 42inch hisense the grand total was $$421.88, so far so good! Hope this review helps.P.O.S
I went with this TV because it had a larger screen but was less money. I got what I paid for. The picture quality is not very good. You can see the pixels in the center of screen and it can be distracting with some of the shows/movies you are watching. I would not recommend at any price.Picture quality is not very good.
The picture is bad and I turn the volume up and still cannot hear it . I want to return it to Walmart
but my printer is not working and they said there is no way I can send an email to the store )which
is hard for me to believe)!! I wanted to know if you could send them one? Delmont, PA is our store.Iwant to return to Walmart but I no receipt was in
I had alittle trouble setting up as I have dish network,following booklet as to where to put jacks,I was having problems getting sound and color,dish tech told me different and works good. Picture good as well as sound. Trying to make remote work with tv,(dish) you need code, we just used Sony,as components are made by Sony. Since I used my card,I got 25 off so total was 149 plus tax,good tvGood tv don't let name scare you,Sony components
only had this for a couple weeks now, but the picture is decent and for the price, can't beat it. The 3 year warranty for less than $15 will cover me if the quality is not there.Good bang for buck!
Horrible! Would not recommend, sound is awful!Horrible! Would not recommend, sound is awful!
easy to set up out of the box and using in about 15 minutes great picture

its worth the money and now i'm going to get one to use on my computergreat product easy on the these old eyes
1st I am still VERY upset I paid extra money for faster shipping and the item was NOT delivered to my current address it was delivered to my previous address I had not lived at for a year!
I had to hunt it down. Thank GOD I still got it in time for my father's birthday.

I had to set it up, easy enough but the picture quality is POOR original price $329 I'd like to say it's worth about $119.

I really dislike leaving negative reviews but this was an all around horrible purchase.Don't waste your money
It looked great coming out of the box and I was really excited to see what it looked like when I turned it on but, I never got to see the picture. Something was wrong with the one I got and it had to be returned. This would not be so bad but, I live 20+ miles from Wal-Mart. Instead of waiting for a new one to come in I just bought another tv for an extra $40.00 at the store and it works great.Problems
I really like the picture and sound quality.Great picture and sound
I had to return the tv to the nearest Walmart because when I unpacked it, there was a huge crack in the screen.Unable to adequately evaluate
We love it; have the 40 inch in our living room; ordered the 32 in for our bedroomGreat Upgrade
I bought two. They are Christmas presents !!Havn't opened it yet, it's a Christmas present!!
I bought this TV for my husband and me. We were getting a blue-ray player as a part of our Christmas present from our daughter so that when the grandchildren bring their movies, we would now be able to play them. The TV we only had it installed about a month. Went to bed one night and turned off TV and the color was fine when we turned it off. Went to turn it on the next morning and then the color displayed was a very terrible green color that actually hurt my eyes to look at that. The box it came in was still saved so we packed the TV and returned it back to Walmart. Customer Service was very helpful and all of our money was refunded. We then went on a shopping trip to see what we could get that might still be in a price range we can afford and the size we needed.Do Not Buy A Flatscreen ''Specture" From Walmart
Received this television damaged (the box was damaged as well). There was pixelation in the screen after it was assembled. This customer had to disassemble and return to the local Walmart in order to exchange for immediate reconciliation in meeting a personal commitment.It seemed to be a great deal...
Easy, works, good pic...super BARGAIN!Value 4 dollar
This is a Christmas gift so I hve not opened it yet or even taken it out of box. I am hoping that it is everything that I want it to be..32" TV
This is my second tv of this brand. I have been very happy with the overall quality of themMy second tv of this brand
A 32" TV should not be that small.Too small
beautiful picturesnazzy
With this being my first flat screen,I am very happy with it,the size is just perfect for the size of my living.Glad I chose this one,TV
I never used this TV. When, I recieved the unit it was not as described. It says in the specifications it is an LED-LCD TV. This is not true! It is a LCD TV only. I sent it back the next day.Not as described.
this tv is an awesome deal!!!! great tv for the price! picture is great and the overall appearance of the tv looks great in my living room. im very impressed with this tv. the only thing that isnt awesome on this tv is the sound. but other than that this tv gets 5 stars from me!!!!!!GREAT DEAL!!!!!!
I have had this TV for a little over a month and it has been a great purchase. Picture and sound are great and have not had any problems. Great Buy!Great TV for the price
Surprisingly good product, killer picture. Built in sound isn't great but is full adjustable and sounds good when hooked up to a stereo system.Killer product
This is a great television for the price. Easy to set up, they even include the screwdriver to attach the base in the box! Sound isn't the best in the world, a bit tinny in contrast to the fantastic picture but if you hook it up to a decent stereo you overcome that problem.

I'm always a bit leary of buying the cheapest product, but in this case it was money well spent. Had it shipped to my apartment so I didn't need to lug it home and it arrived in three days with standard shipping!Excellent Value
Picture and sound better than expected. I would've bought this in the first place and saved $650 if I had known the quality was so good for the money.As good as the $900 Samsung it replaced!
I use this TV for exercise DVDs and home gym entertainment. It is a great off-brand TV and is a great price point. Highly recommended.Great TV for the money
Would rrecommend it again and or purchase it again. Totally satisfied for the investment.Money well spent
Took awhile for me to decide to pull the trigger on this tv. I've been watching prices/recommendations and finally bit the bullet. Took about 15 minutes to unbox and set up, everything was easy even for an old duffer like me.

I bought it on Monday, the tv arrived at noon today (Weds), shipped right to the house and I'm watching it within 20 minutes of unboxing it.

Go for it!Exactly what I was looking for
I was pleasantly surprised by the picture quality and features of this TV. I had to adjust the brightness level since the presets were all too dark for my taste, but with that locked in it's great. The sound isn't exceptional, but that's to be expected with a flat panel. How big can those speakers be, given the size of the cabinet. All things considered, it's a great value. Buy one. You won't be disappointed.Great value.
Bought this for my teenager's room - he loves it! Perfect for his xBox 360 games - no drag or delay of game as some stated. He had to reset his game system to accept the widescreen - but once he did he was in love with it!

Great picture, no dead pixels, seems to work great. Highly recommended.Excellent Deal
The Product arrived on time within a week from the time I placed the order. So far the quality, sound and every thing about this product has been great. I think the price was the first thing that sealed the deal for me on this product !!!!!NICE
I purchased the Sceptre 32" on sale off of the Walmart website. I got exactly what I wanted at a price that was very competitive. The delivery was quicker than expected and the installation only took about 15 minutes. For a base line product priced favorably it would be hard to bet this combination.Is a very good product for the price.
I haven't heard of the Sceptre brand before, However it is a great hdtv Picture sound features are awesome and for the price it is great, unbeatable for a brand new hdtvVery nice hdtv
We watch this TV everyday and so far it seems to be working GREAT. This is our first HD TV but for the money who can complain.For the money it is a very good TV.
I purchased this TV to go into a room that I converted from my son's bedroom to an exercise room when he moved out. The TV was very easy to set up with our DirecTV and my DVD player. The instructions were easy to follow and set up was done in a matter of minutes. The picture quality is good and the sound is good too. I only use the TV when I'm exercising so I don't watch it a lot but I'm really impressed with it for what I need it for. We also purchased the 40 inch Sceptre for our lake cottage I feel the same way about that TV as well. For the price, you can't beat these TV's. I can't comment on my long term opinion of the TV's as we've only had them for a few weeks, but I'm hoping I'm as satisfied a year from now as I am today. As a side note I ordered them on the internet 'cause I couldn't find them in the store and did the "ship to store" option and they arrived a couple of days earlier than expected and we received text messages and e-mails advising us they were at the store. I will definitely use Walmart's website again for any major purchase.Good Value
First time I've made a purchase of this size online through a Walmart Store. Delivery was a day earlier than promised. There were no lines to wait in. I was out of the store with my purchase within 10 minutes. When I got the flat screen home set up was easy enough, I was watching TV in minutes.Great, Simple to operate.
For a brand name that I had never heard of this tv is very good. It has a nice clear picture and good sound. It was bought for a bedroom and it is the perfect size. I would recommend this tv to other people. Thank you.Great tv for price.
This TV was easy to set up and looks great.Great TV
When I first turned it on the picture was washed out and the sound had to much treble. But, there are plenty of settings to change to your liking! And, it can all be done with the remote. Now that there is more bass & I changed the color, tint & brightness, I love it!
The user guide says the usb port can be used to view pics & use an mp3. Being able to use it as a monitor is great also! For $209., can't ask for more! Oh! Also, it swivels side to side on the stand so you can leave the stand in the center of the cabinet/shelf.Excellent Value! I recommend it to all!
i just the TV today when i started up i was surprise with video and audio for $200 tv love this tv i most game on it and little of TV.great cheap lcd tv
Real simple, its dirt cheap in price. Works perfect. Plenty of recepticals for hdmi,stereo,etc. Just buy it. You will not find a better deal.Best Buy
Searched for a long time, made many comparissons, finally I found what I wanted. I love the picture quality with HD. Sound is not as good, but only if you listen to music from satellite. Otherwise good sound. Recommend wholeheartedly.Great for the price
I purchased the tv as a gift for my sons' 16th birthday and i was very impressed with how the tv was packaged. The picture was crystal clear and the directions in the manual on how to set up a game console was very easy.Great quality television.
I just received my tv today I am so please with everything. I'm happy about this investment for my room. I'm thinking about getting another one very soon.Great values for the price
Wow...I can't believe I got this TV at this price. Perfect for our bedroom TV. Can see the channel guide from our bed and I don't wear glasses! Good sound, picture, and light weight to lift and install on our former corner wall stand. Tawas City store big help as it was raining the day I picked it up on the sight to store free shipping. Service-"Kudo's" to them.Great price and product to match!
It's early, but early signs are this television was a very good purchase. This item was purchased for a guest bedroom and its performance is having us look into additional purchases for other rooms, both smaller / larger sets. For piece of mind, I did purchase the 2-year service plan. Even with the cost of the plan included, we are very pleased with this purchase.Very good purchase
Was easy to set up and picture quality is great.Great TV for the money.
Tv is easy to operate, has a nice picture, and a very low price. Can't go wrong with this Tv.Great Tv, Great price!!
I was looking for an inexpensive TV for my bedroom and kept shopping and reading reviews until I came across the great reviews and affordable price for this TV. I bought it. It was ultra simple to set up. It even comes with its own screwdriver for the 4 screws that attaches the stand to the TV. The only things that I had to set up from the remote menu were the date and the picture quality. I preferred the 'vivid' setting rather than the manufacturer's picture setting. Don't forget to buy an HDMI cable. The sound is great. The picture is exceptional. I hope that this TV lasts. What a find!!!great TV, great price
TV picture is great, setup was easy. Great value!!! Only negative is that like most LCD sets, the audio is lacking. Hook up to a stereo/sound system and you are set! Performs as well as many higher priced sets.Excellent
great value and very nice quality picture.big, really nice TV.
I was a bit leery because of the price. After reading the reviews, I decided to make the purchase. I ordered the TV online and had it shipped to the store.......NO SHIPPING COSTS :) No regrets on this purchase.Great TV for the price !
I purchased this for my daughter's bedroom online, without looking at it in a store. It was 198.00 so I was a bit skeptical. This TV has an awesome picture, easy set up, came with a remote, batteries, cleaning cloth, and a screwdriver for assembling the stand if you need it. This TV is well worth the money. Fast shipping, I had it in a couple of days and this was during the Christmas season in 2011. You won't be disappointed with this television.Awesome TV for the money
This TV is a great deal for the price! I use this TV for my spare bedroom and is more than adequate. If you have Time Warner cable use 0000 for the remote code. Cheers!I like it!
Easy setup. Love using my computer on this tv. great picture, great sound.Excellent sound and quality
I found this TV to be an extraordinary surprise. The price was low, but research gave it high marks. Picture AND Sound quality are great. I wouldn't relegate this to a guestroom or bedroom, this TV is as good as most twice its price - and more! It has better features than higher priced HDTVs. I don't see any drawbacks to this TV at all.Impressed!!
For the money, I don't think this TV can be beat. Wonderful color !Love this TV!
this tv size is perfect for me, my budget and for my bedroom i would recommend this tv to a friend if they dont wanna spend extra $300 for a brand that is popular plus when i insert a dvd to my dvd player the sound its much louder then when i had with a proscan 42 inch i had this tv for a while the volume was the same even when inserted a dvd player to me its worth it because i also save on my light bill energy guide $11 estimated yearly energy cost also the picture to me its perfect nice and clear its all good thanks wal-martthe sound and the volume is better then proscan
I ordered two televisions for my kids...they were delievered so quick I couldn't believe it. The televisions have a great picture and the sound quality is good as well. I would definately recommend this television and delivery service from Wal-Mart.Tv
I've had this for better than a month, and it is far better than I'd even hoped for. It is a real bargain. I liked it so well, I bought a second one, slightly fancier (LCD-LED) for another room.This exceeded my expectations!
I was surprised to see a 32 in HDTV on sale for 200 bucks. I was ever more surprised at the quality of this TV! I am using it as a computer monitor and it's AWESOME!Great value!
I recieved the tv sooner than it was promised, it was easy to assemble and set up.
It has a wonderful picture and good sound,the set up of all functions was a breeze.
I would give it an a+ and would recommend it highly.Great tv for the price very pleased with purchase
I brought this television as a gift for someone who was in need of a television. The individual love the television and have no complaints whatsoever.Gift
Great price! We paid only $198.00 for the tv. It's perfect for my boys to play ps3 games on.Great for kids to play games on.
Great picture quality overall. The tv is mounted on a swivel base which is convenient for hooking up cables in tight spaces. The audio is pretty poor in quality but it is plenty loud enough. I would recommend hooking this tv up through an audio receiver.Great Picture, Subpar Audio
It's just a great t.v. What else is there to say? It does what it's supposed to do.Great t.v.
Not at all bad for the price. I have it in my den and it works fine. Operation is not overly complicated as it is with some TV's today.Good inexpensive TV
This was donated as a bingo gift for a non profit organization. Everyone loved it and it brought in a lot of money to the organization.gift
For the price this TV is a great buy. I bought this TV it replace a Sony Aquos that was nothing but a headache. If you are looking for an inexpensive HD Tv this is the one to buy.great buy
This TV was put in my son's room & he LOVES it, really could not beat the value. Would definitely recommendMost excellent buy
The shipping was very fast, the box was in good shape off of the FedX truck. The tv picture is good. I am happy with my purchase.Good TV
I have ony had the product for a couple of weeks but am very satisfied. Picture is excellent and the sound is good. It meets all expectations and I am glad to have taken a chance even though there were a number of bad reviews. Only complaint is the remote seems to have a limited distance (about 8') but that may be due to position of tv in entainment center. Only a small problem.Great value. Meets all requirements and as expect
nice picture many hdmi plugs and a usb and a cable connect.nice picture
Eay to set up. Picture quality is good. For the price, it was worth the purchase. Will add to comment if anything changes.For the price, it's a great buy.
Purchased a 32 inch flat screen, works beautifully. Made some adjustments to the volume and picture settings, and family is very pleased.Great TV
This is a excellent tv for the cost..............I had to purchase a new tv when my old one started having occasional blackouts...........So I looked around and decided to check out walmart.com and I must say I was surprised that I was able to find a good tv for the price I paid..............Only thing bad about it is I have to get used to the way this tv is made cause my old tv was one of the old 32"...............But other than that I would recommend this product to any one interested in buying a new tv.............It was an easy set up and picture is great and I never had a problem with my sound...............Now I just need me a new dvd player and it will be perfect.Excellent TV
my husband had trouble setting it up for pc/tv/vcr, but my son had no problemgood price and works well
Awesome TV for the price! Arrived quickly. Absolutely no complaints.Great tv!
Ordered this on line, picked up at store. Great service. Arrived quickly at store, no lines to wait in.Great price, fast service
Great picture, very easy to hook-up, and good price.Bought as a gift, and they love it.
we use it as a computer monitor and its fabulous at its price!great pc monitor
This is the time of year I despise! Football, Baseball, Golf and basketball lurking around the corner.
Rather than fight over the remote with my husband, attend movies that are awful, or go shopping to get away from the sound of the games day and night, I bought myself a wonderful TV. I then grab a snack and drink and settle in to a comfortable night (and or day) with MY TV. It's wonderful!!!! Picture is great, bright and clear, sound is comfortable and the sleep button is easy to use just in case I fall asleep. Now this is the way to retire!!!Best TV buy in town!
I bought 2 of these TV's for bedrooms they look great and are very good value for the moneyGood Value
It was a Christmas gift for my brother and so far everyone is pleased. I just hope it lasts. We have great expectations.So far so good. It was a gift to my brother.
We've only had this tv for a week, but so far it's been great. We hooked it up to an HD signal, and the picture is wonderful!Great television for the price!
I've seen some reviews about the sound, we put it in our bedroom and it's very loud and has great sound! You have to play around with the color and brightness though but once you find the right combination, it looks and sounds great! It's actually a little too loud! My husband and I leave the TV on at night but we don't want to hear it, just have the light in the background and even on 1 (lowest the TV goes) it is still super loud! Great TV, we are very happy with it!Great TV for the price and overall satisfied
I recently purchased this tv for my bedroom. I was a little skeptical about buying it because it was off brand. I must say it has a great picture and great sound i would suggest Sceptre to anyone looking to pay a reasonable price for a tv with a exceptional picture. I am debating on purchasing this tv for my daughter as well.Great value!
It's a lot better than what I had. Pick-up was easy. Shopping that way is a pleasure and more convenient for me.legs2long
I bought a 40" Sceptre flat screen over the Christmas holidays. Was so pleased with it, that when I saw this 32" model for $219 I grabbed it. It has a great picture and I'm pleased with the sound. I use it as a bedroom television and couldn't be happier. I had never heard of this brand and was a little skeptical, but after reading the other positive revues I took the plunge and am glad I did.Great Value
I bought this tv cause it was so cheap and me and my boyfriend are both gamers...let me just say WOW....this tv is awesome ESPECIALLY if your a gamer..i definitely recommend it.Awesome!
great product for a great price!Excellent!
nice clear picturegreat tv
REASONABLE PRICE AND GREAT PICTURE..32" FLAT TV
Overall great television for the price. Lots of nice features found in more expensive models. I ordered this product using the Site to Store shipping feature & found this to be an amazing option. Will definitely order online again...And use Site to Store feature!!!Nice TV for the price!!!
Hard to beat this deal. For the price, you get more than you expect. Only wish the remote had the "Last Channel" feature on it. Can't have everything!Difficult Offer to Beat!
Bought this TV for the master bedroom. I purchased online and had it shipped directly to my house. TV was easy to set up and very light weight (compared to the 27 inch tube TV it replaced). The remote control was defective out of the box. However, we have another Sceptre TV in one of the other bedrooms and I was able to set it up using that. After that I can use the cable box remote.

I contacted Walmart about the remote and they gave me the option of returning the whole package (TV and remote) for exchange or to contact Sceptre via email and deal directly with them. Since Walmart gives you 30 days, I figured I would try dealing with Sceptre and if that didn't work I could still return. I emailed Sceptre and received a reply indicating that they would mail a new remote to me. 3 days later a new remote arrived in the mail. Great customer service and they have earned a loyal customer.Great value and nice picture.
I am very pleased with my purchase. Setup just took a couple of minutes. Adjusting the sound and video just took a couple more minutes. We have excellent picture and acceptable sound. We do not have cable or satellite but get a beautiful picture.Great TV for the price.
I bought 2 of these & am pleased with both. Excellent TV, sound & picture are great. Why pay more ?Lowest price I found for a 32" TV. Excellent TV.
The price was a good value.Great tv
I ordered three of these at the current sale price, used ship to store and picked them up Wednesday, mounted all three on the wall this past w/end and they are an exceptional tv for the price, beautiful picture and yes they show in 1080i on your hi def digital channels, (I ran straight cable from wall, no box on these). I have no complaints at all, the tv comes with a swivel stand if you want to set on table, great remote w/batteries, screen mat for wiping it down and an easy to follow idiot proof instructions for hooking up surround sound system or dvd etc; multiple picture and sound aspects. HDMI, USB etc; etc; even a computer hook up if you want a huge monitor for your pc. You can't go wrong at this price, glossy black laquer finish.Great Buy!!!!!!
Great DEAL! 32" for 209!!! We bought one to have as an extra TV for our house and this beat my expectations, we are extremely happy with the choice.Great TV for the price
We love our new TV. It's a great TV for a great price. We love it.Wonderful
What a great shopping experience at Walmart.com. The TV I purchased is great an easy to set up. The picture and sound are fantistic. Shipping to the store ideal to save on freight.
Thanks Walmart.I couldn't be happier with the TV.
This is the first TV that I have purchased for myself. I decided to purchase this TV based on all the reviews that I read. I am very happy with my purchase. I have only had it for 2 weeks, but am pretty sure that it will last a good while.My perfect 1st TV!
This tv is cheap that anyone will think it is not as good as branded tvs. Well it is and performed well.great tv. im surprised with the quality
If you want a great tv at a great price then this is truly the one not only is the price right the picture is better the sound is ok, i've placed it in my kitchen so do'nt need it to loud also to my surprise I ordered it one day and received it three days laterGreat television for the price
I love my TV I was worried about the brand at first but everything is fine. The TV looks great and the picture is really clear and the sound is excellent!Great picture excellent price!
I bought this TV a couple of weeks ago to replace a dead TV in my exercise room. This Sceptre TV has exceeded my expectations. I read some reviews that did not talk highly of the quality and I was a little worried. I have found the TV to be a quality set with a good set of features. I have found the picture quality to be great. I would consider the construction quality to be closer to a flat screen monitor then a high end TV, but for the price paid, it cant be beat.Great LCD TV
I purchased this for my son and it works well for all his needs. Pricing was fair and shipping to our Wal Mart was speedy.Great value for the price.
Great deal for the price so glad I purchased it for the sale price. It is bigger (some how) then other 32inch tvs that I see in Walmart.Great TV for the price
Am very pleased with the picture quality of this unit and 32'' is perfect for the master bedroom. The sound can sound a bit off but for the price you can't beat this as a second television.Very Pleased
Great tv for a reasonable price.Great buy
This was a mothers day present for my mom. It was shipped to her in Puerto Rico. She is very pleased with it and loves the picture quality. I just loved the fact that Walmart was able to deliver this when they said they would. I was afraid of delays but I was so impress that it got there exactly when they said they it would. Loved t hat I was able to track the package as well. I have never considered purchasing a TV on line but due to me being so far away from mom I didnt have a choice. Glad to see that it arrived safely...and in working order. Thanks Walmart for making my 85 year old mom Mothers Day a special one with her new TV that she didnt expect. Might be getting one for myself now. You cant beat the price...It was a gift
I LOVE THIS TV...ALTHOUGH I RETURNED IT TO GET A BIGGER MODEL, STILL LOVE IT...GONNA WAIT A FEW MONTHS AND GET THE 50 INCH..CANT BE THE PRICE AND ITS A GREAT TV SO FAR...I WOULD RECOMMEND IT...THIS WAS A GREAT BUY
Great tv great price! Looks sharp in my sons room.Great
This tv, is the first tv I have ever bought by myself. I paid the decent price and had some sceptilations (thinking.. that was really cheap.. is it going to be cheap?) but it was not! This tv has a great picture with Charter Communications. Has not let me down and I have had it since the end of Feburary beggining of March or 2013. The only thing I have a proublem with is the sound. The speakers are a little quiet. While I am trying to save the money to buy a speaker bar (will screw into the bottem of the tv.. they are made for this brand and tv.) I have a set of ajustable computer speakers plugged into the headphone jack on the back and have it turned up that way! Wonderful tv.. I would recomend this tv to anyone who wanted a cheap, yet reliable tv!Great tv for the money!
This TV has great picture and sound quality. It was extremely easy to put together and the setup was painless. I would recommend this TV!!Great TV for the price
I've been wanting to upgrade from my 19-inch tv for a while. As a full-time college student, I can't afford to shell out the big bucks for a 32-inch so I waited for Black Friday. I saw this deal and thanks to Walmart, was able to buy at the Black Friday deal price online without all the hassle. This is also great because as a college student in DC, there are no easily accessible Walmarts. Contrary to the expected delivery time of 5 days, it came after only 2 days. It looks great in my room and can't get rid of my friends who come over to pay games and watch movies. My only complaint is that the remote has to be pointed directly at the bottom right of the tv to work.Great deal for a college student
Just love my new tv. The best thing is the channels change so fast when you hold the channel button down on the remote, you can go thur 60+ channels in about 5 seconds, no need to punch in a specific channel. Picture is good and tv is easy to wall mount (about 22lbs). I have had the set for 2 months with no issues.No more numbers!!!
I was pleased with the quality of the TV for the price it was a great buyA delightful gift
We are loving our new TV.Very nice tv for the price
This was my first flat screen TV purchase and I love it. Both the sound and picture are great!Great TV for the price
I have no complains at all at this time. Everything looks great at this time.32 Inch Septre TV Set
REASONABLE SIZE AND PICTURE. REASONABLE PRICE FOR PRODUCT AND LIGHT WEIGHT.GREAT PICTURE
Arrived 2 days early. My Mom loves it!Fantastic TV
This thing is fabulous, the picture is great, setting it up was easy, and I can't believe it was under $200! I saw TVs that were no better than this one, or even looked WORSE, for twice the price or more! Get this thing, before they realize how much more money they can get out of it!Love it, can't beat the price!!!
wish i had bought one for myself, instead of just a gift for my mom for her football games, shes93. :)got this for my 93 old momma for football games.
For the money this is the best 32in tv I've ever owned. I bought this one as a christmas present since I already owned one and knew they were worth every penny.Wont find a better 32in TV cheaper
ABSOLUTELY LOVE this TV!!!! Bought it for a great price and its a great quality!!! You may have to play with the color a little to get it right and if you can, tweek the picture size specifications to your liking. But all in all, an EXCELLENT BUY!!!GREAT TV!!!
Easy to set up and excellent color. We didn't need to adjust the color! There are lots of 32" T.V.'s out there, but for the great price, this one is an excellent value.Very Nice!
I bought this for my 16 year olds birthday room makeover. We had initially planned to mount it, but it has a great, smooth, easy swivel so we left it on the stand and he can swivel it depending on whether he is in his bed or sitting area. Great picture quality and color. Slim, and looks much more expensive than it really was.Great HDTV!
It meets my expectations and more. I love the flat screen and the features it has. I haven't even began to use all the features it has.I am very pleased I purchased this product.
I bought this TV and I love it! The only thing that I don't like is that there is only room for one plug in as in the three colored cord for a DVD player, Playstation, etc..Great TV for college
Over all the performance is good and the picture and sound quality is there..the person
is happy with it and recomends it.
thanksPurchase for a gift for relative
I would like to recommend this product to those buying expensive TV, this is really great and same quality to a branded and expensive TV, I was so impressed.nice TV
Unboxed.. plugged in with hdmi cable... watching TV in less than 10 minutes.
For the price you can not beat it...

Quality is picture perfectGreat Deal.. Great quality!
I recently purchased this tv sound is great but the red light that stays on is annoyinggood choice
Great sound - you don't need to turn it up to 60+ like my old tv. Picture can be seen from all angles - you don't get the shadows like some tvs. Great price for a 32" tv.Great TV
Much better picture and sound that expected for the price. Easy to assemble and full functional remote.Very good picture and sound quality.
easiest wal-mart purchase ever. in and out in less than 5 minutes. its the only way to shop.good picture, great for moving indoors and out.
This is a great quality TV at an excellent price. I read several reviews before purchasing this TV, all of which were positive. However, I was still amazed at the picture and sound quality. This TV is a great buy and an excellent quality product. I am completely satisfied with this purchase. 5 stars.High quality, great price
I bought this television for my mother, she only has a digitaL antenna, no cable the picture is incredible you have to adjust the sound, add some bass but other then that it's a great value.Great Picture for only 720p
I want another for myself.Great buy.
Best in the whole world, Price, got it all you need!!!Great
great hd tv for the money! i'm using a using computer speakers for exceptional theater sound!great value!
I was picking a TV for my parents who are not techy or particular. Now I am jealous. This TV is hooked to an HD antenna and is having wonderful reception, audio and video quality. Crystal clear picture, even better than when they were on cable. Easy set up and they can hook up their laptop in a second to stream video, watch a DVD, watch Netflix.Great value, exceeds expectations
This is a good TV for the price. It was very inexpensive and has a great sound and pic quality!!TV
I got this for black friday last year.. best buy ever.
Its great for the price.Cheap TV Works Perfect
I can't believe how great this TV is. I was really skeptical with the volume of a $180 TV especially when people complained about TV's that cost $100 more, but I couldn't be happier. This TV goes to 100, but I only have to run it somewhere between 20 and 30. I have my Playstation 3 hooked up to it through HDMI and the picture is spectacular. The only complaint is that all of the hookups are rear facing except for the RCA jacks. It would be really hard to hook up more peripherals that require HDMI without having to remove the TV from the mounting bracket. This TV is definitely worth the price!This TV is the best!
This TV is WELL worth the low affordable price. The sound, picture quality, and overall look are great. I would recommend this purchase to anoyone. I'm sold!Great deal!!!
I am very happy with this TV and started to buy another one to keep as a spare and still might. It even came with it's own screw driver and screen cleaner rag. Not that these are selling points, it's just how put together everything is in the box and ready for assembly which was simple. Bought it for my grandson and he loves it!Excellent TV
This is an excelent buy and I can't complain! I haven't had any problems and the picture is phenominal!Pretty awesome
A real nice T.V. so far, in all ways. I'm very glad i bought it.I'm glad i got it.
Bought this as a birthday present for my husband, we both love it. Nothing extra was needed. It sounds beautiful and has a great picture! Great price too!Sceptre 32" Class LCD
Looked around for an inexpensive TV for the commonn room of our small campground. Has worked out perfectly! Good picture, good sound, all is well.Just what we needed!
Couldn't be better, loving it.excellent
I was worried because I had never heard of this brand before but it is a great dealGreat tv for such a great price
Pretty good so far, have had it for 9 months and working great ( I only watch it on weekends though). I use it to send video from my computer for movies although the TV reception is good too. I bought it to replace an old 1994 crt tv so it is a BIG improvement. I am not a video nut so I did not want or expect top of the line stuff here...I live in a small apartment and this is a perfect upgrade from the old tv and it is plenty good enough for me. Even if it fails I am only out $200 bucks. I would recommend this to others.Good TV
nice tvvery nice tv
We bought this TV for use in our bedroom. Not being familiar with Sceptre products I wasn't sure what to expect but the price was excellent for a 32 inch TV. I was more than pleasantly surprised at the picture quality and ease of operation. I've only had the product for about a month but I am more than pleased at the quality and price.Great Product
I got a real bargain when I purchased this Sceptre TV. Never knew how good movies could look with HD. I had a really older TV and the picture was fuzzy. It was a 32 inch but wasn't a flat-screen. I don't know much about the mechanics of TV's but it was easy to put together and hook up and it fit perfectly into my TV cabinet. A real bargain for less than $200.Great TV....Great Price
Setting it up was a snap, it fits vary nicely in my living room, crisp clear picture and level 10 on volume is all I need. Found also that if I wanted too, I could connect my PC to this TV and have a 32 inch monitor which is also nice to know. I am thinking of purchasing the same and hanging on my wall for PC use. This a vary nice Flat screen TV for the price.Vary nice HDTV for the money!
We just moved into our house and it's perfect for the upstairs knook that we have, sweet looking TV and the sound nicely done.Great Flat Screen TV
We were looking for something that doesn't take up too much room but looks nice and has current features. We found that is this bargain! The description says 720p but the TV has a 1080 setting! We don't have it mounted, and I love how the TV swivels on its stand. Makes it easier to be moving wires around. (We aren't tech savvy, I am sure we probably don't even need to move wires around) Very happy with the purchase so far. We have had it for around a month and don't watch tons of TV.Great Value!
This is the best, the product (TV) came, the set up was easy wall mount was a easy installation over all I was very pleased.tv installer
We bought these to replace the old picture tube set our son had, and our daughters tiny 19" tv. I found out that the company had been making computer monitors for some time, and they had high ratings so I took a chance. I am simply amazed at this value! The ad and the box all rate these as 720p/1080i tvs, but when we hook the PS3 to the set it picks up the signal in 1080p at 60hz. I was stunned and found this to be consistent. Games and movies that broadcast at 1080p have done so every time. Couple this TV with the extended warranty, and you've got a 32" LCD value that can't be beat! We plan on updating the TV in our bedroom and purchasing an additional 2 more at least to update our basement bar with. We added the iLive sound bar to the sets, and they sound great. The built in speakers are so so, but that is any TV pretty much. The sound bar adds a tremendous increase in sound quality, plus it adds a decent FM tuner, port for your portable MP3 player or iPod type devices, and a good digital clock that's conventiently located for easy viewing. YOU CAN'T BEAT THIS DEAL!!!Excellent Value!
Amazing price and wonderful price!Wish I would of bought 2!
This TV is loaded with features. Obviously it's not 1080p but it still has a great picture and decent sound. This particular TV is in the workout room and it's great. Clear, sharp picture. Different input capability, a stand that allows the TV to swivel quite a lot... you can't beat it for the price. This will not and should not be your primary TV but for the guest room, workout room, or den? It's perfect.Great TV at a great price
excellent picture easy to set up and use, a very good product for a very good price.good basic tv a a very affordable price.
The picture is great, sound quality as well and the tv is energy efficient. Good value for the money paid.Great tv for the price
Great deal for a 2nd TV. The quality of the product far outweighs the price. Easy to set up, clear, crisp picture with no hassle.Great deal for a 2nd TV.
I love all the features this tv has ..great tv
Still had my old 19" tv in my bedroom, when one of the speakers blew out, we knew it was time to upgrade. My husband has been wanting to buy me a new tv for our bedroom and when we came across this deal, it was hard to overlook, especially for the price they were selling it for. We are very happy with it, except when we try to watch a dvd movie, it shows a bit darker then when watching cable tv. Other then that, very satisfying!Great TV for small bedroom
I purchased this TV to replace a smaller bargain television that was two years old. The sound was already going out. I do not use the HD feature but my picture quality and the sound are great and I am so pleased with this TV. It was easy to setup and connect to my existing auxiliaries. I haven't checked out the features of the television, hence the good rating on the features. Good buy for the money.Great value!
I write reports every week and this allows me to have 4 spreadsheets in full view at a time. No more eyestrain from having to have things reduced to the extent of having to strain to see the numbers.Perfect Monitor
It is actually the second TV I have gotten by Sceptre and I have loved them both and ordering online I got a great price for this one.Wonderful TV for any room of the house.
This TV only cost $179, but is a really good buy. It has an excellent picture and the sound is very good. The technician from my cable company was very impressed that I had bought a Sceptre. He told me it's an excellent product, which made me feel I'd made the right choice. I'd recommend it to anyone.Great TV for the money
I bought this as an early Christmas present to myself! So far, it has been great. Sound, picture, and easy set up makes this TV a great value and a wonderful purchase. I would recommend this TV to anyone on a budget or even to those not on a budget. I am very happy I made the decision to make this purchase.Great Value
Easy set up right out of the box. Simple channel setup. Tons of both analog and digital cable channels WITHOUT a cable box! Being used as a bedroom TV so sound quality is quite acceptable. Eye pleasing construction and finish that looks great on our media chest stand. At $210 delivered, its "bang-for-the-buck" value is hard (if not impossible) to beat! Thanks - Sceptre!Value for the money!
I've had this TV for about a month, and it is a great deal! No complaints whatsoever!!!Love it!!!!
I purchased this tv for my daughter's bedroom. Just received it today and it took less than 5 minutes to get out of package and set up. The base of the tv is a neat feature, since you can swivel the tv to different positions (left to right) without moving the whole tv. The picture and sound are great. Very happy that it has the amount of ports it does. Especially since it has an RCA, to hookup her VCR player. I was very happily surprised given the price of the tv and the bad reviews. The box was pretty banged up when I picked it up site-to-store but the tv was packaged very well. 5 stars since it well deserves it.Great TV
Easily set up. I have never hooked up tv before ,set this one up by myself . This is my first flat screen television ,so not much experience and have only owned it for 2 weeks. so far I like it very much!great picture, really bright
Great quality tv..just as good as more expensive brands. Easy to set up and use even if you have never set up an HD tv before. When hooking up a DVD player or game system make sure to plug into top red and white plugs as at first I did not have any sound. Remote control buttons are a little harder to push than other remotes I've used, but overall pleased with the 2 Sceptre tvs I've purchased.Impressive tv for price
this tv is working out great, i hung it on the wall great space saver, easy to mount, the tv was easy to set up out the box, decent picture, i read some reviews about the volume, i think the volume is really good. overall a nice tv at a great price,great tv at a great price
7/28/13 TV has been in our house for 7 months now and no problems. Hooked up only to a table top antenna and works great. Was hesitant to buy as never heard of this brand and a 32" TV for $200.00 unbelievable. Glad I purchased it for my son for Christmas. He loves it!!!Great TV for the Price!!!
I use this as an outdoor tailgating unit for the motorhomeGood TV
The only things that have been a slight disappointment are regulating the volume and I have not found a "last" button on the remote (for last channel). But for the price and the fact that everything else has been very good, I think this was a great buy. I would easily recommend the TV.Much better than anticipated
The picture is excellent and the sound quality is much better than I expected. It is perfect for the bedroom or small living room. This Sceptre 32 inch was the lowest cost HDTV that I found and it exceded all my expections. It is only 28 lbs with multiple types of inputs make it easly to install.For the price this is a great buy!
I am happier than I thought I would be with this tv. The price was very reasonable and the color and picture are outstanding. I like it so much I ordered another one for my bedroom. Thanks again Walmart.Great tv for the money
I have never ordered a "non" name brand product because, I usually only like to do things once... However after reading all the reviews I took the chance and boy am I glad I did, this TV is GREAT! It even came with a real screw driver, cleaning cloth and the stnkin batteries lol... FYI, this tv is made by Sony also, came across that while trying to sync the remotes up to the cable box remote... TREAT YOURSELF, THIS IS A GREAT GREAT TV AND $$... Im actually thinking about buying another one for my spare bedroom.. Enjoy!!OMG & THEN SOME!!
Very nice TV great picture. Very Very light amazing!TV/PC monitor Great
Has more than enough hookups for anything you want to hook up. Great picture and sound.Great TV
I purchased this TV for a replacement TV for my living room. At first I thought it would be to small but it is not. The sound is great. the picture is outstanding and is great for watching action movies.
If your looking for a TV at a great pirce this is the one for you.More then I first exeectad
I bought this TV back on March 8, 2012 and it is still going strong! I bought it for my boys' room, who are 7 and 4 years old! This TV has been knocked over a couple times, colored on with crayon and who knows what else it has been through when I am not in the room, but it is still working like it is brand new! The only complaint I have is the sound, it seems as though there is no happy-medium, one click up its too loud, one click down it is too low, but besides that, I am very happy with this TV.Great TV for the price!
Hard to believe this tv was only $179.00. It is an excellent value.great value!
I purchased a Sceptre 40" 1080P TV about a year ago, and was so impressed
with the oicture and sound quality, that I bought the 32" 720p as a present
for my wife to watch in the bedroom. It a great buy, in my opinion, and you
can't beat the very reasonably priced extended warranty.Another Outstanding Purchase
plays good sound is goodlove it
This Sceptre 32" T.V. is fantastic for the price walmart sells it at. The picture is crisp, the sound excellent. This is our first HDTV and we are very pleased.excellent product for price
Great TV! Great price! Plan to buy another one!Great value!
She loves it and was easy setup, great picture.Bought as a gift
I bought it for my son for Christmas and he loves it . And he is 50 and has had quite a few TV's over the years Very pleased with this purchase. Picture is perfectcompletely satisfied
I had purchased a higher brand name in a 40inch & was so displeased with the picture I ordered the Spectre in a 40 inch. I LOVED the picture & price was so good. I was a little unsure since I ordered on-line w/out seeing the pic. but I STRONGLY recommend this tv. I purchased the 32inch for my grandson because I was aware of how nice of a tv the Spectre is. So we now own 2 Spectre tv's.!! I believe that is a testament in itself. Great Value!!!Great picture & sound.
Since I've only had this new 32" Sceptre HDTV a few weeks my remarks will be limited. However having said that I am VERY PLEASED with this product so far! I had a little trouble understanding the Owners Manual but when my Time Warner Cable guy came out to install the HTMI cable, he not only gave me some advice on what the DVR box could do, he also showed me how to use the settitngs on the TV menu. This is my first HD TV and to be quite honest, I really don't see what the big deal is! As far as I can tell there just isn't much difference in the picture or the sound when viewing a station in HD or just on the regular channel.Great TV
Excellant picture on default settings.Really liked the swivel base.Unfortunately power light would not come on so remote would not work.Walmart gave me refund no problem.Unfortunately they were sold out of this set,so purchased Hitachi instead for about fifty dollars more.No swivel base and not nearly as good of picture.Just my luck!If I had the money I would buy another Spectre in a heartbeat.Just my luck!
Love the TV. The sound quality has been awesome. It was shipped promptly and came with the necessary tools to mount the TV or attach the base.Nice TV
I never write reviews but I am so impressed with this model/brand I had to. I bought this model and I bought Best Buy's competing Insignia model. I tried them both and compared them. Wow, what a difference. This Sceptre has a better picture, more features, more controls and adjustments possible (picture, etc)..AND it can play MP3s from a USB drive plugged into it...AND it can play those MP3s at the same time it plays a slideshow of your pictures on that same USB drive. The Insigina cannot do this. Hopefully this Sceptre will hold up for the long run.A bargain for the quality
I would buy it againGreat product
Love it, what can I say, but get one for a 2nd room...great buy, great TV. Love it.Great HD TV for the Price
Very happy with the look and style of this model. Picture quality is very clear at the price point that it was. Very affordable, very stylish, excellent picture quality, good sound. Would recommend to anyone regardless of your price point. Don't need to spend more if you don't have to.Complete Satisfaction
im very satisfiedgood deal for a great product
Seems to be working just fine, the size is great. Just wish I could find a TV made in America. Keep Americans working. The sound could be better.Nice TV for our daycare
Bought for my Son and he is thrilled. Easy setup and picture quality is awesomeSuper value that exceeds expectations..
Great HDTV, especially for the price. Great picture and sound! Would receommend to a friend to buy.Great HDTV
I can finally watch football and actually see whats going on!good tv value
My son,who's in NJ asked for a tv for Christmas! Although I would've like to take advantage of the blitz event tv's, I am very happy with my decision to purchase this tv,he loves it and the site to store option saved me on the shipping. I was very happy with how fast it arrived,which was sooner than expected! I have to say I will be doing more shopping for him this way,it is so much easier and convenient!!!Very happy
Bought it for our bedroom. Sound could be a little better- but overall we are happy with the purchase.great vaulue for the money
Got it for our bedroom and we couldn't be happier.THIS IS A GREAT TV AT A GREAT PRICE
Im not sure what I was expecting when I ordered this tv online but let me just say WOW! I am more than pleased with this purchase. I feel like I got more bang for my buck with this purchase than I have in a very long time. I was so impressed by the way the tv was packaged. Everything was neatly organized for easy installation and even includes a screw driver. As far as picture and sound, the regular cable channels werent as sharp but the HD channels are so crisp. I ONLY HAVE BASIC CABLE BTW so the fact that the tv picked up 165 HD channels tickled me pink!. The sound is pretty good. Its clear and it doesn't need to be cranked way up to understand whats being said. I am so pleased I may buy another for my sons room. This was a fantastic deal!WOW!!!!!
Love it. Not really crazy about HD makes everybody look fatmy first
I honestly wasn't expecting anything really good out of this TV so I was pleasantly surprised. I only watch a couple of things a week (no sports or super fast action) so I can't comment on how well it works for all types of programming, but it does just fine for regular shows. I have it set up about 8 feet from where I sit and the resolution and clarity is excellent. To me the sound isn't bad at all but I can see where someone who watches movies would want better and would probably own a surround sound set up anyway. I've only had it a month so I can't comment on longevity but so far so good.Great for price!
My tv got to me in only a few days.Quick shipping
This is the second Sceptre purchased through Wal-Mart. We were unaware that our signal via cable was inadequate with the first unit, but when a high definition box was added the results were all we could ask for. The exterior case on this TV is identical to LG and many components are from Sony which adds to its' value. In fact the cable remote device operates the TV using Sony code.A very good value.
This product is excellentn,a
This product is a great value. Would buy the same product again.Exceeded my expectations.
I bought this tv for my daughter's room to replace the old, heavy 27" she had. I didn't want it on her new dresser (old antique I restored). It is perfect. She is very excited about it and the picture quality is just as good as the 55" Samsung in the living room.
also have a 40" in my bedroom.Great tv
Wanted a LED TV that was able to be seen from lots of angles. This TV does well. Occasionally use it to display from a computer as well. Works well for what I am using it for.Nice LED TV for the price
It fix my bedroom and match everything in it and I'm enjoying my tv set.Great tv from the begainning very clear.
this flat screen is for you. I was leary of the purchase as I had not heard of this brand before, but decided to purchase it because of the low price. Every feature on this tv is top-notch and I would strongly recommend this product for your viewing pleasure.On a budget? Then...
I purchased the Sceptre 32" HDTV online from Wal-Mart. It was easy to setup and I've been very impressed with it. The picture quality and the sound quality are excellent. I'm really enjoying this TV.Excellent Television
Great TV at excellent price--bright, clear picture and great sound. The 32" is the perfect size for bedroom or den.Excellent TV (32" Sceptre X322BV-HDR LED
Easy to set up, beautiful picture and sound. Read the revues and bought the extended warranty just to be sure I will be covered in the future. I totally love it!32 inch Septre tv
This television is a great deal, nice sound, great color. easy to hang on the wall. Love it !Great television !
Got this tv for my son's Christmas gift. He loves it!Great TV for the dollar
TV was as advertised. Great price for LED TV. Picture quality is excellent.great picture
very easy to install, took only a few minutesnice tv
One of the best TV's that I have ever owned. I use this for a computer monitor and TV for my bedroomGreat TV and Computer monitor!
The unit arrived on schedule. It is for the garage and I have not opened the box or set up the unit. If the reviews are correct, it should be a good value. Just in case I have problems, purchased the four year warranty. Sometimes when the price just is too good to be true, buy insurance.Bought it on sale due to the price/reviews
Bought this tv to take to FL for bedroom. Great price for the 3 hdmi's. Will use as computer monitor when we returnGreat priced tv for an extra room
We were looking for an inexpensive flat screen TV to put in our senior attorney's office and came across this one for under $200! 32' and HD, we had to snatch it up. The picture is really good, not fantastic, but if you are not a snob when it comes to a crystal clear picture, you will be very happy. Its heavy and on the more thick side, but again, for the price it is well worth it.Excellent Price and a real bargain!
great value and great tv for my daughter's bedroomperfect tv for my daughter's bedroom
Works great. No issues at all. Also have a led version with built in dvd which also has been great.Great value
The sound is great. The tv is a little wobbly but, it is a swivel tv. Very nice tv and good price
.pretty good tv.
We bought this TV to use mainly as an external computer monitor for a Dell laptop. I've been using an earlier model at work for about a year and it's worked fine. With an HDMI cable the laptop will also put out audio through the TV.Sceptre X322BV-HDR 32"
i bought this to replace an older tv i wasuite amazed wit hthe quality of the picture and color having never heard of this brand before im quite impressed would reccomend this to anyone considering buy a new tvbeautiful color and picture
I love the picture, I love the sound, love the fact that it was fairly easy and quick to set up and that I got it within three days of ordering it, and I love, love, love the price. After weeks of looking at TVs in every store possible, we decided to take a chance on this one and figured if it was lacking in comparison to the name brands we would return it and spend the extra money to purchase a name brand.

Honestly, I can't see a difference between this and the name brands we saw in the store.

However, before this we had an old school TV in both the living room and bedroom, so this was our first flat screen even (the old ones just wouldn't quit), and so we were watching previously on something rather primitive - lol. They both died at just about the same time, so we bought the 32 inch to try it, with the idea that we will eventually buy a bigger one for the living room and move this into the bedroom.

I will stick with this brand though, from going to the stores and looking at the TVs playing, I just can't see a difference between this and the higher priced ones, so I don't see a need to pay more for what I think is essentially the same product.

It is only the second day with the new TV, so I have not used any features or anything like that yet.Love this TV
Great picture and sound quality. Highly recommended!Highly recommended!
This was purchased as a gift to replace a broken TV. While it isn't one of the high-end TVs, the picture and sound quality are very good and you can't beat the price.Great value for the price
The sound is okay, overall it's good, but I plan to buy speakers for it. The tv itself is great. The picture Is crystal clear! This is my first flat screen tv, and I'm really glad I picked this tv.Very sleek
This T.V. is the perfect size for our grandchildren's playroom.
It works with all their add ons, such as X-box, and various other
gaming devices.Great HDTV for child's playroom.
This TV is really great value for the price. Picture and Sound is better than I expected. Was not looking for a TV with a lot of bells and whistles so this was a terrific purchase.Great TV for the Price
This is my first HDTV and I was nervous about it at first. Never heard of the brand before. The TV is very light, easy to carry, easy to install. The hookup is very simple and easy to understand. I would highly recommend this tv and this brand.Nice price, good picture
Cannot beat the quality for the price. Very pleased with the TV. I could not believe they even included a screwdriver in with the package to put the stand together.Great TV for the price
This TV arrived quicker than we expected. We are very pleased with the quality of this TV.wonderful 2nd TV
I purchased this tv for my live-streaming and video-phone conference meeting. Nothing is too fancy and cheap. Great quality for my need.Great TV for conference meeting
Picture quality is great, sound is just as good. Easy to hook up. Love itGreat HDTV for our bedroom.
great tv for size and picture it fits perfectly into my lifelove it
Picked this TV up for the bedroom. It is a good size and the picture quality is excellent. For the price, you can not beat this TV. The brand might not be well known, but so far it is a great value and I do not forsee any issues from it. I would recommend this TV to anyone.Great TV for a great price.
This is by far an excellent bargain for the price you can't beat it! It's just an average LCD TV it serves it purpose we are happy.A Nice Television
THE PRICE WAS RIGHT EXCEPT I BOUGHT ONE IN SEPT.1023 AND I PAID $179.00; THIS TIME I HAD TO PAY MORE($189.00). iT'S VERY EASY TO PUT ON IT'S STAND, I DID IT MYSELF. EASY INSTRUCTIONS.GREAT TV
this was a great buygreat brand
nice TV , we love itgreat TV
TV shipped free to my home in just a few days, and it was packed well. Setup was very easy and fast. The picture and sound exceeded my expectations for what I paid for the tv. Now if it will last, I'll be very happy with my purchase. I wouldn't hesitate buying another for a spare bedroom.Happy with purchase, all good here.
Using this TV for the bedroom TV.Great TV
We have a larger HDTV in the living room but my wife hates football. I purchased this set for our office so I could watch football while she has the living room to herself. I had never heard of the Sceptre brand but, for the price, I decided to give it a try. Boy am I glad I did. I must admit that when I first hooked it up I was not impressed with the standard definition picture. I had an HD-DVR installed a couple of days ago and WHAT A DIFFERENCE. The picture is outstanding, the setup was easy and I could not be happier with what I got for what I paid. This may be the best buy I have ever made on a TV set.Super buy!
Awesome 32" Television. Easy setup, great look, good sound. First HDTV and so far it has been a good experience. This TV also carries a 1 year warrentee which is better than some of the other brands. Best bang for the buck out there!!!Great Television
So Far, loving it.Tv
I was not sure what to expect but I was very pleased with this television.Great television for a great price.
We had one and we decided to buy one for my parents...they loved it! Sometimes my screen will go green if I flip quickly thru the channels..not sure why. I turn it off and it is back to normal. Cant beat the price of the extra warranty. Havent had to use it. I hope it is as easy to use.Bought it for father and mom
May be user error but cant figure out auto closed caption when mute is pressed. Seems that it can only be done through setup w it on or off. Using HDMI cable if that matters.Met 95% of my requirements w an excellent price.
I am so happy with my new Tv it works great for the money I made.Great TV
Excellent buy...the color could be sharper but overall a good buy1st flat screen
This TV was very easy to attach to a wall mount and set up. Since we bought a wall mount, we didn't have to assemble anything on the television itself, other than hooking the power and satellite cords.Great TV for our bedroom.
Great quality TV but just the sound can be better. STILL its worth buying and I will definitely by another even though I'm wayyyyy in the Bahamas.Great buy on a budget. WORTH IT!!!!1
I have to say that so far, I'm very happy with this TV. I've finally upgraded from a heavy, fat-back TV to one that is slimmer, and light-weight. The picture is brilliant. The sound is a little off, but it's all good after you tweak the equalizer a little. My only complaint is the remote it came with; I don't know how to program it and the instruction manual isn't very helpful. All it says is that it "follows Sony's programing code" and that I would have to "refer to my universal or cable/satellite remote manual". Still, I love this TV.

I'll try to remember to make an update a little while from now.Not a bad price. Not a bad product
This was a birthday gift for a relative, so I must wait for a review from her when she uses it.....which is a little time offSeems to be more than acceptable in all ways..
I was hesitant at first as I knew nothing of the manufacturer. Read the reviews and decided to give it a try. So far I am pleased.Glad we made the purchase.
The TV is great... It fits in a corner in my room just perfect..Great TV... Just the right size for my room...
very good tv for the pricevery good tv
This is a very nice TV for the money. Easy easy setup. Connect to Direct-tv with Sony code 10111. I have ordered a second one for my Grandson.This is really nice TV.
We just needed a second tv for the kids gaming. The picture quality is excellent for tv and games. Plenty of connections for the things we have and any future additions.better than expected
Very easy to set up and program. I am very happy with this TV.Well worth the money
Awesome tv for the price! Big and clear picture!Love it
I read reviews and researched lots of tv's before choosing this one. I am very happy with my choice. easy to assemble yes came even with a screwdriver, picture is great, easy to add my satellite tv service, adding a dvd player was a breeze.. we use it in the bedroom, our first flat screen and the grand kids love it as well.EASY TO ASSEMBLE! LOVE THE PICTURE
Really great for the price. Perfect for watching stuff on my laptop with the hdmi cable!Great tv
We love our new tv! Was great for the price. Would definately recommend to a friend!!Great
The first tv quit working after a couple of days. We had to return it and received another a few days later. So far its works perfectly.good tv for the price
bought to replace kid's old tube 20" tv... wow night and day they love it.. the only complaint I would have would be that it took so long for site-store but it was still here before the deadline they give you so not like they lied to me or something.. i'm just inpatient.. lol. picture is great, sound is good(could be better but for price not bad).kids love this tv
I ordered this product on Thanksgiving mornig. The website was easy to navigate through and the entire process was complete in under 10 minutes. Fed-ex had the product delivered in less than 4 days!!!! Impressive. The Thanksgiving online deal I received on this fantastic television has all of my friends turning to walmart online!!! Fantastic product!! Fantastic experience!!!Terrific Buy. Ease of ordering. Fast delivery.
I purchase this TV for my son who is station @ Fort Lewis ... He very happy with the 32" TV he said it has a great picture / sound ... He's a happy Soldier !Happy Soldier
Has a great picture I am very satisfied with itgreat value, TV is working great
Such a great picture on this tv. It was inexpensive but you could not tell love it!!! Bought this product after we had purchased a 42inch tv of the same brand. Could not be happier!Amazing!!!
I bought one LED Sceptre 32" HDTV last winter. It is good. This year I bought another one but LCD HDTV. So far, I'm very satisfied with it.I'm satisfied...
Very good buybetter than expected
Our Sceptre tv has an awesome picture quality and it was a great deal. I'm glad that we purchased this item.Great Deal
I would recommend this item highly to. anyone,
wanting, a great value for their money.Really great value, !!o
This is way better than i expected! The sound is even better than my parents 52 inch sanyo! Love it!perfect for price
I purchased two of these for my kids rooms and they absolutely love them!Great!
im so glad i got this item...n dont regreat it.its vision its relieble.it does its job very worthy.it doesnt compare to the one i had before.it delivers quality sound n it was delivered extremely fast.dont missout on it..its a must have!!welldone quality
This tv is the best you can buy for the price. It has everything I need. The shipping was free and the instructions are clear as water.best tv for the price
Great TV. Clear picture and very well made.Awsome
For the price and quality this was a great buy.the price is right.
This tv is great. The picture is beautiful and it was easy to hook up.
Totally recommend this tv.Great buy
Nice TV for the price. Picture quality is good, set up was easy, assembly was simple. Very satisfied with purchase and would recomment this to a friend or family.Excellent quality and price, very happy with it!
Works great and does everything I needed it to do and more.Great TV, good value
I was really happy with my choice of buying this tv. I had heard of the brand before so I decided to give it a try. The picture is great and it turns on quickly. The sound could be better, when I'm playing a game or watching a movie, loud sounds make a static type noise almost like feedback. I had an extra soundbar so I hooked that up to it and the problem was solved. I am overall extremely pleased with this purchase, and happy I saved a good bit vs a better known name brand.Great TV for the price.
I bought this TV for my daughter's room. The picture is clear and she was ecstatic! The price was just right cheaper than smaller TVs in our local Walmart.Very Satisfied
I bought this for my mother and she loves it. She says the picture is really nice.Mother day gift
This is a great value. I purchased for my 20 year old for her first apartment. She loves it. The price I paid was excellent. This super value allowed me to help my daughter get started in her new place and allowed me to stay within my budget. My daughter loves her new TV. Great quality.Great Value
I think this is a great tv. Good picture and sound and cannot beat the price.
We put this in our 5th wheel trailer and just love it.great tv
I love my HDTV Flat screen. Great picture and sound. TV is no longer boringA great size to watch HDTV programming at a great
I love this tv. I waited until it went on sale and its worth every penny. I will be getting this brand in a bigger size for my living roomawesome tv
This weighed less than 30 lbs. and I set it up in no time. It connects to the computer and everythingAwesome
Excellent picture great price lite weight free shipping great buy for the moneySceptre 32''
Arrived really fast. Picture and sound very good quality.nice
while this was a great buy , my "in store pick-up" was lacking promptness and knowledgeable employees.great buy
One heck of a television for the price of $214.00(including tax). Good picture, sound everything.Love it
I'm not a television expert, in fact I hadn't owned a television for a few years until I purchased this one. It has everything I was looking for and at a $200, how could I go wrong. Very pleased with it.Great for the price.
great picture, was very easy to setup, am very happy with this purchaseexcellent price
Nice picture showinggreat t.v for my teenage son
Great TV, more than happy with the product. Picture quality can be improved by playing around with the settings. Standard settings are pretty flat, but once you tweak the display settings, the picture can actually be quite nice. Can't beat the price for a 32 inch TV. Would highly recommend to anyone in search of a 32" on a budget. The sound is as basic as it could be on any flat screen, just connect to a sound system, and your set.Great TV, can't beat the price!
The picture and sound quality are exceptional.I was pleased with the online shopping with site to store.My t.v. was delivered and available sooner than expected.I love my T.V.
I'm very happy. Love that it swivelsGreat TV
This was my mom's Christmas gift, and we were not disappointed, I also bought a HDMI cable which made the pictures outstanding. The sound could be a little louder, but it is perfect for a bedroom. This tv gives a better picture than the other brand name tvs in my home. I highly recommend it.Excellent choice
This product is great at the price I got it forVery useful
The picture is very clear, remote easy to use. It was easy to hang and we love it being off a table.It is well worth what we paid for it
Perfect size for my daughters room. Picture is awesome. She's gonna be so stoked when she sees it!! Woot woot!Perfect for daughter
This T.V. is an awesome value I haven't had any issues. The quality of the picture is great especially since the upgrade and the customer service is also great had it for a year I would purchase another television from this company. My mother has a Sony and I don't see any huge differences in her television I definitely recommend it to anyone who is looking to purchase a nice t.v. at a reasonably low price.Awesome value
This TV is great for the price. The sound and picture quality is good.Great TV
I LOVE THE TV BUT THE SOUND IS NOT VERY GOOD ONLY BECAUSE I HAVE TO TURN IT SO HIGH TO HEAR IT. OTHER THAN THAT THE TV IS A GOOD DEAL FOR THE PRICE.GREAT TV FOR THE PRICE
High quality flat screen at a very reasonable price. Would recommend this product to family and friends.Good choice for customers new to flat screen tv's
I'm very happy with the TV I purchased. I would buy another if I had the moneyHappy Purchase
I just bought my 2nd Sceptre 32" 720p since it was on clearance and I was thinking of getting a tv for the guest bedroom. I have had my 1st one for about 1 1/2 years now and the picture and sound is still great. My husband likes to have the tv on all night long and since he is retired, he takes his little senior naps with it on so it is virtually on more than its off. I have a 50" Panasonic in the living room and this one can run with the big boys. For the reasonable price it sells for I may just get a 3rd one for a back up.Great value
Set this tv up a few days ago. Compact size is great. So far every thing is working great. Well worth the money.Replacement tv
The brand is an unknown for me but along with the service plan I figure I can't go wrong. My experience with the product for the 1st week has been very good - actually exceeds my expectations.Very pleased
I love my new TV.First flat screen
love it!Great TV
Great product. Grest value!love it
I purchase this TV for my 5 year old sons room, So the price was just right to spend for a child room. The picture is very clear and the TV has a menu that is easy to read and set whatever settings you chose for your TV.Great Purchase for the price
Great buy, fits perfectly in my daughters room. Good picture, sound, easy to set up and easy to use. Highty recommendedGreat fit for my daughters bedroom. Great buy!
This is a great TV, price is amazing and even at 720p the picture is crisp. I have this connected to Direct TV, the only problem i had was programming the universal remote, i could not find the code that allowed TV and Box to the turned on at the same time, so TV just has to be turned on separate then flip switch up top back to cable box, not a big deal

FYI - This TV uses Sony codes as Sceptre uses a lot of Sony parts in their TV's!Great TV for a Great Price
I purchased this tv for someone as a gift and at first that person wasn't pleased that it was a 720P that I should've purschased a 1080P but when we hooked it up to our suprise the picture quality was great and the sound...so I would recommend this tvPretty good tv
Easy to set up, picture is clear and it works great. I'm happy so far.Great television, bought it for my mom.
Very good Picture and easy to set up. Connected to cable box and VCR for my grandaughters movies.
Would recommend.Great Price, Great TV
I used this tv to replace an old 27" tube type in my bedroom. It is a breeze to set up as the only thing you need to put together is the stand which is configured in such a way that mechanically handicapped people can master this task easily. Then, just plug it in and let it cycle once to detect channels and it is set to go. I spent about 30 minutes opening box to walking out of a completed job. As for the picture and sound? Not theatre quality but plenty good enough and cheap enough for a bedroom late nite show type application. I think one would have to have pretty keen eyesite in order to detect the difference between 720 and 1080 and that is not me.720P works for me
I hope it lasts. A friend of mine has one and it has lasted a couple of years without any glitches, so we shall see...First flat screen TV and it is a beauty.
Using it for my computer monitor - don't even need my glassesI love it!
Bought this TV for a bedroom. The picture is great. Set up was a breeze and the TV arrived three days after I ordered it. I used the standard shipping and did not pay for expedited shipping.
I would probably purchase a larger one if I ever have to replace my main TV.Great Price, Excellent Picture, Fast Shipping
I watch tv in my garage when I work so it was a great deal for me.Good deal for the price.
Very afordable price thanks Walmarta very helpful product
I can't believe this 32 inch TV was less than $200. Great picture, decent sound, and has three HDMI ports: mine connects to Blu-Ray player, satellite TV receiver, and Home Theater PC. Been using for a few weeks and worked superbly right out of the box. Great buy!Excellent for Under $200
Good tv. However the way it's shipped is not cool. It's just in the actual tv box. I assumed it would be in another box covering the obvious that it's a tv. So I had a tv sitting in front of my home while I was gone all day. Anybody could have taken it.Good tv
We purchased the television for the bedroom. It fit perfect in entertainment center .Great picture and sound . And fir the price it was well worth it.Great tv for the price.
I absolutely love my new TV! It's the right size, the picture is awesome! The features are great! Can't wait to see what else this baby can do!My first Flat Screen Tv
Easy great good picture good sound and shipped to door FREE! And MADE IN USA everybody better buy one of these SCEPTRE aka MADE IN USA for next 37 yrs!!Best bang for buck's
This is a great television, brought it for our mom for mother's day.
It is the perfect size for her. It has an excellent picture quality.
The price is also great, delivered at home, easy setup.
Mom loves the television. Would definitely recommend this
television.Great television
For what I paid for it, it exceeds my expectations.Price for quality
I was a little leery about buying this TV after reading some of the reviews, but I went ahead and got one for my son and his roommate for their dorm room. I figured it wouldn't kill them if it didn't work well. Well, it has worked fine and they love it (I have mixed feelings about that!). Anyway, This one works great for us.Great TV, No problems!
This TV was bought to replace an older model model that played out. I love it. It does everything I need without the huge price of some other brands. The picture is sharp and the color is great.Great picture for the price
I got this tv recently on clearance and it is well worth the price. Picture and sound are great. Easy to set up too.Great tv for the price.
The size is perfect for my bedroom! The definition and color are precise! I love it!Great TV great price!
Bought this product exclusively for use as a computer monitor and it has exceeded expectations for the price I paid.Good product for the price
awesomeyeah
I bought this as a replacement for the one in the master bedroom. I already have a Sceptre 40" in our living room, which I bought on Black Friday 2011. Really with both of them I have been happily surprised. For an off market name they produce a sharp picture and reasonably good sound. The 40" does sound better than the 32", however this is not a big issue. Great price, easy to assemble, easy and straightforward remote. For the price you cannot go wrong at all. I am glad that I have two of them.Great Buy
TV is great , color is very good, much better than I thought it would be. I am looking for a bigger one for den.great tv
32" Sceptre HDTV Works perfect Recommend this 2 a friendFirst Great Deal
I have been meaning to buy a tv for my bedroom for a little over a year now, and this tv is the perfect size for my bedroom! It is under $200 and is pretty good quality for that price! I am very satisfied.Great TV for the price!
Awesome sound (surround) was blown away; you hear everything, and it is a very LOUD TV. Picture Quality of LED HDTV above Exceptional! Great Buy from Walmart! For the money you can't go wrong!Hands Down Best HDTV for the Money
THIS IS A GREAT PRODUCT FOR THE MONEY, MY BROTHER SAW MINE AND HE ORDER ONE.
MY FRIEND ALSO ORDERED ONE.WOW
Great tv for the price. Was easy and fast online.Great TV
Sorry for getting back to this review so late, but the Scepture t.v. works great. At first I didn't think anything was inside the box. That is how light it was. I would recommend to anyone. Thanks.Great T.V.
I have this great TV hooked up presently to a Roku player, and I have the picture setting on VIVID, and the colors are beautiful and sharp. You have 3 HDMI's, VGA port for pc hookup, headphone port, and component/composite ports for practically everything you have. The higher end TV's with their high prices can't compete with these features, and for the price you are paying, you are getting a GREAT tv. Don't hesistate. Buy it!Love This Sceptre TV
I bought it primarily as a computer monitor; the connections were there and hookup was easy. 720p no problem--superVGA still crisp. Used video connections to VCR so could play old tapes; they play great--esp the letterbox format. My player does have a resolution up-converter, so that may help--not sure how would look using an older VCR.Great for use as a computer monitor.
This TV was great for the price! Easy set up and good features. Nice bargain!Great buy!
Great buy. The sound was surprisingly good. Very nice disinction. I would recommend this TV.Great TV for the money. The sound was surprising.
I love this TV. I am going to buy another one next month for my bedroom. I highly recommend it.Works great.
Was a great price for a 38" and everything works great.Picture is great.
I bought this TV as an extra for my basement and the picture is nice and clear. For the price you cant go wrongnice picture for the price easy to set up
Hi. I received this as a Christmas gift from my wife. Just hooked it up because we were in a move.Great gift
Easy to operate and great picture.Great deal for the price
the overall view is perfectthe picture is perfect
This TV was bought for an extra bedroom and is great for the price and what it doesGreat TV for the price!
Good picture, sound and outstanding price!Great TV
I brought the product from reading other buyers comments and once setup on the new TV stand the picture and ease of setup was phenomenon . The product is as good as advertise and the price is great.excellent LED flat screen for the price with great
GreatGood tv
I like the tv and the picture quality.Nice TV worth its money
We are in the country & needed a TV to use with security cameras but we also have a DVD player to watch movies. It is the perfect size (32") for our need.Great TV to use with security cameras.
Wanted a tv I could watch in bed before I fall asleep...but didn't want to spend a fortune...this was the cheapest tv...yet, the picture, sound, everything was great..I would definitely recommend it and would purchase for another room, if need be.Great TV for the price...
I'm pleasently surprised in the vaue that this T.V gave for the price. I like it !!!good T.V
GreattvGood
Bought this tv for my bedroom. Use it everyday and so far no issues. Good picture quality. Very pleased with my purchase.Great for the price
easy setup,very clear and resolute picture and a great valueSEPTACULAR
I already have a 46 inch flat screen for the living room and needed something bigger than my old tube 19 inch in the bedroom. I chose this Sceptre X322BV-HD and am pleasantly surprised! The picture quality is good but the sound quality is FANTASTIC! Overall value is great as well. I am very, very happy with the purchase and the convenience of ordering this through WalMart and receiving free shipping to store. Thank youFantastic Bargain for a flat screen!
This product surprised me for the price. I was able to hook my computer up using this television for my daughter's bedroom and her dvd player. Nice price too.Great buy
These are great tv's and very easy to set up. And very lightweight! I'm 65 and I have no problem setting up these tv's. They're very user friendly.
I now have two of them and I'm very happy with both. The newer one has more and better ports for other A/V equipment.This is my second Sceptre tv from Walmart
Received in a timely fashion and is an excellent product. Picture quality is excellent - very nice TV.Excellent item
Completely happy with the purchaseGreat inexpensive tv
I purchased 1 last yr and was so pleased with the quality that purchased another an am very please with it equally.Excellent
I have the TV for a couple of weeks now, so far everything is working great..I like the idea that it's lightweight..I mounted mine on the wall, looks very nice in master bedroom...If your looking for an inexpensive n lightweight TV, I would recommend this one....Great Price!!
It was a great buy. The slim bezel makes the tv look even bigger. picture has a wonderful bright colors.excellent
Picture is better than my previous TV when it was NEW. More capabilities than I chose to use!Great picture
i really like this tv. would like if it had tv progamm summary like my mitsubishi big screen but other than that its a great tv ,,great sound ,great picgreat tv for the money
great value and delivery was quicker than expected. I am very happy with the purchaseTV
It arrived the next day. Easy to install. Awesome picture. Add ons easy to install i.e. DVD.Nice T V
great product, great price, excellent picture & soundgreat buy
Just rec'd our TV and was "very impressed" with sound and amazing picture. Just followed the ..SIMPLE instructions and there appeared an amazing picture. Would highly recommend this brand! Never had before, but when calling my cable company to have them do their part on tuning in the HD the cable company person said that the Sceptre's are know for their Picture quality. Very true. Hope we have many years of a beautiful picture. For the price, it can't be beat!Never had a Sceptre, what a score !!!
Nice Picture, I just need a better antenna, the in-door antenna isn't very good, I'll be buying an outdoor antenna soon.Nice TV
Terrific tv for the priceGreat quality for an excellent price
I am very satisfied with this hdtv. Paid $209 after xmas and mounted with a 29 dollar mount from amazon. Looks great working very well. Remote codes easily found. Works exactly as advertized. Got via (ship to store) for free shipping. Box looked rough but unit works just fine. This tv is made to work with HDMI and digital cable. For all of you wieners that bought this tv and hooked it up to analog cable, then no wonder the picture look grainy.

Getting 3 HDMI ports at this price sold me on this deal. Most only have 2 ports at this size.

Don't hesitate to buy this TV and hook it up to digital cable. I have U-verse and it looks great on the HD channels.

Only con I have for this tv is that the speaker is in the rear. The sound bounces off the wall and sounds fine. There are many acoustical settings in the setup that can be changed for better sound. If you don't take the time to set it up correctly then don't complain if the audio sounds tinny.

Was able to get a 27 dollar warranty though http://www.squaretrade.com for 3 years.

Good luckGreat TV with 3 HDMI for the price.
Needed a tv for my guest room. this is perfect and for the money, you absolutely cannot go wrong.Great Deal
This TV was working great until I must have hit a button and now it will only stay on for 3-5 seconds up til 3-5 minutes. It then shuts down automatically. Can anyone help me get this TV back up and running. The picture is perfect when it starts up but shuts doown unexpectfully.
Thanks for any help.+32" Sceptre TV
Better than I expected for this price. I recommend this Unit for to all.very efficient product
Love this TV, it's a perfect addition to our bedroom!!!Very easy set up
I am enjoying my HD flat screen tv.Great tevevision
Only had it for a month or so and in my MBR so not used all the time. Great value...seems to work goodfor bedroom
This TV is used as a second one in the house. The picture is clear and the color is good. The plug-in features cover all our needs. I did not read the manual before I got frustrated with the remote. The remote sensor is on the left corner, not the usual center placement. I am very pleased with the quality I got for the price I paid that fit my budget perfectly.Very good value
Bought this 2 months ago to replace an old TV that was going out. Figured since I was paying so little for it that its quality would be sub-par, but it has far exceeded my expectations. Its every bit as good as my Vizio TV. My only complaint is that it has only one set of RCA jacks, so if you plan to hook up multiple game systems just plan on either using HD or having to get an RCA switcher box.Great TV for the money.
I love this television. For the amount it cost it was definitely the best buy. I really love that it has a swivel for a base so it rotates to different angles.Great Picture quality
My only complaint with this tv is the sound is too loud on 1. It is my bedroom tv and it is hard to fall asleep with it on like I am accustom to doing.I love a bargain!
I bought this for my bedroom, which is my primary TV watching location. This was my first flat panel HDTV. I've been shopping around for a long time but the prices were still too high. I found this online and bought it immediately. The first thing I noticed was how incredibly light it is. I was able to carry the box one-handed using the built in handle. In comparison, it took 2 of us to move the 27" TV I was replacing.

Once I got it home, it only took moments to get it up and working. My only concern is that the stand seems a little flimsy. I'm glad I don't live in earthquake country.

Several other reviews mentioned problems with the sound, and I almost bought a sound bar before the TV was delivered, but I'm really glad I waited. I think the sound is just fine. It blasts me out of the room at 10 (out of 100).

I was so happy with it that I bought a second one for my son's room, and am thinking about getting my daughter one as a graduation present next month. I also recommended this to a friend who was complaining about her husband hogging their 1 TV to watch sports. It was in her price range, so she purchased one, too.Would I recommend this to a friend? I already did
The tv has been amazing for what we paid for it. I read all the reviews for it and was a little bit nervous to get and was going to give it a week and return it if it was bad but now I am so happy we have it. The sound on it is really good in my opinion. It is clear and travels well. The picture, I think is really good. It isn't as great as the top notch tv brands but for what I paid I couldn't be happier. It has a ton of HDMI ports on it as well, I think three, so that makes it really nice as well.super good tv
It Doesn't Matter the Brand, this T.V. works excellent. I like itGreat Quality
I'm very pleased with the overall quality of this TV.Great quality for the price
I bought three of these tvs because they were so affordable. I have one in my room, guestroom, and son's room. Love them. great quality and super light weightGreat Purchase
beautiful color, i It was on sell that's why i bought it, Well Worth what i paid for it. TV's ARE OVER Priced as it is, If Its not on Sell i wont buy it.SCEPTRE 32" TV
We are happy with our purchase!Great TV
Entirely reasonable in price. Terrific quality in pic and sound.Easy set-up, great picture and sound
I found that this TV is made by Sony, and it has all the accomplishments of Sony, I had to tweak the picture size, and the sound to AVL, after that it was on, I love the swivel ability that it has great picture Great TV for the price, I would highly recommend it...Great Product for the price
I purchased this HD LED TV for my pre teen daughter and it was perfect. Great picture, good sound & excellent price.Great HD TV for the price!!
The tv is a great value. I love the thin profile and and the 3 HDMI hookups. It has a great picture and the sound is great with the sound bar.Very good value
I read some of the reviews and because of the price I knew I was taking a risk but could always return if I had any issues. I got lucky! The picture is just terrific and the sound is fine for what I paid for it. Have only had it for a couple weeks so still have the receipt. But overall, its great.I got lucky!
for my bedroom a great value and good quality TVgreat bedroom T.V.
Great TV for price.Great tv for the pric(e.g. A very helpful product)
I wasn't sure what buying a brand I never heard of, but it's a great TV and is work really wellGreat TV for the price
For what you pay for this tv, and the fact that its a knockoff brand anyway, it's a great deal and an all around great tv. I'm sure there's some aspects I won't like in coming months, but for now, to use with an Xbox, it's a great tv.Good for it's cost!
It's a TV for our bedroom and seems to work great. No biggie but when you turn it on Sceptre comes on the screen for a few seconds, guess advertisement, kind of annoying. Just bought a larger Samsung for the main TV and that doesn't. We use this TV also for choosing our Sirius stations which I have piped thru our receiver and we get from Dish Network. We only watch the TV a couple times a week at night for an hour or two.Happy so far don't use it allot.
Simple operate, connect easy to my cable provider, meet services connection required simple-mind for please cable provider of mine; my eyes are damage due from store ugly irresponsibility from major national chain that my mother & brother from Hong Kong know that when arrived San FRancisco to very anger on me for I did not care of my own eyes for failure to push the store to make improvement then my family refuse to buy new for replacement while was in California 2013 September we had fight between family of my own so I am glad Wal Mart let my eyes can take an easy to watch tv then I LOVE WAL MART has nothing overwirte for now.Wider oepn next to edge can allow my eyes easy.
Only had it for a few weeks now but so far so good. The price is hard to beat and the the picture quality is excellent. Great DealGreat Deal
I AM VERY PLEASED WITH MY NEW TV. I AM ALSO PLEASED WITH THE PRICE. CYBER MONDAY WAS WORTH THE WAIT. SO PLEASED THAT I BOUGHT 2.GREAT TV FOR THE PRICE
Awesome TV the setup was easy and a screwdriver is included how convenient. Its not listed bestseller for nothing. Oh, the stand rotates and it also comes with a red microfiber cloth.Add to cart
I have a visio 42 in in my living rm and the sound sucks, had to get a surround sound systm to make up , but this tv I bought for my bedroom is really great, for a 720 tv the pic is perfect and the sound is great , never heard of this tv before but the price for a bedroom tv was good and took a chance and now thinking about changing my living room tv to this brand, Really luv this tv, really, a great tvgreat tv
I was looking for a replacement TV for my bedroom, so didn't want to spend a lot of money, yet wanted LED technology. When I found this TV I wasn't sure because while the price was right, I was unfamiliar with the brand. I contrinued reading the reviews, and they were all positive so I went ahead and purchased this model. I received it on time, it was easy to set-up, and they even give you a little screwdriver! The picture is crystal clear, and the sound increases in small increments, which I find helpful in the bedroom. Also, it has a sleep timer which is very handy at night! I would not hesitate to recommend this TV to anyone looking for a great LED television!Excellent Picture!
I have no issues with the 32" Sceptre TV!Worth the money spent.
I love the TV. It is a good price and I have it in my craft room and now I can watch my favorite shows while I do my projects.Just my TV
Great TV for the price! All we wanted was a basic TV for the bedroom and this fit the bill. The picture is clear and vivid, especially with high definition. If their were any cons, it would be the sound, which has very little bass which really isn't an issue. I would definitely recommend this product. The shipping only took two days and it arrived all in tack, for free!Better Than a Vizio or Samsung
Picture quality is even better than I remembered in the store! It was a snap to set up as well! We love it...!Great Product! I'm so happy about this TV!
Fantastic picture. A top shelf LED set. If you like Sony TV you cannot go wrong with the Sceptre it is a Sony set less the Sony price.Fantastic
Awesome product, crystal clear sounds and picture, built-in digital channels-super crisp signal, USB port awesome, overall I love this product. Must buy!beyond expectation
This was my Christmas present to myself. Never heard of this brand. They have great customer service. Very happy with this TV !!!!!!!Great TV, Great Price !!!!!!!
Perfect tv ......but the sound needs to be upgradedgreat tv for the money
I haven't heard much about Sceptre and I was kind of nervous about ordering this tv but im glad I did. The Picture is Beautiful. I recommend this tv to anyone. Its an Led Tv too. Kind of thin but not too thin. I Love it.I Love this Tv...
Like most of the reviews, I can only say these are better than great buys for your money. I originally bought a 50" for my home which was great right out of the box and has been since I got it 8 mos. ago. I then purchased another 50" for my business along with two 32" TV's as well.

If you looking for a great buy, this is it! The parts are from Sony but without the name and frills. I have less than $1,100.00 in all 4 TV's even with the warranty plans!My 4th Sceptre in 6 mos. Love them!
Great TV for a brand I was not familiar with. It was shipped with another unfamiliar brand site to store - great timing and price. Both TVs have great quality. Very happy.Great TV
Tv arrived in good condition, nice picture, easy installation, good price. Very satisfiedGood buy
Everything works exc. & better than I expected for the price.Best I've ever found...for any size or price
Bought 2 tv's both 32 inch, one is the Scepture, the other an Acer
The Scepture is outstanding value for the money
from the brilliant colors, to all the options on the remote
Certainly worth the moneyGreat TV
Does the jobcheap
very easy assembly and set up, easy menugreat value
Bought this for my father who is 80. It's lightweight and easy to set up out of the box.
The picture is crystal clear coming off an antenna feed. The sound is sufficient. Our only regret was whe should have got the next size bigger.Great TV for the price
I ordered 3 of these televisions for my kids' bedrooms. I had never purchased a tv on my own before and was nervous that I wouldn't choose a high quality set. These tv sets exceeded my expectations!! The picture is beautiful! It is true that the sound is not very loud, but I had read that in other reviews. However, it is loud enough for the size of their rooms. I paid $178.00 for each tv. They are 32 inch sets and I hadn't found anything else that affordable even in smaller sizes!Can't beat the price
I am very happy with all the features. It has much more than I expected.The TV has grate features and is easy to use.
It has good picture,good sound for the price. It was easy to setup after i found the codes for my Direct tv remote.That was the hardest part.Great tv for the price!
The tv was easy to install, the picture and sound are awesome...VERY happy with the price, and quality!!updated well
I love it and would tell my friends about it, very good pic and sound.TV
I know this TV does not have Bluetooth but it does have PLENTY of HDMI outputs in the back & that's all I need to hook every device known to man to this TV. I got a great price on this by ordering online ($189 INCLUDING taxes) & it's great picture, even sound quality.Excellent TV for the price
Nice picture and easy to set up.Great TV
we have one in our bedroom that is 3 years old, we went back to this model for our cottage, great picture! Overall great TV.great TV overall
Very clear picture , with sharp color, and the built in DVD player makes for a great space saver , TWO THUMBS UP !L E D for ME
Perfect mid size tvGreat
MY VERY HARD TO PLEASE KIDS LOVE ITBEST VALUE FOR MONEY
Excellentexcellent
PULLED TV OUT OF BOX TOOLS NEEDED WERE IN BAG WITH INSTRUCTIONS ALL OF 15MIN TO GET TV HOOKED UP WITH CABLE AND WATCH.....ALL I COULD ASK FOR
Good audio ...clear image...it works just how i spected...sceptre-city
Great picture easy assembly. Sound could be better but overall extremely pleased. Wanted to purchase extended warranty but never heard back from company and no info in manual.cant beat this tv for the price
Great TV..... I want another one!Will buy another!
Great product. Unexpected bonus of being able to watch YouTube on the TV.Great Value for the money
I love it. I am so glad that I got the flat screen, I never would have believed that I would get one but now I have one and I couldn't be happier.Way better than my old tv that I had.
Looks really great for a very inexpensive product, the picture quality is a lot better than my name.brand.tv and the functions are awsome really pleased with the purchase of this tv.great tv for video games and the kids room
The tv arrived 2 days before it was scheduled, which actually caused a little heartburn because I had arranged to be home on the day it was scheduled. But, you can't complain that it was attempted to be delivered early. They came back on the scheduled day and delivered it. It's light, slim, has a good picture and my son is loving playing his xbox one on it.All we needed was a cheap tv to play the xbox one
Immediately upon opening the delivery box, the TV was simple to enable and started operating well. We are using an "air" antenna and (rather than our small TV that only picked up 12 stations) the Sceptre immediately picked up 35 stations.
It operates well.a simple 32 inch HD TV that works well
Excellent value for the money.Excellent for small areas.
An awesome television for the price. Would totally recommend to others.Awesome for the price
Its a great procduct for the priceGreat product for the price
Easy set up and a nice size for the bedroom. Great quality picture.Love the Picture Quality
The TV was purchased as a gift for a family member. They have had it for only a short time but so far loves it. The company has also been great to work with. The paperwork was missing from the box and when contacted regarding this matter, Sceptre Customer Service shipped everything out within a day of receiving the necessary serial number of the TV.Great TV for the money
We use ours as a computer monitor and tv. Great picture and fantastic price.Excellent tv. Great for a monitor as well
Purchased this tv for our bedroom after our other 32" went out...great picture..speakers not tr loudest just have to turn it up higherGreat tv for the money
Love this tv works good as my computer screen.computer screen.
This tv has great picture quality and the slim design makes it easy to mount on the wall.Show great pictures
I had not heard of this brand before seeing it on Walmart.com as they are not in the stores and I am very satisfied with the quality, the picture, the volume and the value of the product. A great purchase. Would definitely recommend to others and I have.Wonderful product
Nice tv. Wish the sound was a lil louder. Only issue is FedEx left it in the original box on my porch. No knock or anything. This is something that should have needed a signature.Very nice picture
It works perfect for my needs as HDTV or as Computer monitor to use in my bathroomThe right price for good item
I am very happy with this TV. What I am not happy with is the customer service. I thought I had a problem with the TV but it turned out to be with the cable company. I contacted the numbers for
customer service and tech service and could not get a person or a recording to leave a message.
I just got a message to go to their website and contact them through e-mail from their website
which did not work and they did not have an e-mail address posted that I could use and not have
to go through the website. Amazingly the number they have for sales has a recording for you to
leave a message for a sales person to call you back. I left a message on that number telling them
I could not get through to support with my information and ask them to give it to them so they
could call me back. No one ever did.Great TV for the price
I had a 19" TV in my bedroom. When I decided to rearranged my bedroom, the 19" was difficult to see clearing in its new spot. I went Walmart online and found this 32" TV at a fantastic price. I never heard of Sceptre, but the product and quality and very good. Very good buy.TV PERFECT
It was just what I wantednice
My boyfriend and son were very happy and pleased with the quality of the picturegreat gift
IloveitGood tv
Excellent image and colorGreat Color
I bought this TV for my granddaughter for Christmas and she loves it.Good tv
Great 32 inch 720p HDTV. For the price of $159.00. Get beat it.Great HDTV
I bought this TV based on its low price and the reviews of others. I was not disappointed. The TV set up was very easy and the instructions clear, even for an old dummy like me. They even give you a screwdriver for the stand. Picture and sound are both very good. Delivery was fast and on time.really good for the price
I HAD THE TV OVER 2WEEKS NOW. SO FAR THE TV IS GREAT. THE PICTURE SHOWS SUPER CLEAR.GOOD VIEW
I was actually quite surprised at the quality of build and the accessories that came along with this tv, they even included a screwdriver. The product also has a 1080p setting even though it only shows that it is capable of 720p. I would definitely recommend this television to friends and the price is outstanding!Great Product...
This TV makes a great desktop monitor. A much better value than most " Computer monitors". It has all the necessary connections for most tasks. very good video quality, speakers are decent. The Light weight and slim design make this TV an overall great value.computer monitor
Great picture, even without being hooked up. Easy assembly & thin screen.perfect for child's room
We thought this was a great buy for a 32" which is what we wanted plus free shipping helped, we live in a small town and have to drive 30 min. to a Walmart.Great buy for what we needed
I never herd about this brand but so far its been a good tv.great tv
Cheap only in price - not in valueGreat for College
Kids loveit's good
I bought this TV for my 11 year old's bedroom. I've had it about 1 week and it works great!! I was a little worried about purchasing it at first looking at all the reviews, but so glad I did!!Great TV for the price.
Very easy to setup for viewing.Fits the bedroom nicely
This tv was perfect.I bought it for my children's room. They loved it . They used it to play playstation 4 .great buy
So far I am well pleased. It arrived quick, was easy to set up, was easy to operate and is doing just fine so far. I would definitely recommend this TV to a friend.So far So good
I bought for my son. It's very nice great pricelove this tv
Purchased this TV for my kids room and it's perfect for them. My son is 14 and my daughter is 7 and they love it. Great value for the money.Great product for the money.
very pleased with the purchasegreat tv
I bought this for the kids and it was easy to set up and for the kids to change between the different functionsTv
The picture is better than the name brands. I decided to purchase it after reading the excellent reviews .Sceptre 32" LED TV
Haven't tried out much but connected my blue ray player without a problem. Great TV for a great price!great tv for great price
Great value, good color. only thing I don't like is the remote...its so longgreat value
This is a Great TV for the price.Great TV for the value
I don't watch TV in my bedroom very often, this TV is the perfect size and price. The sound could be a little better.Great Bedroom Tv
I gave this tv to my grandson for is gaming. He was very pleased said it had all the " ports" needed and the color is beautiful.reloader216
It's great for gaming32 led
I bought this TV for an outdoor patio area. It's perfect. Great picture and sound for the money.Great value
I am more than pleased with this TV. The picture is better than my big screen Sony with the rear projection. I'm a single female and I was able to put this TV together myself.Great TV for my home office/Guest room
The TV frame and integral mount are quality and the rigidity of the stand was superior to other brands I have seen. This TV is capable of cable or over the air digital TV. I recently purchased a rotating antenna which gave me 10 additional viewable channels for a total of 14 out of 19 channels. This TV has an integrated digital receiver so my intention was to throw away the additional digital box and clean up the the TV's appearance in the room, and finally appear somewhat contemporary. This digital receiver picked up less channels than my old TV with the digital box but the picture was incredibly clear; the sound was super. However, this TV does not have a digital signal strength meter to allow me to rotate my antenna to pick up the additional channels- I would have to keep the digital box that I already have. The manual says the set requires ??% signal strength for over the air digital TV or the picture or sound may not operate and one needs to contact the cable or satellite company to adjust the strength. The bottom line is this set is perfectly priced and it will astonish those of you with old-world technology on cable or satellite systems, it will even perform well on digital air TV if somehow you can point the antenna without a signal strength meter.Great TV and Bargain
GOOD SET FOR THE PRICEGOOD TV FOR THE PRICE
This TV is exceptional ! Works fine and picture quality is fantastic. My only issue is cannot get my universal remote to work with it because cannot find correct code. for Sceptre.Great buy!
I LOVE THE TELEVISION. JUST ARRIVED TWO DAYS AGO AND OUT THE BOX I WAS VERY PLEASED WITH IT. THE COLOR, THE PICTURE, THE SOUND IS AMAZING. ITS A VERY DAY T.V SET FOR MY CHILDREN TO KEEP THEOUT MY ROOM LOL. I LOVE. GREAT PRICE AND I LOVE IT A MUST BUYAAAAAMAZING
Very good value and excellent product. Bought this for our 5th wheel and couldn't be more pleased.Alot of bang for the buck!
I really like this tv! The picture is crystal clear and the colors are great...very crisp! I am not too impressed with the sound quality. It's clear but it doesn't have a very rich quality. It kinda sounds like a radio. I also couldn't sync the tv with my remote. The 3 digit code they gave in the book didn't work but the remote that came with the tv works, I just have to use 2 remotes.beautiful picture
I had never heard of this brand of TV before so took a chance. We are very happy with it. It has a great picture.Nice TV
Bought this TV when my 7 year old Samsung quit working. This TV was on sale so I took a chance on getting an inexpensive one. What a great buy, easy to setup, light weight worked perfectly the first time. No trouble at all so far. I am so happy with it. I use it in my bedroom, that's where I watch TV, as I live with my daughter. I have it mounted on the wall it is so light weight. Looks good, sounds good. The price was manageable for me. I'm 81 and have bought many TVs in my time, and this is the cheapest but works just as good as all the rest that were way more expensive then this. I can't complain about anything, I'm totally satisfied.TV
I love my TV. great price, great picture. would recommend this tv.Great Tv
So impressed with this little 32"... reviews were good but I was surprise how good it work and easy to put together. Really think some off brands are better than named ones you pay a fortune for.Beautiful picture...nice little TV!!
Not only was this TV a fantastic price, it's a GREAT TV!! We're very impressed with the picture and everything about it!!GREAT TV!!
Perfect TV - not too big and not too small....purchased for my niece's room. Good picture & sound! Definitely recommend product!Great TV for a great price!!!
what can I say. one a 1 to 10 scale I would rate this tv a 10.Fantastic
Patted myself on back on how easy it was to screw the stand to the TV. If I can do it any woman can! Picture is wonderful, nice larger screen.Fancy TV
Fantastic!!! Good picture and good sound! Easy to operate!sceptre t.v.
This was a a Valentine's day gift for my partner. She was very surprised and happy. came in excellent condition and was delivered on time and as expected. great quality and perfect size.gift
Great TV for the price!Great tv
TV is all it was advertised to beGood Buy
Great all Around TV.Perfect TV!!!
I was hesitant about purchasing an unknown brand TV, but when I got it home and set it up, I liked the look of it. When I turned it on, the picture quality was very sharp and crystal clear. Good sound quality too. I would highly recommend it. Especially for the price, too.Great TV
This was a gift for my mom, I was delivered on time, she is very happy with the product my friend installed it, he was as well very amaze of the price and the picture quality and all the above. I would highly recommend.good product
I got this TV for $179 and am currently using it for a computer monitor. The picture is nice and crisp and looks pretty good with 720p even though I'm siting about 2 feet away. Another great thing about it is the number of digital inputs. Normally for a TV around this size you would only get 2 max. Would definitely recommend this television.Amazing TV for the Price
Fore the price i was surprised bought 2 of them,1 fore my computer and the other fore the bed room. Works great fore both.great little tv
First of all, I read TONS of reviews on this product before buying it and the most common complaint I read was sound quality. I personally do not have this issue. The sound is great. I've had the TV for about a month now, and I use it in my living room everyday and it works awesome. The picture quality is very clear. I would buy another one, but I am a poor college student and can't afford to (which is why I bought this brand of TV in the first place; price!) I bought this on an online "Tax Refund" deal Walmart had going on, and only paid $179 for it. I wish I could have bought two to have one in my room! The install is super easy. They give you everything you need including batteries for your remote and a screwdriver with a magnetic tip. Awesome!! I had it hooked up and was watching TV in ten minutes flat. I am a 24 year old female and not techy AT ALL. If I can do it, anyone can do it. I also liked that it is so light weight. That was just a bonus because I had to lug it upstairs because I live in an upper level apartment. So that was cool too :)

All in all, 5 stars out of 5 stars.

Sound quality is good.
Picture quality is very clear.
It also comes with a free one year warranty which is super generous of the manufacturer.

I would recommend this to anyone. Great value for SUCH a great price!!!I am thoroughly impressed.
I love this TV. I bought it on a deal of the day and so far it has been. Picture quality is great and the sound is much better than any flat screen i had had in the past.Great TV. great deal.
Sound quality isn't great but tolerable. Has a USB port and three HDMI connections. After reading comments, some people complained this model failed for various reasons in the first week. The simple solution is to buy the extended 3-year warranty, which still makes this TV a good deal.Great flat screen TV for the money!
I bought this TV to hook up to a computer to play movies for my kids. It was cheap and bigger than the computer monitors I have. I was not expecting it to be a great looking TV. I am glad I bought it. And would definitely recommend it.Down right amazing.
I had heard of Sceptre previously but thought it was just another bargain TV and thought it might not be very good because of the name. But after researching it thoroughly, I discovered it's parts are made by Sony. It was on sale and I bought it and didn't look back. It is a great investment! I use it as a computer monitor and works extremely well. As a television, it has one of the best pictures I've ever seen. I use it as both, a TV and a computer monitor. Great Buy!!!Don't judge a TV by its name
Bought one a year and a half ago, then another a year ago, now just bought 2 more. One for my grand daughters dorm room and another for other grandsons bedroom. All are 32 inch and we have never had a problem with any of them. Bought the last 2 on a Cyber Monday Sale, and was thrilled with the price. Would recommend for anyone who wants a bedroom tv, or rec room tv.
My grandkids love them them, especially since they swivel, and they can turn to watch wherever they are in their rooms.Great TV for the price! Love it.
Great itemWonderful
Recommended.Great TV for the price.
I like the clarity of the picture while watching movies and playing video games. I purchased this for my 17yr old son and he loves it. I didn't realize sceptre had a sound bar accessory to go along with their televisions.Surprisingly nice TV and great price.
Great 32 inch TV. Assemble was very easy and navigating channels was easy.Flat Screen
I bought this for my Grandson's room. He only comes to stay with us twice a month. This was such a great TV, we decided to put it in our room instead and give him ours.
I would recommend buying this tv.great picture
It' a great TV and it's not heavy and easy to set upGreat TV
We have only had this a few weeks and are satisfied so far. This is a great television for the price.Good value
I needed something for my 3 year old daughter's room. This was a great price for the size. And the picture was surprisingly good. I had never heard of the brand before, but if i need another one i will be checking for that brand.Great price for the size and quality
TV quality is excellent. Fantastic picture and sound. Ordered on a Monday and received my TV Wednesday just two days later.Great TV
The bet thing for a kid.light and easy to move
got this as a replacement not sure of the brand but price was fair so i bought it so a great tvgreat value
Very good TV for the price! Very easy to set up too! I highly recommend this TV!Great Picture!
The price for this product was too enticing to pass up.Great TV for a good price
We bought this tv to use in our bedroom. Everything was as expected. Nice tv for such a low price.

The only bad thing about it is that the volume level is weird. At setting "1" it is still a little louder than I want it, but of course when I turn it down one click to "0" there is no sound. So they definitely could have made the volume control with more levels.Great tv, especially for the price!
Easy set up including connections to DVD player and WII; great pictureFirst time flat screen owner
I had purchased the same TV two years ago and I am very pleased with it.I already own a Sceptre
The TV arrived quickly and the setup was easy. This TV was a great buy.Great TV and a great price!
I got my new tv around Christmas and was very pleased with the sound, color and everything about it and it was very easy to set up. It is very good for the money. I do recommend this television to others, very pleased and happy with it.Christmas gift to my self!
Very pleased with this tv. The price was excellent. In-store pick up was a breeze.Great tv with a great price.
It works fine so far, no complaintsGreat for the price!
We bought this for our 2nd home and didn't expect a lot for the price. It was surprisingly good in the picture quality area, sound is poor to OK. I have the sound coming through an external sound set-up so it sounds great this way (same as what we do for our LG 55" TV). Picture is bright enough, very good color, no Internet or other features like this. No problem if you have an Apple TV, Roku, etc. Would recommend this TV to anyone looking for a 2nd, or bedroom / den, rev-room / garage TV.For the Price This is a Very Good TV
Bought 3 of these TVs last Christmas because my wife and I have six kids, an xbox 360, 2 wii's, a game cube and plenty of room. They exceeded our expectations. We were so pleased with the quality AND price, so we purchased another this season for our oldest daughter's bedroom.6 kids with lots of game systems!!!
We bought this for use in our RV. However, I've been using it in my office, not sure it will make it to the RV.Great value
got too tv and they are goodgot too tv and they are good
I love my TV the picture quality is excellent and so is the sound, this was a really good buy.Great TV for any room
i couldnt be happier its big bright and does just whats its suppose to do and if i decide to use it as a tv i can do that as of now im using it as a pc monitor with a bigger screen and all for less then a 27 inch pc monitorseeing is believeing
I had no idea what to expect being I had never heard of Sceptre before but for the money I can't complain. I am very happy with my TV.A excellent buy!
Good size, easy to use, light, and bright.Very good for the price
When I ordered this TV, I was not sure if it would be what I wanted. But it is perfect. I live in a small apartment and it works just fine. I could have even gone bigger a bit, but wasn't sure. I like the way it was so easy to set up and get going, took only a few minutes. And the picture and sound are just perfect. It has met my expectations and now I want another one for the bedroom.I wanted a TV
okay bought this thinking i would have to have my brother help me hook it up, but put the stand on and hooked everything up by myself. everything was clearly marked. the tv was light enough i could lift it myself(i have a spinal cord injury and limited mobility) i am proud to say i did it myself, great picture and sound. love it,great buy
i bought this tv as a Christmas gift because i've had one just like it for 4 years. i have not had a single issue wit it. You can count on a bright clear picture and great soundTrouble free
I thought it would be too small but it's perfect for my bedroom. Just as nice as my visio I paid 800 for back in 08Perfect size
This flatscreen is a HDTV so you will need HDMI cable cords. The volume increase sound is very low but alright if used for a bedroom. I wouldn't recommend to be used in a play room, family room or used for entertainment purposes.Nice size flatscreen for a bedroom
Great Pricture! Ok sound. It was a Mother's Day present , and she loves it.Excellent buy for the price
Although I bought this tv from my brother and his wife for a gift I can say delivery was done very quickly beings we are on opposite sides of the U.S. as for the TV its self for a 32in and for the price I paid my brother over the phone rated it just as good as his Zenith. So in my book that rates this TV an A+......AWESOME
Although shipping was delayed, the quality of the tv is good.Great television for the price.
DO NOT GET THIS DELIVERED TO YOUR HOUSE!!!
UPS delivered it to our front steps, and left it sitting in front of the house the whole day. No it was not put inside another box, it was the manufactures box. So angry. Good thing it was not raining!

Other then that, the TV has been great! Nice features. Resolution is on the low side, but considering we sit about 10' back that doesn't matter. We have basic cable, and this TV gave us more then twice the amount of channels as out other TV. Such as PBS-1, PBS-2, PBS-3. They do that for a few channels. Hope it lasts a long time. Everything else has been good. It's got freeze frame, and multi width viewing (wides screen, normal, etc).So Far So Good! GREAT VALUE!
It's great for my son!Love it!
Great picture not too big or too small for our bedroom love it!!!great
I bought one for the garage to use in my Man-cave. It was such a good buy that I went and perchased another one for my girlfriend to put in the bedroom. They work great, the only thing I have issue with is if you leave anything on the screen for too long like a video game backgroung or internet page it burns into the screen in a short time, luckily it goes away after a while. If your planning on using it for a monitor or gaming system you have to be careful. Make sure to get the extended warranty for it, its cheap and it can save you in the end.Great buy.
I wasn't too familiar with the brand but I did like the price for the size of the unit. It arrived two days early, very light and slim. I got this for my daughter who still had an old tube. The picture quality and sound is pretty good. Right size for a better price.Great price
I have a 40 in. in the bedroom and now this 32 in. in the computer room, love them both.great t.v. for the price
Excellent.Exceeded my expectations.
Unbelievable price !!!! Great TV I read some comments before ordering about the sound being low but decided to order anyway and it's great. Loving it.Great TV
I was so surprised i got it so fast. Was very happy with the tv. Is more then i expected. I would recommend it to anyone.great for a guest room or your living room.
Have no problems so far it is good for a small area, the bedroom is a good area for it. Had to go in menu to set up the sound. The color is totally beautiful no adjusting at all great picture. I love it!!!Beautiful picture
I haven't opened the box; Had shipped to my local Walmart #2899 in CT; Pickup was out in a flash in minutes; Great way to have shipped. Box was perfect with out a scratch. I have seen this brand Septure at a local restaunt where they have 3; 40 incher over the counter great pichure - sharp & clear, with excellent colors & whites. The stag winner will love this raffle prize.I purchased this as a stag party raffle
Really nice tv for a great price under 200.00. Would definitely recommend to others. I love it! Great picture quality.Great tv.
Would be nice if it came with free HDMI cables or something. Otherwise, easy to navigate, easy to unpack (though I was a little worried about the energy sticker directly on the screen), all in all very impressed and pleased with my purchase.Good, Modest TV for Single Gamer
The picture and sound is great for how inexpensive the monitor is. Blue Ray and HD channels look fantastic.Great quality for the price
This television has great picture quality. The speakers are a bit weak, but other than that it's a great bargain.Great television for a wonderful bargain.
This is a great TV- and the price was wonderful--very clear picture.Great TV
Great television, great price with EXCELLENT HD quality! I feel like I've been cheated on color television up until NOW! And the price of the extended warranty was a win-win! The only ONE thing that's not so great is the sound/volume. I'm going to get an inexpensive "sound bar" and add it to it. It has buttons on the remote to accommodate/operate a sound bar!Everything I wanted!
A very good deal on a great tv. It's the perfect size for viewing in my bedroom. The picture is clear and the sound is great. I am very pleased with my purchase.For the price I paid this is a very nice tv.
TV was a good purchase, For the price it has a nice and clear picture. I would purchase another one.Nice Television
As this was for my husbands Christmas gift, he wasn't supposed to know about it yet, but it came one day when he was home. SO we got it hooked up and he is trying to get used to it as he just had a 19 in regular TV. The color is wonderful and no problems with the volume. He really likes it.Husbans Christmas present
Unit, remote, picture and attachments are more well thought out than many "cheap" TV's we have bought. Only downside, as with nearly every Flat Screen TV are the speakers. Pretty weakBetter Quality than many inexpensive TV's
I've had the TV for about 3 weeks now. It's the perfect size for the room it's in and the picture quality is wonderful. I am very happy with this purchase and would definitely recommend it to friends.....in fact, I already have...Really great TV for the price...
For a brand that's not know so much this tv is great! Bright, vivid colors! 3 HDMI ports. I have cable, a labtop and a desktop connected to it right now! It's great! Not sure why I read some reviews about the sound but it seems good to me.Amazing!
this is a great tv for any price. great picture and sound and don't have a lot of buildup around the screen so it's easier to fit in tighter places. I wouldn't hesitate on buying again if I needed another one.great picture
Easy to assemble coordinate with cable company, lots of ports for things like dvd'sdee below
This is a great TV for the price nice picture, sound and quality.....Great Tv for the price
very good item workings outstanding daughter luv it32 inch hdr hdtv
Nice TV for such a small price 159.0032" tv
I had second thoughts after buying this tv and before picking up. The price was so low, I assumed I would be sacrificing quality in some way. Not so!
The picture is great. The sound is clear. Features on this set are better than on my Vizio. I am impressed! The only thing I am not find of is the remote. Way too big and clunky for a bedroom tv. A great buy!Affordable gem!
I was totally surprised at what I had been missing on my 30something year old analog tv. Other than a small sound issue, this tv meets and even surpasses my expections.perfect for me
Good quality picture. Quite a bargain.Good Deal !!!!!!!
Easy set up!great buy!!! awesome picture!
This TV was just the thing I was hunting for when my picture went out on my old TVGreat TV Screen for what it offers
The sound quality and picture is superb! You will never get a better television at the right price. I'm planning to buy a bigger size of the same brand.Better than expected!
It is a good tv for a great price.very good for price
Excellent TV at an even better price! I don't think you can find a better TV value at this price. Would recommend this brand & product to anyone.Exceeded my expectations!
I bought this TV for my daughter and we love it. Great picture and sound! I would recommend to anyone.Great quality at a great price
I love the option to pick up in store with free shipping. The TV is perfect for my bedroom.love it!
I purchased this tv on cyber Monday on sale, and I couldn't be happier with the outcome! It was extremely easy to setup, and the picture and sound quality are great. I would definitely recommend this product, that you!Cyber Monday 2.0
I really like this TV . It has a great picture and sound quality. This was a great buy !Great TV!!!
I have had this about a month or so. It is a pleasure to watch and can't beat the extra jacks and connections. I like it and quite satisfied with it's performance.A good buy.
So, we weren't sure what to expect from this unit, since we had never heard the name before. What a great TV, for the awesome low price. If you're on the fence, get off and buy one. You will not be disappointed.Pleasantly Surprised!
It is not as user friendly as my previous TV. Adjusting the screen does not always fit the area properly.Over all I like the TV. It was the a good price.
This is a nice tv for a min price. It is fairly easy to operate, the pic is clear thavailablextra channels are nice. I have it hooked up to a blueray player, so I am mostly watching movies.Inexpensive, yet nice!
I LIKE THIS T V (THIS IS THE SECOUND 32" SCEPTRE I BOUGHT) 1 FOR THE LIVINGROOM AND 1 IN THE BEDROOMSECOUND T V
Bought this for my brother. He loves it!Helpful
Thank you for your pricing. I actually bought three of these TV's for my household. I have heard no complaints from the owners of these televisions. I would recommend this television to others. Its priced right.A Great Buy
This was such a good deal that I got one for the bedroom and one for the living-room! The parts are made by Sony and the picture is sharp with great color!What a bargain!
Great flat screen will definitely refer and affordablethis tv is great
Is this the best tv on the market? No. Is it a really good tv for the price? Yes! My beloved old style 20 year old Sony tv got hit by lightning so time to get a new one. Bought one from Best Buy and hated the picture and sound. Returned immediately. Read the reviews on this one and decided to give it a try. I am glad I did! If you think it will be as good as a $1000 tv you are just kidding yourself. That said, the picture is very good. The sound is average for a flat panel tv. It took some trial and error to get it to my liking but once I did, I am extremely pleased. I have already recommended this tv to others and would get another if I needed one.Very Good tv for Price
Good picture, good sound, good value.Great TV for the price.
A great product for the price, good picture and sound. I use it mostly for my game consoles.Great for less
Using as tv/monitor, I like the locations of the inputs. This was biggest reason to buy. Sound is a bit shallow, I haven't tried adjusting it much.great so far
The picture is really nice. The price is GREAT! We are very happy with this TV. Set up was easy.Really nice picture Great Price!
Great tv....volume could be louder but other than that great tv for a decent pricegreat product
Picture is as good as my Vizio's. Excellent picture with very straightforward setup and menus. Actually more straightforward and simple than other TV's I own. Excellent price.Great Value
It looks perfect in my room and show very clear picturesAmazing Product
IAM ENJOYING MY NEW T.V. THE PICTURE IS GREAT AND THE COLOUR ALSO. I HAD A 24 INCH BEFORE AND I AM GLAD THAT I WENT TO A 32 INCH. IT IS IN MY BEDROOM, AND IT FITS PERFECTLY ON MY STAND!LOVE IT
I love the TV and a great pricevery useful
great tv for the money and free shopping ,aiso connects to your pct v .
i'm very pleaseda great value
Bought this Sceptre TV for my son as a Christmas present. He loves it. It has a great picture with beautiful color & definition. I wish I would have bought one for myself.great picture
So far so good. I haven't been able to access all of it's great features....but I am sure that as I do use each feature...the better it will be.Nice surprise
We have had this TV for a little over a week now. So far so good. I read reviews about the sound, unless you're hard of hearing, I think it's plenty loud. Was on sale at the time and I'm happy with the product and deal. Recommended!Great value
looks good, sounds good. cant beat it for the price..
There is nothing bad to say about this productgreat buy
Was skeptical, but very pleased!Great TV!
Nice price, clear picture, my daughter loves this herb.Nice
This would be the fourth Sceptre TV I have purchased. They are easy to install. Their colors are bright and the HD is spectacular. I have had no issues at all, i purchased a smaller one two years ago and it is still going strong. I would highly recommend these. You cannot beat the price and the quality is as high as any of the highly priced competitors in the market.Excellent TV's
I LOVE Samsung products and that is what I have through out the house and my cell phones. But I wanted to get a larger TV for the den/playroom that was under $200. I read many reviews about this Sceptre TV and was impressed with the reviews. so I bought it. I couldn't be happier. It was a perfect size and the bezel around the screen is VERY small and it fit perfectly where I wanted to place it in the room. It also has all the HDMI connections I needed to hook up games and DVD player. I would recommend this TV to anyone. Its a very good TV and kids are super happy I got rid of the 19" inch screen TV I had there before. No complaints hereExcellent product
I'm wanting to buy this TV online ...... does it come with stand....I don't want wall mounted???Help!!! I need advice
I got this TV for a spare bedroom. The set up and assembly was very easy. Because it's a guest room I hooked the TV to a rabbit ear antenna, I could not believe how good the picture is. I highly recommend this TV.Great buy
It is what it says it is. Great picture and easy installation..Great deal
I ordered online- came super fast. I searched other competitors & this was the best deal for whT I needed and was looking for. I needed at least 2 HDMI ports & found some tv's only had one. I do not have cable put use a digital antennae & am totally impressed with the picture quality! Great deal for your money!Excellent tv for the price!
Happy with Tv love it and i highly recomend it only thing after i had bought it i found it somewhere else for 143.00 still the price is good for the quality you get which is high....Just Awsome.
This Tv was very easy to set up and its very light. the picture is decent. i liked that it came with a little screwdriver :)very light
Great kids tvGreat tv
I like the new tv'sI like the tv's
It was bigger than I expected it to be when we took it out of the box. It has a great picture quality, and the volume works great!Great TV for the price
A very good TV. No bells and whistles, but none needed. The fact that it is inexpensive to purchase makes it all the better.Nice TV
This tv was a gift for my teen grandsons. The screen size is perfect for their video games and the price was perfect for me.Grandma status booster
This product was a great deal for what you get. Good size and quality.Awesome TV
My son loves it. It is thin and a great size for a bedroomsuper tv
Excellent TV for a great price!Bargin
we purchased this tv to replace an old box one in our business. We were amazed with every feature, and what a great value.....I would recommend this to all and would buy another.great replacement for old television
Perfect size for my room!Great Deal!
I got this tv for my bedroom. I was quite surprised by the quality given the low price-tag. The tv has good audio for a small room. The picture is quite clear and bright colors come out very well. There is a minor delay in refresh when cameras are panning quickly, but it is not heavily noticeable. You really cannot go wrong for the price-tag on this set.Great for the price
For the price this tv
surpassed all expectations
used in my man cave ! YES!!great piece of equipment
The TV is aChristmas Present,so it is still in the BOX.TV
I used this TV as an extra for my kitchen. The picture quality was excellent.Sceptre 32 inch TV
Got this for my daughters room. Works great, she loves its.GREAT FOR THE MONEY
This is my second Sceptre and the quality is excellent for the price. My first is several years old and is still working great. The remote is very easy to navigate, and stand is easy to assemble and even includes a screwdriver!Sceptre Rocks!
I bought this to replace a 19" LCD screen that my son used to play his Xbox 360 on. This TV is much better, very clear picture, sound is great, DVD's look awesome as well. The best thins is that now he can actually sit down on his bed and play video games and see what he is doing.Excellent TV for my son's xbox 360
bought it for grandson Christmas gift, I know he will love ityessirree
Picture quality is niceNice tv
I don't use this as a TV but as a montitor for my security cameras and it works great. I've only had it for a few months but I am completely satisfied with it.many uses
This is a great economical television. I read reviews before I purchased it, and the reviews were very positive. It is nice looking, had easy set up. I needed another TV in a bedroom. I feel like it might be a little better than the slightly more expensive one with a popular brand name in my other room.Excellent Value For The Price!
The picture is very good, the sound was good. Very easy to hook up.For my veteran brother-in-law
This television has a beautiful clear screen view and many of the computer-age options that are available today (not sure if I will ever use them ... but, they're there). Plus, the TV was delivered to my home for free. Great deal!Very nice for the price!
Great tv so far! Picture is very nice, colors are sharp and great to view. Sound is awesome too!our first hd tv!
great picture and features for the price. Swivel base is nice. Remote is easy to operate because of the colour of the buttons.Great Picture and Features
Works fine.Sceptre HDTV
good picture and sound quality.like it
Love itTV
My TV arrived on schedule and was properly packaged to ensure no damage occurred.

I was very pleased with how easy it was to setup the TV which was just place it on its stand plug it in and it was ready. The picture is phenomenal. This is my first HD TV so I was surprised out how clear and detailed everything looks. I'm currently using my TV as a computer monitor and it really is enhanced my gaming experience. I play a lot of online games and the graphics are great. Left4Dead 2 looks so good on this TV. When my daughter saw my TV and how great it is for gaming I had to purchase her one too for her PS3, which by the way the 3 HMDI ports are a blessing because switching between computer/console is a breeze with a press of the button.

However I would suggest investing in a great pair of speakers because the sound is rather low but then again it could just be because I have it connected to my computer via a mini jack audio plug.

If you are looking for a new computer monitor or just a great TV look no further.Great TV for a great price
Installation was easy. Perfect size for our guest bedroom. Picture is crisp, and you can swivel the screen. We like it so far.Nice TV for the price.
Can't go wrongSuper TV
It is really light, has a thin frame, clear picture and color. Affordable with lots to love. Easy to use remote as well. I bought 2!Love it!
My old TV in the bedroom was starting to go, picture was shrinking and not as clear as it used to be. Well my daughter talked me into getting this TV, they didn't have this particular one at my local store but I was able to get an idea of the size and weight and went home and ordered it online. Shipping to my home was supposed to take one week, however it arrived in two days. Lucky for me my daughter was still visiting and she set it all up which took her about five minutes. I love it, I love the picture, the sound, the remote, everything about this TV plus the fact that it swivels to boot. Great TV for the bedroom, at a wonderful price.Great TV at a Great Price
This our second Sceptre . We liked the 1st one so much, we bought a 2nd one.2nd member of our family
Brand new conditionGreat product
Awesome T.V. Awesome price too.GREAT TV
cant go wrong with this one,the picture is great,you can adjust your color but its pretty anyway you do it,I have only had it about three weeks now but no complaints from meColor,color and color
It has a great picture and very good sound. and Cheap! Great buy!Great cheap tv
Love this tv! Good price, light weight and user friendly tv :) Perfect for a bedroom tv. Inexpensive and a very good buy... Thanx walmart!Nicet easy to use tv :)
Great picture, good size, good sound and really enjoying it. Games look great on it.watching football
The best buya walmart but
Our kids purchased this TV as a Christmas gift for my husband for his garage/man cave. The picture is very clear. We have fluorescent lights in the garage that would give a glare off the old TV. Love the fact that there is NO glare from lights on this TV! It's sitting in the same spot as the old TV was.My new TV
Picture is clear, can lift it myself, and inexpensive.Affordable and light
This is a nice set for the price.Great Value
For the first time EVER (at age 66) I have a TV in my room. It is perfect size & quality.

One thing I should point out to you. I ordered late Tuesday online. Received an e-mail on Thursday 12-04-14 it had been shipped (very quick service). The e-mail said I would receive by Dec. 20th. Therefore, I was quite surprised when I received a phone call before 6 PM Thursday stating my TV was left in their driveway/sidewalk area. It clearly showed it was the picture & description. She took pocession to protect it, called me that night & delivered it to my door. I gave her a gift (a teddy bear I had purchased as a Christmas present for someone else) I so appreciated her honesty.

FedEx was the shipping company.

Thank you!

KathieNew Wal-Mart TV
Purchased for a work give away. The team loved it. The winner loved it more.Give away
very happy. great quality, excellent priceawesome tv
Great tv for the price, this was my third one purchased. I might get one for every room in the house for that price.this is it!
We are using this for a computer monitor and it is excellent.Great little TV
Instructions for hooking/setting up dish could have been a little more detailed, but other than that it was good.Great Value!
TV met all my expectations. Good picture, fair sound, and nice features. Would do business with again.Nice replacement TV
Nice size, very light, excellent picture and sound quality!Great Choice!
I recommend this brand comparable to my Samsungexcellent buy for a bedroom or den
Provides excellent value for the money, I like it a lot.SCEPTRE X322BV-HDR 32" LED Class 720P HDTV
I purchased this item as an upgrade from the older television I had been using. Of course being digital the picture is excellent. I use an indoor/outdoor antenna, since I don't care to pay into a satellite system and the picture is superb. I also use the set to watch dvd's.
The only negative is the sound quality, but once i turned the surround sound off, the levels were fine.
The set has various features found on much more expensive televisions, as described in the advertisement.
I bought the set online and was satisfied with the delivery time took about two days to ship to the local Wal-Mart where I picked it up.Best Deal!
i'm a senior , purchaseed for spare bedroom,easy to set up great picture ;great price ,after a little research before purchase some components were sony madegreat picture
I ordered this because it was cheap. I didn't expect much. But the packaging, the included screwdriver for the stand, nice cloth to clean the screen ... it was all incredibly nice, high quality stuff that you don't normally see included in the packaging. Picture and sound are as good as expected, setup a breeze. It doesn't take forever to turn on like some I have seen. Just a really nice quality product at a cheap price. Highly recommend.Surprising quality
It's greatGreatbut
Wasn't expecting this to show up so fast - came a week early! The picture and sound is fantastic and the stand was quite easy to put on. Seven screws and pretty good instructions. Time will tell on longevity.Great TV and shipping!
I had been shopping around for the best deal on a new tv and was so disappointed when i missed out on the blk fri spec. On tvs but grabbed one quick this time and couldnt be happier!worth the wait
Great price on this TV , excellent quality and style, picture is very clear. No problems at all with TV and was delivered a day early very happy.Very Happy Customer
The tv is exactly what I wanted at an excellent price. I bought it to put in front of my treadmill, and after a week, I am very happy with the purchase.Excellent Purchase
I am so happy with my purchase. This was a gift for my fiance's 90 year old mother. While she is in very good health, a broken hip injury that she suffered five years ago has limited her mobility, so she watches TV often. I told her sons she deserved a new, larger TV for Christmas. They, of course, agreed. We live on fixed incomes, so had to be frugal with our choice. The 32" Sceptre was one we could afford. I read all the reviews and decided to make the purchase. When it arrived, I set the TV up in my bedroom to ascertain that it was in good condition. I was really impressed. More importantly, she loves the television - says that it was the best Christmas present that she ever received.Excellent product
I bought this TV for myself and it was my first flat panel TV. I have a small one bedroom apartment and this is my main TV. It is the perfect size for a smaller space, was VERY easy to set up and within about 10 minutes I was up and running. The picture on this TV is really good and the base is fairly sturdy as well. After reading a lot of different reviews, I really didn't expect much when it came to the sound quality as it seems most flat panel tv's have horrible quality. Actually the sound on this TV isn't that bad, however, I will be purchasing a home theatre system. For the price I paid for this TV, it is really a great deal.Great Value
the picture quality is great, sound not so great but adding some external speakers works wonders.great buy
This set is a gem. Crisp and vibrant color with the swivel base!! How awesome is that. We bought it for our camper and are very pleased with our purchase.Awesome TV
Bought tv for granddaughter's birthday. Works greatgood buy
I purchased this product for my boyfriend for x-mas this year and when we installed it we were very satisfied with it and still are. The picture quality is great and has really nice features. Plus, the price is unbeatable. I highly recommend it.Take it before its gone!
For the price this is one of the best buys yet, let's just see if it last!So Far So Good!
We got this when it was a deal of the day for around $235, so obviously the price was excellent for a 32"... It's way more TV than she needs (at 21), but I thought that at some point it would be great for her when she has her own place. She absolutely raves about the quality, and I agree! It also shipped quickly and was simple to set up...We would highly recommend!Great value!!!
Exactly as I expected!Value for your money!
We've only had this television for two to three weeks now, but we are very happy with it. The price is awesome, and we just wanted a decent sized (not too small, not real big) flat screen HD TV to put in our bedroom, so low cost was important. It fits the bill perfectly. We do have HD cable running to it, and it looks good at the 780hp. We were worried what the difference would be from 1080 but we're happy with it. Very nice looking tv, great size, great price. Hopefully it lasts us a while.Great product for the price
Our televisionis great! Great Value! Thank you.Great Value
This purchase is one of the best I have ever made. The quality of the product is unquestionable. Beautiful picture and sound. Can't believe that I was able to purchase for less than $300 dollars ($209). I anticipate many years of uninterrupted enjoyment of HD television programs.An excellent product with an outstanding value.
Only problem I have not been able to connect dvd/vcr combo, other than that excellent picture and sound. I would recommend to my friends to purchase this tv.Tv has excellent picture and sound
We are very pleased with this product so far ( we have had it for a few weeks and only installed it in our summer residence about 2 weeks ago). We have used it with an air antenna and found the picture very crisp and clear. The same is true of the videos we have watched on this set. I would highly recommend this TV as a second set and hope that we still feel this way at the end of the summer usage. We were also very pleased with the prompt delivery of this order.Fantastic product at this price.
This TV was a great price. Has a good picture for a 720p. Great for a spare room.GREAT TV FOR THE PRICE
Just got it. Seems to be a good TV. Good pictureWorking good.
GreatTV
This TV has a great picture and an excellent sound quality. There is one draw back to the picture. If the channel is not HD there is a white fuzzy line at the very top of the picture. But, it is only on those channels that are not HD. The picture is sharp and the sounds is great. It is an excellent value. No problems with it to date. We use it in the bedroom.GREAT TV FOR THE PRICE
Checked out customer ratings before purchasing this item. Also purchased two year extended warranty as I have had storms destroy electrical items before even though they are/were on a power strip. TV works exceptionally well. We use it for tapes and DVD's.Excellent Value & Qality
I've only had this TV for 3 weeks, but so far, so good. The sound isn't great, but coupled with a home theatre system, it's just fine. Great picture clarity, very easy to set up, all-in-all an excellent value for the money. I would buy this product again.So far, so good
Bought for my son and wife for Xmas, they said ausome picture, they both love it, using for bedroom, would recommend for u to buy, buying another one today for self !!Nice for money
Becuase it was such a buy and because the reviews were good I bought this as a gift for my daughter who has a tiny old crt TV. She called me back and loves this TV, she says it seems huge, and the picture is great and it works overall very well. I did buy the 2 yr extended warranty and called the Walmart Center for it and changed the entire warranty into her name. I have since bought through Walmart online the 42 inch version of this same brand of TV. We were going to spend way more on an LED 46 inch with internet capability but after all the Christmas spending decided that a 42 inch LCD for $359.00 would work out just fine.Gift for my Daughter.
i was looking for a new tv, saw this one on sale. saw all of the good reviews and the few bad. i have had the tv for a week now and its perfect in every way. picture is great. the sound if u set it is amazing. people say the remote is plasticy, but i would rather a remote thats not a brick. all around amazing deal and id buy another if i needed another tvGreat Hdtv for the money
I am loving my new tv, arrived today! The speediest service ever. :)I love it!
Nice picture. A great price.Sceptre 32 inch TV
THIS WAS A CHRISTMAS GIFT FOR A FRIEND, AND WAS HE SURPRIZED. I WAS GOING TO GET HIM A 19" TV,, BUT THE PRICE WAS TOO GOOD TO PASS UP, SO HAPPY CHRISTMAS RUSS.WAL MART PRICES ARE THE BEST, I LOVE SHOPPING AT WALMART.THE WORKERS ARE VERY NICE AND HELPFUL WHEN I NEED THEM.KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK.NEW CHRISTMAS GIFT
EASY TO HOOK UP AND GET STARTEDGREAT
I bought this TV for a guest room. It's actually nicer than the one I have in my bedroom. The picture is crisp and clear and the sound quality is above average. I would definitely recommend this product.Another Amazing Deal at Wal-Mart
I bought this TV for use in a bedroom. It is everything I would have expected in a value TV. Obviously, the colors and picture aren't LED quality. But, that shouldn't be your expectation. The picture is more than adequate for my needs and better than the picture on an older Sony LCD that I have. Sound is adequate, though I typically have the volume turned fairly low.

I have only had it for about 2 weeks, so I can't speak to reliability. One thing I was a little bit worried about with such an "off" brand was the ability to find remote control codes for this TV using my DirecTV remote. It took me 20 minutes or so to figure it out, but one of the generic codes worked and appears to have full functionality.

You probably won't brag to your friends that you have this TV, unless your bragging about the great price you got on a decent LCD.Everything I could have expected
This tv has a very clear picture and easy to operate instructions.

I love it!I love this TV
I'm not a video nut, I just need a decent tv for use with my X-Box. This one was inexpensive and does fine.For what I want - Perfection
This set was easy to physically set up. I am not exactly technology challenged but had some difficulty setting the physical setting within the unit. Once I figured it out though it went without a hitch. the picture does not come on immediately (as with the old style TV) but I realize there is a difference in quality, sound, picture and all the necessities from the 1990's to now. This was a good purchase as far as I am concerned and works well in the space in which it is used. Someday I plan to add the extra speakers...but that will be another project for another day.Great for the price
Did not want to spend a lot for an item that I knew was going to be in a trailer and did not need a lot of fancy features, even though this does. Very good TV for the price,no complaints thus far.Perfect size for my 5th wheel trailer.
Great tv for the price , pictures are beautifulGreat tv
The picture and sound quality are comperable to any TV that I now own. I am very happy with my purchase.This product was a great value.
I bought the TV for a friend for Christmas, so I haven't seen it in use for very long.
So far everything is great, I helped set it up and I was very impressed with it.Great TV
amazing tvGreat
For non-commercial brand TV I am delighted with the quality of the HD. It may have been cheaper than the normal Brand names but I feel the Quality of the HD is comparable. I bought this for my daughter's room and am happy with the size. It's hard to find in the big name a slightly smaller size TV. So this is a perfect HD TV for those who want just a little smaller scale of a television. Don't be afraid of it's off brand name. For the price this is a great value.Very Happy with the Quality of the Picture
Tv picture quality is great. The tv has built in surround sound so it's pretty loud. Im happy i purchased it. It was easy to set up. I just wish it was a smart tv. I bought it for the bedroom for my husband. He loves it.Good TV and Great price
This gooddGoogd
great tv,works great,picture is nice,alot of features so you can adjust the picture and sound to your standards,best tv for the price.great tv
I was very surprised at the quality of the TV after getting the great price ..:)Good Value
This TV exceeded all of my expectations! 3 HDMI inputs...computer input...can show 1080i with little or no problem. I highly recommend this TV.Great for the price!
Set up was fast. I have DSL connection with various media devices. Everything connected fairly quickly. The picture looks good from everywhere in the room. The sound is okay, but I used the "user" option to fine tune it for my small living room. For the price - a great buy.easy set up
The price was great. This TV was more than what I was expecting. The picture quality is extremely acceptional. Has several different inputs. HDMI, VGA, RCA etc. I use it for my monitor on my computer and also as a monitor for my swann video surveillance system. This TV is worth the money. Great price great product. I would reccomend this to anyone who is thinking about buying a mid sized tv.Sceotre X322BV-HDR 32" LED HDTV Ultra Slim metal
Bought this to replace a 32 inch EMERSON for the bedroom that died way before its time.. No complaints so far. Unit powered up and functioned like it should. Bright and clear picture, sound quality could be better but I haven't heard good sound on any flat panel TV speakers. Hope it lasts longer than three years. Decided on SCEPTER because of its connection to SONY and price.EMERSON Replacement
Purchased for my gaming. We have a small space and it was lightweight and fit where we wanted it. Clarity is great. Love it!Awesome TV!
I'm very pleased with this TV. Very easy to set up. Picture quality is better than expected for such a good price. I'm extremely satisfied with purchase. If I have problems in the future I will re-post a review but so far, so good. Crazy thing...I ordered it on Thanksgiving late and got it on that Saturday!Very happy customer!
Very good picture and sound. Easy to set up. I used it to replace an older and smaller screen tv in the bedroom. Now I can enjoy watching tv in the evening from the comfort of my bed. Love it!Great value for the price.
Bought this for my mom and she loved it. Light easy to put together for a 720p it looks great. Probly buy another for the kids to play console games on. Had it shipped to store and arrived much quicker then expected. Thx Wal-Mart.best bang for my buck
Gave this as a Christmas gift to my mother-in-law. She is retired, not very up to date with technology and loves it. After we did the initial set up, she found it easy to navigate and the picture to be fantastic.Given as a much appreciated gift
Very nice TV for the price. We have a more well known 32 inch, and I think this one has a better picture. Would definitely recommend this to a friend. Was out of the box and running in about 10 minutes. Great value.Great HD TV for the price.
My son is a college student, and I bought this TV for his dorm room. So far I have been very pleased, because this TV works well and was very affordable!Great TV and great buy!
Purchased as a gift for a friend and he loves it.great buy
My husband is using for his studio monitor. The picture is crystal clear. It was definitely worth the money-can't beat the price for the perfect picture.Using as a monitor!
I bought this television for my bedroom and I am very happy with it. I ordered this television online through Wal-Mart and it was delivered in three days.

It has an excellent picture and the sound is also great . The instruction booklet is very informative in how to connect all types of extras to the television set.

I like it just as well as the Sony Bravia 46" I have in my living room.

Great buy for the money.Great Television for the price !!!!!!!
This is a great TV for the price. Nice size, great picture and sound. Took less than 10 minutes to set it up. I would buy another TV just like this one.Great TV
Recommend to anyone. Used as computer monitorGood TV at realsonalbe price
We purchased this TV for a spare bedroom. It will not be used frequently and really is just what we needed. Great price and good quality. Would recommend it others who have a similar need.Great HDTV for the Extra Bedroom
great pic, great value for the price and fast shippingAwesome
I purchased one of these two years ago...and love it! Never had a problem with it. This one I just purchased for my nephew's room...he loves it!Excellent for the price!
Bought this for my front room & is a perfect fit. Great picture and works well in the room.Great TV
Very nice for the price, the only thing we had to do besides hook it up, the color was way out of adjustment, took a minute, and very nice clear colorful picture.Great tv for the price
I was a little leery to order this TV because I was not familiar with the brand. The item greatly exceeded my expectations. I highly recommend this TV. It is better in all respects than units that cost twice as much.A really good deal!
wanted a larger tv in my bedroom,very happy with my choiceexcellent buy,great picture and sound
Works great. Can't beat the price.great budget tv
I ordered Site to Store, and the tv came in earlier than expected, which I was happy about being it was so close to Christmas and I didn't want my kids seeing it delivered to my house.
The box was in perfect condition when picked up, and when the box was finally opened on Christmas the tv was in perfect condition as well.
My daughter loves the tv, it has a great picture and settings which she loves, as she doesn't like her tv very bright.
The only issue that I have with it is the sound quality. My daughter is fine with it, but even when it's on surround sound, there isn't much difference. I'm sure that if I hooked up external speakers to it, the sound would be a lot better, but being that it's for a teens room, it's rather perfect.
I intend on buying her wireless headphones for it so she is able to listen to it without disturbing anyone outside of her room.
I would recommend this tv for a child, teen or guest room, but not for a living room if you're looking for some awesome sound unless you plan on hooking it up to a sound system.Was exactly what I wanted
I am a senior citizen. When Walmart started advertising the Sceptre TV's,at s a price I can afford. Yes I can get a new TV. I love Walmart.com the site was very easy to work with. They keep me informed about shipping and delivery dates.New TV
Great TV for the price. This was purchased for my kids and they love it. We hung it on the wall so I don't know anything about the stand it came with. The picture was not as clear as I would have liked, but the kids don't notice. and you can't beat the price.Great Price
We bought this TV for the bedroom. It's a little larger than what I thought I wanted, but once we got it home and set up, it's perfect! Not too big, not too small, fits well in the space. And what a great bargain for the price. The quality is astounding - better than I expected. The purchase was simple and hassle-free using ship-to-store. Definitely a win, all around.One of my best purchases
I read the reviews before purchasing this TV. Many complained about the sound. I went in the settings and increased the bass and the tone is great for a flat screen TV. You're not going to get a fantastic sound out of any low - mid range flat screen.

The picture quality is great. I'd recommend this TV to anyone wanting an inexpensive 32" flat screen. I paid about $220 on sale.Great TV
I love this television! I don't even watch traditional tv because Apple TV and my computer works so well on it. I can watch Netflix, YouTube, xfinity and more with my HDMI cables. Now I want one in every room!

I've also used as a monitor for business presentations.Joining the 21st Century Made Easy
I am not really an electronics "buff" but I purchased this TV for my husband for Christmas. Usually when I buy him electronics he exchanges what I purchased for what he wants. This TV he decided to keep. The TV is GREAT for the price. I bought it for $199 on sale and it is worth every dollar spent. It serves it's purpose and nice to be on board with the flat screen crowd (since we had tube tv's until this one). I would recommend this if you don't want anything fancy, but a nice TV.Great for price
I am really enjoying this TV - so much so, that I have purchased another one for my son. I agree with the other reviews regarding the sound quality. Not so great but not terrible either. Overall a good product and a great price.Excellent value
Great TV weither you want to use as big monitor, watch digital channels (not so good for analog ones though), or listen to your MP3 player. Great sound comparing to Samsung I had to return because of horribly low sound and missing plugs. This one has all the plugs and features you may need, conveniently located in two groups, asessible even when mounted on the wall.Just what I needed
The tv has a clear, shap picture. Easy set up. Exceptional value.Great tv for the price!
This TV is a great TV for the price has a good picture and sound. Bought one for my living room and then bought one for my husband and his man cave.Cindygreat buy
We purchased this flat screen TV to replace the one in the bedroom. How many things can I say about it? It's a great space-saver. We are very happy with the picture and sound quality. It sits in a perfect spot on a chest, so we just returned the wall mount that we had bought. Oh yeah, the TV can swivel on its base! We discovered this about a week after we started using it. Definitely a great value for the money we spent.Very Happy Campers
Easy to set up, and hock up, worked great right out of the box.Works great
Great Item. I was skeptical at first but after unboxing and setup (which was real easy) I fell in love with the TV! Perfect for watching movies and gaming too. Sound's great, Picture perfect, just as great as the higher end brands! Must buy to appreciate!!Great Buy! Cheap meets Quality.
The tv has a very good picture and sound quality very good .for the money you cannot beat it .great value for the price
for the money can't be beat, picture is great, sound is fine and the price was super, would recommend it to anyone! No complaints at all. Plenty of inputs, rca, composite, vga, hdmi.
Super TV so fargreat value!
I already have 2 larger hd tv's, bigger bells and whisles, and more to confuse you, but I've only had this one for 2 weeks and its my favorite by far. Would buy again.Can't beat it for the price
I purchased this TV for my bedroom and it more than meets my needs. I did read the reviews prior to my purchase and there were some concerns over the sound quality, but as I never really have the volume set higher than 3 or 4, I cannot confirm or deny those comments. For what I use the TV for, it is perfect. The sound, the picture, the size of the TV....they all exceeded my expectations for the amount of money I wanted to spend.Great TV for the price!
Have been looking for a good TV for guest room. This one has a good picture and good sound.Great TV for guest bedroom.
Good picture, decent sound - great price - can't go wrong.Great TV for the price
More and more TV's are doing away with DVD player, so nice this has one.TV/DVD Combo
I've had my Sceptre 32" for 2 weeks now and I am very pleased. The picture is perfect and it is very easy to operate. I wasn't familiar with the name brand, but I read the reviews and decided to take a chance. I am soo glad I did. I will be in the market for at least a 40" in the near future and will buy another Sceptre.I love this tv
I purchased this tv for my Xbox360. It's sitting alongside my Samsung 52" and, after some initial out of the box tweaking, the picture looks as good as the big guy. The real surprise though, was the amazing sound quality! For the price this is a must have.... UNBELIEVABLE!Outstanding!
I love my tv, I definitely got my moneys worth. For the price I paid Im highly satisfied with it and would recommend it to anyone.Great buy!
Very satisfied!!!!Great buy
Great picture and I can't believe it was only 199$. No lie I'm about to order another one. This is a must buy!Great picture
I love everything about it. Size and picture is great.Great price for the size
This TV was so nice I ordered another one after I hooked my first one up. For the price?!!?!? The Price was better than any where! The SOUND QUALITY IS NOT GOOD though!! I play around with my settings a lot to make the TV sound like I want it too. Maybe I just have sensitive ears or was use to my other TV. When this TV is on level 1 volume it is like comparing it to my other TV on 7 volume. But like I say you can adjust the sound settings. The picture is crisp and clean!Perfect for guest room
Good sound, great picture even outside!Great TV, used it on my covered deck
Had mine for almost a year. Everything still fine.
Tuned in over the air high definition picture and sound beautifully right out of the box. But I'm fussy about image quality so I fine tuned it with a Disney WOW calibration DVD. I could repeat all the nice things said elsewhere about picture quality but bottom line is it is good. If 32" is right for your purpose get this one. Don't spend more.

Two caveats:
1. Built in audio sounds awful like any other flat screen but has excellent equalized output to an external sound system;
2. 720p screen resolution wont get the best out of Blue Ray discs but for over the air broadcast, Netflix or cable it's fine.Why pay more?
Very easy to assemble, perfect picture... love it!GREAT product!
32" LCD for $ 191 - you cannot beat that!great price value/ratio!
Just a overall good picture for a 720p and the price. Good looking set. All the output and inputs
you need. Bought it for the cabin but want to take it home. Easy set up and adjustments.
The price is hard to beat for such a nice set.Great tv for the price.
I bought it for my bedroom and so far so good. Easy hook up, nice picture.Great TV for the price
I got this TV for only $199 and got free delivery to the store. It was easy to set up and the quality is excellent. For the size and the quality, I think it is a real bargain.Well Worth the Money
Bought this for my daughter's room. Hung it up on a wall with a wall mount kit. Nice picture. Okay sound. She likes it. Good value.Great TV for the Price
I purchased this for my grandson who is 17 and he loves it; he plays games and watches lots of movies. The graphics are great and the color is spectular an the price was excellent.Sceptre 32 in TV
Very happy with this tv and the speed of delivery.Great tv for the price.
At 32 inches, it just doesn't get better than this! We put this in our living room and got it on line for 179.99 just before christmas. It was recently being sold for 197, but still a great deal for this TV. Works Great as long as you have HD. I pay 5 bucks a month for charter HD and it is well worth it.

This TV replaced an older 27 inch tube... so for us 32 is plenty big enough and the electric bill won't be any more than it used to be. This TV will actually use less power...

Other than the typical sound issues, this has been great so far. Have had it going for about a week, so I can't speak to longevity issues, but from the other reviews it seems to be lasting fairly long. But just to make sure, I purchased the 3 year extended warranty for 20 bucks, so that made my total 210.00

I hope this helps.Great TV for the budget minded shopper!
Great little TV. Perfect for our bedroom. Picture quality is better than expected!! Absolutely no complaints.Great purchase
Awesome! Not difficult to set-up and work great!Awesome TV
works goodscepture
I purchased two of these for computer monitors and they work GREAT! I have both of them side by side mounted on a wall in my office. Each one is connected to a Toshiba Laptop using an RGB cable. (Yes, there are 2 laptops.) If all I did was get one laptop and one of these, it would still be fine, but I needed two.
For a computer monitor the picture is great. The sound quality is ok, but it's not very loud. I am not sure if it's because of the computer or not. I have an audio cable plugged in from the laptop to the back of the TV. I don't really use it for anything else, so I can't comment on any of the other features, but it was really easy to use and setup.
I have already recommended this to multiple people. Especially because Walmart.com was a LOT less than walking into the store.
In store the least expensive TV was way over 200.00 and this one was 189.00.
You can NOT beat that pricing!GREAT Computer Monitor
Very good quality. Would recommend these to anyone that needs a smaller TV. Plenty of HDMI ports.Bought these for the kids
Stand does come with TVsuperb quality for the $
I've only had the tv for 2 weeks but so far it had been great. I'm looking to get another one. A larger one this time possibly a 50 or 60 inch.Great Tv
ExcellentScepter led tv
Please note that I have only owned the TV for 2 weeks. The TV was delivered to my door very fast. The remote control was DOA so I called Sceptre and they must be having problems with the remote because they took my address and shipped it out immediately and never asked for a serial or invoice number. I got the remote in 3 days. I own a Sony 55", a Visio 24" 2 sanyo 22". On a scale of 1 to 10 the Sceptre picture is a 8.5 and features rank a 9.5.

GREAT SURPRISE. The sound was, like most LCD TVs was tinny and without any bass response. I expected that. I had a 2.1 (2 speakers and a subwoffer) on hand so I hooked them up to the headphone out jack and much to my surprise the remote volume control also controlled the headphone volume. This is VERY UNUSUAL so I considered it a BIG BONUS.

Next test is to see how long it will last.Pleasant Suprise
It works awesome I bought a 50 inch last year and it works awesome .love itGreat tv
I've used Sceptre televisions for years. Never have I been dissatisfied, and this one is no exception.Great product for a great price.
Pro's: Cheap, very easy to use menu, descent set of features, quick setup.

Cons: Poor options for sound and video adjustment. A little more control would have been nice but certainly not complaining as the price was perfect for what we needed.Can't beat the price!
We have had the TV for several months. It works great and has a great picture. We have had no issues what so ever with this product. The HD is crisp and clear.Great Buy & Great Picture
Just right for the bedroom or den. Nice picture that isn't distorted on a side glance - it's picture perfect off to a side as well as straight on. Sound is better than I expected after reading some other review. Light weight and sets up fast. Adjusted tint and hue from as-it-came. For the price it can't be beat ! A three-year warranty is more than reasonable and I always go this way after having too many other purchases fail a short time after the 1-year warranty expires. As I stated, for the price it was a best buy.Full room view
Love it- forget all the bad reviews bout this product.its a great pricce for a great product.Got here very fast.
This is a good television for the price. It has a good picture and is exactly what we needed for our daughters bedroom.Good TV for the price
Bought for my kids XBOX 360. They love the sound and the graphics look so good on this screen.Great Buy
I love my new TV. The only thing is the delivery guy left it on my porch and it was raining hard that day. Thank God he had wrapped it in plastic.Very nice TV.
No problems all goodvery good value, good product for the money,
I was a little nervous about the sound quality after reading the other reviews. Since the reviews were mixed, I went ahead and gambled that the sound would be fine. I bought this for my daughter's room. No, it doesn't have all of the new bells and whistles, but it is a very good TV. We have only had it plugged in for 2 days, so I can't comment on durability at this time. However, I will definitely update if I have problems.

For the price, I would highly recommend the TV.Excellent for the money
Picture is very good, but sound is very weak (no bass). No smart features, but I knew that.
Good value and a perfect bedroom TV.Looks good! Easily installed.
I am very happyGreat TV for anyone
Got this TV while the pre-black friday online only sale and haven't been disappointed yet! Great picture clarity and although it's a 720p it can convert to a 1080p viewing. Sounds really excellent when hooked up to surround sound system. Overall great pick up and you won't be unsatisfied with this pick.Great choice for my first HDTV!
I purchased 3 of these TV's last year for my grandchildren for Christmas they work great and the picture quality is great!!!! No compliants watched every night in there bedrooms, did wall mounts they connect well with any dvd or game connection .Great TV for the price
Great value.Great tv for the price
If your ine of those ppl like me who really understands that there is very little difference in technology within all brands than this TV is a no brainer buy it love it save the money .awesome tv.Crazy Crazy good No Great deal
Very impressed killer deal great pic and sound.Wasn't expecting much i was surprized with the pic which i diddn't have to calibrate and the sound quality.Great tv for kids or a bedroom good quality
got tired of renting to own, was able to finally purchase a tv, (I got 2 tv's)
have had them for about almost a month, seems to be a great deal so far
haven't had any issues, no big issues, I am just hoping then will last for many years to come.WHAT A WONDERFUL PURCHASE
This is my first HD TV ever and is working well for me after 7 months of owning it. Picture is crisp and bright. All the input and output jacks make it easy to connect lots of things like DVD, Cable Box, Roku Player, Nintendo Wii and external speakers all at the same time. Great value for the money. Screen is low glare which means I can have my living room table lamps on without seeing their reflections. Sound is only average, even after fiddling with the equalizer. Not bad, just not a lot of richness, and some obvious distortions (like buzzing for some sounds) even at medium volumes. So using a simple red/white RCA cable, I hooked up an old audio amplifier and a pair of bookshelf speakers. Downside is that now there is no remote volume control, but for watching movies and streaming music over Pandora with Roku, the difference in sound quality is night and day. Would recommend a similar old stereo setup, or even a sound bar system if good audio is important to you. Back to the over-all TV experience, remember that this is my main TV and gets lots of use every day. I wanted an inexpensive way to get started in HD television. Many of my local broadcasters, especially sports broadcast in the 720p format - same as this TV. At this size class (32 inches diagonal) there isn't much difference between that and 1080i, and I am happy with the picture fidelity. Will the X333BV last as long as my old tube TV did? Probably not, but at this price I am pleased with my purchase.After 7 months still enjoying it
Had never heard of the brand but it popped up on daily deals & I wanted a t.v for my bedroom. When it arrived it was better than I expected !Great Value
We paid $180 for the TV. We needed a specific size to fit in our TV stand. My husband wanted to buy a name brand but at that price we had to give it a shot. Very glad we did. The only issues we have had are minor. We had to unplug it and replug it in a couple of times then it was fine. The sound is not great but that is what surround sound is for. We are thinking of buying another one.great tv for the price
Great TV. Easy to set up and ready immeaditly to watch. We bought it for the basement hidaway for my husband to go to and watch in the cool, quiet, basement for when grandkids come visiting and take over the one "he" uses in the family room!! Great save!! I think it is also for when he is tired of honeydo items his wife wants him to do!!Great TV. Great picture and value!!! Wow!!
Was concerned after reading all the reviews. However have been extremely happy with the purchase. Unfortunately for us the sound is extremely loud. I'd been hoping for one that wouldn't go very loud.(my teenage sons tv for his room) However he said it goes too loud even for him. All in all we are very happy with this tv.Great tv for a great low price.
works goodexcellent for the price
Connected to cable, started the channel search, in minutes I was watching my favorites. It's everything I wanted.Great TV for the price!
The sale was excellent, the features are great and the picture quality is very good!Best buy for the money!
I bought this TV for my guest room. It replaced an old TV that was not HD. I chose the Sceptre because of other reviews and the price.
It did not disappoint. It was easy to set up with Cable input. My guest (who stays with me often) set up some favorites easily.
This is my first LCD HDTV so I can't compare it to other brands on features, but I certainly can on price! For 2/3 of the price of the least expensive of the other brands, this is a great bargain. I am thinking about getting one for my bedroom.Incredible Value!
I made a wise choice! It is perfect in my bedroom the picture is very clear and the sound is remarkable. I have to make sure that I turn it down so I won't keep the kids up at night. This tv has many features and I am enjoying learning how to use them all. If you buy it you won't regret it.Excellent price
I was extremely surprised. Great product for the money.. clear picture and sound very easy to connect to my Direct TV. Wa easy to carry home in my small car. Will buy again.Wow... great value for your money
Have 2 for the bedrooms and they work great for there. I wish there was a way to make the picture more dim for little bedrooms at night time but we have had the tvs around 15 months and haven't had any issues with the tv. We don't know the code for the remote for the dish and have some small issues with changing channels with the dish remote will sometimes change the tv channel.Great for the money
This one replaced my old tube style TV in the bedroom. I've been waiting to get my HD dish receiver hooked up and finally got it done yesterday. I was a bit hesitant to get a TV with the the 720p resolution but I was surprised at how good the picture is. The sound isn't the greatest but it's fine for our bedroom. It has meet my expectations given the price I paid. This is a good, value priced television that I would buy again.Nice TV at a good price
this is my first flat screen hd TV and i absolutely love it would defiantly recommend this awesome picture awesome sound the picture is so good it looks like it is real well i hope my review helps youawesome tv
Love this TV.Bought for bed room perfectvery good for price
Ordered this TV online since the store didn't have it. Received it via FedEx (free shipping) in 3 days !! Very pleased about that. Hooked it up without a problem and very satisfied with the picture and sound quality. the ports for other devices is multiple .. of course I don't understand any of that stuff so for others who use those electronic devices this TV has them all. I would recommend this TV to anyone.. This went in our bedroom and for the price we paid we feel it is a genuine bargain...Great Deal
It picks up other cable channels that none of the other TV's will here.Good buy
We have never ordered from Walmart on-line and were very pleased with the service. Our television was delivered on a very timely manner with no hassles and the quality of the television well surpassed our expectations. It was an overall great experience and would not hesitate to purchase from Walmart on-line again. Thank you.Very pleased with the quality of this product.
I bought 2 of these units for my sons and daughters rooms. TV's look very nice and have great picture. Sound is even below par for a flat panel. Bass sounds like speaker is blown. You can turn the bass down and it will take that away. Overall great TV for the money.NIce TV for the money
loved that it came with a thank you note.
idk if all tv purchases do.
it came with batteries, lil screw driver etc.
so far i'm happy with it.lightweight. comes with a thank you note.
My mom loves the TV! It has a great picture. I decided to buy a new TV because to repair the old one wasn't worth it. At the same time, I didn't want to spend an arm and a leg. The shipment came sooner than expected. Three cheers for Wal-Mart and the price ($189)!I don't bother writing these often...
ExcellentGreat picture
I was amazed at the picture quality on this TV. I had a refurbished LED tv before, and the Sceptre blows it away. I love the fact that I can hook my monitor to the TV and watch movies and series on the TV from on the web.

I will be buying a Sceptre 40" within the next six months. Sceptre is well worth the price and does exactly what I need it to do.Sceptre 32" LCD HDTV
I was able to get this TV on sale for $179 as a Pre Black Friday special. I already own a 50in of the same brand so i was confident that it would meet my needs like the other one has... And it sure did, it really is a great TV the sound is good as well as the quality.Great TV for the Price
This was my first wide screen television, been wanting one for years and I finally made the purchase, read all the reviews before purchase. I'm very pleased with my purchase, great price and excellent quality. If you're like me and this is your first wide screen, Sceptre LCD 32inch was a good choice, I recommend this product.I Love This T.V.
We probably have like 4 laptops and a desktop computer, don't have cable, we don't really watch TV. So we had an old 14in obsolete TV that we kept around, in case we wanted to hear the local channel (idk, news?) in the background. Since like 2010 (?) everything is now digital so we started needing the converter box to connect the antenna for the TV so that we can get the local channels. Our converter box broke, and where we checked, the box was going to cost us at least $50 or more. So it was time for us to finally get a slightly bigger flat screen (to avoid needing the converter box). This one was so cheap I thought (with tax it came up to about $206). Delivered fairly quickly in perfect condition. So far so good, things look clear and nice.

Oh by the way, I also learned that this TV (or the newer HDTV for that matter) don't make the weird high pitch sound (that can be heard when the TV is on, only people under certain age can hear). Explains how outdated my old TV was. Nice product for how much you pay.Great price for what you get.
Great valuegreat value
This is my second Sceptre TV. Great quality, amazing value! The stand allows it to swivel! At this price the purchase was a no-brainer! Don't know how WalMart does it... but the value of this set for the price cannot be beat!Great TV
I bought this TV because of the great price and was very happy to find that it does indeed have a great picture and great sound. Easy to setup and very pleased. I did also buy the warranty and have only had it for about a month or two. Hopefully I will never need the warranty but i figured since I was familiar with the name it would be worth the extra few dollars.So far so great
Video games look awesome on it. Set up is very user-friendly...GREAT starter High Def TV
This is a terrific value. The picture quality is better than TV's 3 x's the price. You absolutely can't go wrong with this purchase.Great TV !
I was very surprized at the quality picture from our complex tv service. I even get the HDTV chanels from it with no extra equipment!Great value for the price
Very good price and arrived after 4 days. Picture and sound good. One pixel is dead - maybe that's the reason for the low price.Very good bargain
A very good buy indeed. Get one of these. At this price you cannot beat it. This TV is also a very good PC monitor. Try finding a 32 inch monitor for this price.Very good computer monitor too!
I actually have two of these for different rooms. They're really great little TVs. A great value!Great TV
It is just the right size: small enough to handle easily, and big enough to see! And the price was right. It has a great picture. I am well satisfied.It is just the right!
I read the reviews from people who bought the Sceptre 32" Class LCD 720p 60Hz HDTV, X322BV-HD and I was encouraged to buy this product online. We've only had this tv for about a week, but I can see it's a great product for the money....simple as that. I noticed there are some reviewers here giving out a lot of unnecessary technical explanations about this tv that are useless for most people. All I needed to know what that it had a good resolution, good color, good sound....this tv meets all those requirements. We're not talking about a $2,000.- tv, folks....just $200.- so why all the sophisticated hight tech reviews?? lol, lol, lol. I would definitely recommend this Sceptre model to people who are looking for a good, inexpensive television. Enough said. A big thank you to the manufacturers for creating a great produc for people on a budget, like us.HAPPY WITH MY PURCHASE
I love this TV. It was right at $200 shipped to my door. Walmart shipped it much faster than promised. My bedroom TV was having issues, it was an old 24" LCD with an Analog tuner and not HD. The Sceptre 32" nicely replaced it. The picture quality is excellent, the sound is very good for an inexpensive TV. The Sceptre has a generous amount of inputs, 3 HDMI, 1 Cable, 1 Monitor, 1 ypdir (3 way video). It also has several outputs for sound. I would not hesitate buying another one of these, or hesitate recommending family of friends to buy one. Walmart offered free site to store, which is nice. But they offered $5 delivery to my house which was well worth it. It would be easy to drive to my nearest Walmart to pick it up, then get it to the car . . . etc. But it was much easier seeing a FedX truck in my driveway and have it delivered to my door.
If you want a nice inexpensive HDTV, this is a great choice for the money.Sceptre 32" 720 HDTV an awesome value !
It works beautifully and picture is great it reminds me of letter box viewing without the black lines on the top and below. The picture is clear and the sound is great with all the bells and whistles. You'll really enjoy this TV.A great view
It was just what the boys in the dorm needed for a television!Perfect for college dorm room!
Great Value! Great Product! You can afford to buy two!!GREAT VALUE!
easy set-up-- outstanding picture-- only had this for a few days, but so far so good.-- looking forward to trying all the features---sale price was the clincher!first reaction
I Bought this television for my son's room. He is an avid video gamer and the standard definition set was not cutting the mustard, as most games are now designed for HD. It was very easy to connect X-box and other electronic devices. The sound quality isn't the greatest, but is at least average to others I have heard. Actually the picture quality is better than the high end name brand model I have in my bedroom. If my bedroom HD was to fail...I would have no reservations picking one of these up for myself.For the money, this is a great television
I got this for a birthday gift and I was going to get it myself and just thankful that I got it.Just what I wanted
Bought this to replace an old CRT tv.. When it was 1st hooked up.. It had just a non hd input and was not really very impressive, but once I had it hooked up to the hd source.. The picture was great.. As long as it holds up.. Hits will be a great buy.. And all for $178 dollars..Very nice
Bought this as a gift for my son for Christmas. It is in his bedroom & he primarily uses it to play XBOX 360 but also uses it to watch TV. I havent heard any complaints about it yet so it must be performing adequately. :)Can't beat the value
This tv exceeded my expectations! Everything about it is great! It's sleek, crisp, overall great TV for the price. I especially loved the super-quick Walmart shipping!Nice TV for a phenomenal price!
My 16 yr old son and I Set it up on Christmas day (his present) to replace the old CRT 32" TV he was using. HUGE improvement!

The small text is readable now, the graphics are clearer, and the field-of-view is much wider.

The teams player list now show up on the right side instead of over the center of the game action.

My son went from averageing a score of 11-15 kills to a high of 38 kills!

Great for COD MW3 as well!

The XBOX 360 avatar menu actualy shows 4-1/2 users at a time instead of just 3 to select from.

I only wish the TV had Wi-Fi, but maybe a more expensive model has Wi-Fi.Great for COD Ghost on XBOX 360!
After about one month, the sceptre tv has performed well. Easy to set up and use with Directv is great. Shipping was exceptional.tv has met expectations
We are glad that we purchased this particular TV. It was a great value for this size. We would recommend it to anyone.This is an excellent TV.
I really like this TVgreat tv good price
Outstanding Picture and sound quality, light weight but durable, easy to assemble base that swivels
left to right, did research on the name Sceptre, this product is made by SONY, so this makes this product worth the purchase, i would recommend this product to any one, now they need to make
this into a Smart TV.Very nice TV.....
I purchased this tv for bedroom. Good clear pics. great quality for the price. Also shipping was fast ordered online one day received it the next. This is my second week of usage, absolutely no problems.Great buy!
creat tv and very fast deliverynice tv and fast delivery
I had my doubts on a low price 32" tv, As soon as I got it I hooked up the base plugged the set in, attached 2 hdmi cords and turned it on. I couldn't believe my eyes, the picture and sound were perfect. Didn't have to do any adjusting at all.

Great buy at Walmart!Fantastic 32" tv
The set up was so easy. They provide very easy to follow instructions and even included the screwdriver needed. The price was fantasticVery easy set up
GreatGreat
JUST WISH IT WAS 1080P BUT 720 REALLY DOESNT MAKE MUCH OF A DIFFERENCE. THE PICTURE IS BEAUTIFUL AND THE EASE OF USE AND SETUP IS AMAZING. DONT BE FOOLED BY THE NAME THIS TV REALLY IS MADE BY ANOTHER VERY WELL KNOWN MANUFACTURE ITS JUST AN OFF SHOOT OF IT. EVERYONE HAS BOUGHT ONE OF THERE TVS BEFORE AND LOVED THEM. NOT SAYING WHO OR ANYTHING MORE. DO YOUR OWN CHECKING!!!!!!! BELIEVE ME YOU WANT THIS TV FOR THE PRICE, QUALITY AND THE EASE OF USE VGA, 3 HDMI, USB, OPTICAL AUDIO OUT, EVERYTHING YOU WILL EVER NEED IS ON THIS TV. I BOUGHT A 40" TV LED AND THIS HAS A BETTER PICTURE, MORE FEATURES AND IS A LOT BETTER TV BY FAR. SPEND YOUR MONEY ON THIS ONE DONT BE FOOLED BY NAME BRAND THIS IS A NAME BRAND JUST CANT TELL YOU WHO MAKES IT THEY WONT LET ME DO IT. TRUST ME BUY THIS TV!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!THE PICTURE IS SO GOOD FLIES ARE ATTRACTED TO IT
Nice set - being used for son's Xbox 360 and it exceeded my expectations.For $209 out-the-door, can't be beat
I've had this tv twice before (I was burglarized.) I am obviously extremely happy with it. I purchased it from a different source before and paid up to $395 plus shipping for it. This time around I got it for less than $200 with free shipping from Walmart! WooHoo! It came early. Ready to watch out of the box. I couldn't be happier...again. Love it, love it, love it!!Fantastic Value!
We bought this for our bedroom and since we don't have HD accessibility in their, it made sense to stay with a tv that was 720. picture and sound are far better than we anticipated. only problem seems to be with our satellite provider and setting up the remote to work both. our satellite provider does not recognize Sceptre as a brand of tv.very good picture and sound
Great TV at a very reasonable price cant be beat at store price Walmart.com best price with free deliveryGreat TV and good price
I was very impressed with this tv for the price. The picture is very clear and the features are easy to use and understand. The only thing that could be better is the sound. The sound is very clear it's just not a deep type of sound, but it is a flatscreen so it's understandable. I'm more impressed with this tv than our 55" RCA and our 27" Sanyo and they both cost alot more money.Great Value
This is a second tv for our bedroom. I mounted it on the wall. The setup was very easy. The picture quality is excellent. I have owned it for 3 weeks so I can't comment on the reliability.
I would get another Spectre.Great TV for the price. Easy to setup.
After set up the quality is awesome. The exception is connections at the rear of the TV are not easily identified.Great Value
I bought this for my 9 year old son's room so he could play his PS3 on an HD TV! It works great for him!Good for PS3!
I am enjoying my new tv,i am very please that I got both of my tvs at walmartsGreat tv
I ordered this for my son's new apartment and he loves it. This is a outstanding TV for $189.00 I did a lot of searching and could not find another at the 32" size at this great price. It also had a lot of very good reviews. It looks great!Great TV for Great Price!
The TV is an excellent value. The picture quality is great. It looks expensive and it is slim. At $209 it is a great deal. I am ordering another one tonight!Excellent value for a 32 inch TV.
This television is great. The picture is very clear and the sound is good. I was looking for a good television for my living room and did not have much money to spend. I found this online and was a bit concerned because it is not a major name brand (I have never heard of Sceptre before). However this television is just as good as my mother's Samsung. I would recommend this television to anyone looking for a good television at really good price!Great Television for the Price
We bought this TV for our guest room. The first one arrived and didn't work. We easily returned the TV to the store and had the new one delivered directly to our home. The TV stand was easy to assemble and the TV picture quality is really, really good. The sound on it is better than the RCA we have. We definitely recommend!Great TV, great value.
Very satisfied with this television. Has a beautiful picture. Like the fact it will swivel right and left just enough for viewing from a different angle in the room. Also the control buttons, located on the right hand side of TV, are great when one misplaces the remote.Perfect TV for Bedroom
Based on price and other customer reviews I purchased this for my bedroom. I needed a wall mount and called the customer service from the brocure. I got right through. I found one (wall mount) for $29.00 also sold at Walmart.com.. I am pleased with it. When I rated the sound 4 instead of 5 stars, it is becuase one needs to tweak it when you get it home. I think I still needs to do some adjusting but for the most part is good.Bedroom TV
We are very satisfied with this purchase so far. The TV seems to be of good quality. The picture and sound are great. Very happy with this purchase. I would recommend this TV..Great TV. Delivery was very quick.
This is my second purchase of this particular brand. My daughter has had hers for a year. Great picture clarity. When my son wanted a larger TV I didn't hesitate in ordering this one.. I also received a great price!Excellent Value
After purchasing this TV. I was really satisfied with the picture and the user friendly guide. I had never heard of the brand Sceptre, so I was a little hesitant. Then I read the other reviews and thought, why not? So yes I am very satisfied...Wasn't too sure at first
I got this TV for my room's Home Theater PC (HTPC) it performed well and have had no significant problems. I'm a college student so cheaper=better.

Many people complained about the sound. THIS CAN BE FIXED IN THE SOUND SETTINGS. Turn down the Bass level and it sounds wayyyyy better. Another option is buying a $50 Visio Speaker bar from your local walmart.

If you just want a cheap TV that performs alright, look no further.Great TV for the Price!!!
Have nothing bad to say. Free ship to store, arrived in less than 3days, great price, great picture quality.. Ok the tv stand wobbles a little no big deal! Awesome tvWonderful tv for under 200.00
Good tv for the price. Great picture quality depending on the program or movie.Good for the price
We are very happy with this TV it meets and surpasses all expectations that we had for the price. We think this is an excellent value. We use this as our TV in the bedroom and couldn't be happier.GREAT TV FOR THE PRICE
I bought this for my sons room for Christmas, I don't have any flat panel TVs so I didn't know what to expect. A friend of mine at work said he had bought one (not this brand) and the picture was horrible when watching normal TV so now I was worried even though the main purpose was for gaming. But this TV is awesome!. The picture is crystal clear. I only have an antenna, no cable or anything and when it set up the channels it found 118, everyone of them comes in perfect. With all the inputs and outputs I can do everything I need and more. I got it at a great price. They raised it after I bought it but to me it's still worth the money. You won't find anything to compare to this without spending another $50.00 to $100.00.Great TV
We bought this TV for my mother in law and she absolutely loves it! It has great video and sound quality. It is a heck if a deal! I would have bought it too but I'm looking into a smart tv! definitely would recommend this to anyone and everyone!If only it was a Smart TV
Bought this TV for my 18 year old son for his bedroom. This TV is great for the money, very clear picture and would buy another one if needed. Definitely would recommend this TV!Great TV for the money
Great price for a 32 inch HDTV, I bought the extended 2 year warranty also.
Put a HD Cable box on this puppy, and it will knock your socks off.
The sound is awful "Tinny" so I'll add a pair of external speakers to it.
It's just my opinion but i think SONY made the motherboard, the manual stated that if you
couldn't find the Sceptre codes to program your remote control try the SONY codes....Great Price.
bought this for our 16y.o teenager as xmas gift. hooked up to xbox, computer, etc and still works great as tv. am thrilled we were able to get her bigger screen for smaller dollars. now going to buy one for ourselves and other children also. definitely worth the money.great tv for the money!!
Easy set up. Menu is easy to navigate, sound is good. I would reccomend this tv to anyone. I would buy this brand again. I was a little iffy about the name brand because I had never heard of it. If that is how you are feeling don't that shouldn't you purchasing this great deal.Great TV for price
I purchased this TV because of the value. It was a great price for the size. I read reviews from others after ordering and was very scared I might end up with a dud. Shipping time took a little longer than I was happy with, but within the estimated time frame. It was very easy to put stand on the TV and to get everything set up. Only has one set of composite jacks, but happy it has three HDMI ports. Only had it a week and a half, but I am very happy so far. Great picture and perfect size for a bedroom.Happy so far
I'm using this primarily as a computer monitor. I'm able to game, browse and do other work using the hdmi input for better video quality. There are many inputs on this TV. The sound is not the loudest, but that can be rectifed by plugging in a set of amplified computer speakers/subwoofer for excellnt sound.extremely happy with this tv
This is an EXCELLENT buy!!! You're not gonna find anything better AT THIS PRICE! Picture quality is great, sound is very good, and the size is perfect for what I need. I am extremely satisfied with my purchase!Terrific TV!
good picture and very economically priced.great tv for the price
This tv has a great picture and so far has worked great. I have only had it 1 1/2 month, and it's in the bedroom and has not been used that much, but so far it has been wonderful and great size.So far so good
Very good for the priceEXCELLENT
Upon arrival and easy set up of this TV - it's one of the few times that I've been pleasantly surprised by a product from value to performance. For the price, the picture quality is as good as my Sony's in the house at 1/4 of the price!
I've never heard of Sceptre before so I figured I would roll the dice for a basement workout room tv - within one week, my husband relocated it to our wall mount TV in our kitchen and put the Sony flat screen in my workout room! He's all about visual presentation and he was sold on this tv the first time he came down to workout. I will DEFINITELY buy another Sceptre TV - likely within the month.Skeptics read this! You will be a believer
Was a bit nervous purchasing this tv.."ya get what you pay for" kinda thing, but Im super impressed!! Great tv, great picture and it shipped in less than 48 hrs using just standard shipping from Walmart.com....hopefully wont have issues in the future with this TV.Great Value
I purchased my Sceptre 32" tv the 30th of December, 2013.
It got here when they said it would. That was my first surprise!
Great picture quality, and great sound... I am ordering the proper cord to hook it up to my desk top so I can use it for a pc monitor as well....Man this is so cool!

IT WAS A HIGH QUALITY PRODUCT, PURCHASED AT A REASONABLE PRICE, AND WORTH EVERY PENNY! THANK YOU WALMART!Excellent quality, excellent price!
Awesome sound and picture!Great tv for price
The picture is great and sound in fantastic. I like that is has several HDMI ports and the ability to hook it up to the PC. I purchased this for my 13yr old who is a gamer and he loves it. I am going to purchase one for myself as well since it way out performs the 15 in in my bedroom. I show it to my sister and she purchased one the next day. Great deal and at $200 bucks WOW!Great Value on 720p TV
Good Product, more than expected, FANTASTIC delivery time. A+ value (price + quality = value.)+++++VALUE++++++
This tv met my needs although it was not the brand I planned to buy.
So far, it has been an excellent product and I am pleased with this purchase.This tv met my expectations.
Pretty good especially price.pretty good
This TV is an excellent value! Highly recommended.Buy This One!!
Hey all!! This tv is great I have had it for 2 weeks and no problems..great sound and video!!! =)Great tv!
Very good inexpensive tv. Very Happy With the picture.Has feachers only found on mor costly tv's.
This an excellent product, Very good picture,color,and sound. Easy instrucions and the hookups where easily found and was right where the booklet said they were. The price was the Best, just where this item was made for the ones who wants the cost/value to be highest.My Sceptre 32"/LCD
We bought this for our teenage son for his room and he fell in love with it. He loves playing all his video games and watching movies on this TV. This was the best value TV we found anywhere for a new TV not reconditioned.Great for an extra room.
I purchased this TV as a second "big screen" (well, it's big for me). For the cost -- $169.00, delivered -- I just couldn't pass it up! It has been a pleasant surprise on ALL levels, as I noted in my ratings. Comparing it to my other 32" TV, it is just as good if not better. I actually think the picture is better, and I KNOW the sound is. Being unfamiliar with Sceptre products when I ordered it, I would not hesitate to consider them for other items in the future. Buy with confidence; I don't think you will be disappointed.An amazing value!
We bought this TV for my Queen's retreat (Guest Room). It's a great TV expecially for the price. Picture quality is good. I wished it would have come in sooner but it did come in by the promised date.Great TV for a Great Price
I read the reviews and had none of the bad problems that others reported.
The HDTV will only preform as good as the input. DVD quality thru HDMI was great, Netflix thru PC and RGB connection was great, my basic Cable thru Charter was iffy, but I tweeked my coax cable connector and that got better, or Charter is actually sending a better signal, (in my dreams).
As a PC monitor, I am totally impressed. I can read it across the room without my "windows".
I honestly have no complaints, bear in mind, it has only been two weeks.
It is a second TV, located in my dining room, because my girlfriend and I love "Dinner and a Movie", it has actually become the primary HDTV.
I hope all of you have the same experience as me. BTW, shipping was fast and free (ordered late afternoon and arrived before noon, day 3). The HDTV also had way more connectors than I could figure out on the webpage, if it didn't, would have been a return to a "brick and mortar" Walmart.
Happy Camper.Great replacement for my Vizeo 22", 1080p
So far awesome product for the price. Easy set up, decent quality. Very pleased, will buy another. Good buy!Exceptional Value
Excellent tv and great value.Excellent Tv
I order my 32 inch Sceptre television about over a week ago and had it ship to the store closest to me. I paid about 240 dollars which includes the 2-year warranty and all the taxes. I went yesterday and picked it up the nice man put the T.V. in the cart and I was on my way. I get home and I open up the box in the box you get the T.V. a controller that comes with 2 AAA batteries, a screwdriver, 5-6 screws, a guide and the warranty. I pick together my T.V. by the way the screwdriver and screws are for the base of the T.V., so anyway after setting up the base I hooked up my Xbox 360 with the HDMI cable and when I set my display options on my Xbox 360 to 720p it looked amazing no ghosting while playing or when watching movies on Netflix. The sound quality of this T.V. is way beyond a 5 and so is the picture quality. This T.v is worth the money go pick it up and enjoy it.Sceptre will soon become a big name brand!
I have the Samsung 60" 3D Plasma tv in my living room and have the Sceptre 40" tv in my bedroom. I liked the 40" so I got the 32" for my other bedroom.Great tv for a spare bedroom.
Love it! Beautiful picture! Only complaint, if you plan on using it on a stand, it's top heavy and doesn't seem very sturdy. I think it's well worth it for the price!Nice TV for the price
I just got the tv a couple of weeks ago. So far, so good. It was also pretty easy to sync to my directv remote. Use the Sony settings.So far, so good.
Hey for the price, I think its a cool tv...so far so goodnice
Very good and reasonably priced tv.television
very good productgood picture
I purchased this TV to replace a Vizio that had lost it's picture. I am very happy with the picture and sound quality. Its very thin and would fit anywhere. I was on a tight budget and worried about purchasing a this, but I would definitely recommend this.Pleasantly surprised
great tv for the price. Put it in the bedroom to watch at night.great tv for the price.
Very good purchase.Excellent TV at a very good price.
I paid $189 for the TV. It works fantastic. I bought an HDMI cable the day before my TV was delivered and it looks GREAT connected to my DirecTV box on the HD channels. It looks nice and clear and the colors really stand out. I don't have it mounted on a wall. I'm not sure if I'm going to do that yet! The sound is decent. It doesn't go very loud.. After around 20 it doesn't really go louder it just stays the same while the numbers say the volume is increasing. It looks really good on the "Vivid" picture settings but it uses more power. If you watch like sports or racing, this wouldn't be the TV for you because the picture is kinda laggy. It looks blurry when it's moving fast. Probably due to only being 60Hz. If you're just watching sitcoms and reality shows and other types of shows then it'd be perfect. I do recommend an external form of audio like computer speakers or a home audio system.Great TV for the price
just received this set about 2 weeks ago so far it is okayNice TV plays good
Came into store 4 days before ship date stated. I use this for a bedroom set and it's lite and fits very well on top of chest. Sleep timer works in 10 min. steps verses 30min like one of my other sets does. All in all a very good buy sharp picture and good sound. Even when cable transmitts in 480I.Set up is very easy even comes with it's own screw
I was looking for a replacement TV to go in master bedroom as I just got a new, smaller TV shelfing unit & trying to update the room. I could not be happier with this purchase as it fit all my criteria for size & did not break the bank as far as price. We are amazed at the quality as it has ample hook ups for my DVD player, VCR, home theater. It's just the perfect TV as it's picture is wonderful and the sound fabulous. I would recommend this TV to anyone looking for this size as they should not be disappointed. We are thrilled with this purchase & it was delivered to my door which made the entire process so easy. Happy, happy.Best price anywhere & great quality
I am glad I made this purchase. Other reviews were positive and I was looking for a TV for my bedroom. It was shipped timely and safely and was quite easy to set up. I've had it for three months and no problems at all. I am considering a larger TV for my den and will most likely purchase another Sceptre. This was well worth the buy!Pleased As Punch
The Direct tv remote cannot be programed to work this tv, that is the only problem we have had.Great for the money
Great value, work as advertized.work great for what i wanted.
For $210- this was an amazing deal. LED, that's $6.57 an inch! ( My old rule of thumb for a good deal on a flat screen was $10.- an inch.)Can not beat it for the price!
I'm not savy about electronics, alls I know is I am happy with this TV, I just upgraded to this in my bedroom and view in HD and its great! The stand even sivels, I was like wow.Sharp and Sleak
I love the size and it has great sound.Great tv for a new apartment hunter
I am absolutely thrilled with my new tv. It only took a couple days to deliver & it works perfect. Love the sleekness & beautiful picture. Very happy with my purchase! TY! :)Great value for a 32 " TV
Easy set up and great picture right out of the box. Had it for 10 days and it has worked perfectly. So far it exceeds expectations for the price!Easy set up!
I missed the sales on Cyber Monday only to find this TV on sale 2 days later. It was shipped promptly & based on shopping around, a real value. The quality for the price exceeded my expectations. It is mounted on my daughter's bedroom wall & she plans to use it for her xbox games, movies & our tv service.I am very satisfied with this product.
Good value, I paid $179, for a bedroom TV. Easy set-up and a very nice picture. I also purchased a 4 year service agreement for only $24 as insuranceNice TV for bedroom
This tv is the best. My brother got one last year and convinced me. The good news is MADE IN AMERICA!Made in America!
Not bad for the price. Could have had a better sound quality.You get what you pay for.
fast delivery and good quality for a reasonable pricevery sleek
Tv works great! I recommend it anybody.Love it!
Am just loving it quality an everything is 5 star....Great TV
Got it for my Grandson's room works great he loves itGreat TV
We are very pleased with this purchase.Impressed
Very easy to set up. Good picture quality. Great bedroom tv.Great buy
I purchased the 32 inch Sceptre tv two months ago. I love it. The automatic timer cuts the tv off when i fall asleep. I am definitely going to purchase a larger model , the screen is crisp and clear , it also has a great stereo sound to it. I definitely recommend this product, especially if you like quality tv viewing.just for me
Just bought tv and it is great for my bedroom. Fits great on my dresser and shipping came much faster than it says.. Comes with everything to set up even the screw driver.Great tv
I don't normally review products, but I feel a need to do so here because it is such an OUTSTANDING VALUE.

The picture quality is great and is a full 1080p, unlike almost every other 32" TV in this price range and for hundreds more.

Setup is easy, I mounted it on a wall using the Ematic 30-64" TV Wall Mount Kit (also great).

What really impressed me was that the parts were all in reseable bags for those you didn't need and it even included a screwdriver to assemble this TV stand.Excellent Product Outstanding Value
Have no complaints at all. I love this tv.Love it
This is my second TV by this brand and I love it...Great TV
User friendly type of set up
Input and output connection in and outlets well placed
Picture ad sound qualities excellent for the price
Still have to wait and see how all the above can endure
( Point of reference : I have a 19" Toshiba with me for the past 20 years and, believe it or not, nothing has changed in terms of picture quality, color, and sound.)Good quality for the price
Great value for the price!TV
The pictue quality is very good and the features are everything I wanted and expected. I am very happy with this product.This is an excellent value buy.
TV has a good picture and sound, but the remote does not work.Good Buy
Great pic and sound! Super light! Only prob I had was I had to get different cables to hook up to my cable box :/ - but everything else is great!Pretty Good Product
i have searched and researched many led lcd plasma tvs and we needed one for the bedroom when cyber monday came i found this one its the right size for size room we went from a old 25in to this 32 in. it was very simple to setup and hookupmy first time owning a flat screen tv
This was very easy to put together and get it up and running.this is a great TV
Our first flatscreen. We love it. Now we wish we had a 70 inch though, especially when we watch cirque du soleil.Great TV, got at good price
This tv was a great bargin and I'm loving it.LOVING IT
I was a little sceptical because I have never heard of Sceptre before but so far it has been a great bedroom tv.Great tv for the price.
I chose this item because of the sale price. It is a good value for the money spent. It was very easy to set-up for use. My 13 year old grandson did it with me reading the manual. I like the look and compactness of the set. Small frame gives maximum picture.Easy set-up
Our TV went out without warning, so I researched the least expensive brands and chose this one from Walmart, knowing that at least at Walmart they had a good return policy if the TV was not a good one. So far, we have been very happy with this Sceptre TV. It is lightweight, looks good, is a perfect size for our room, has a great picture and sound and I never thought I had any use for the swivel feature, but when I am watching by myself, I turn the screen completely in my direction and its like watching at the movie theater. With free shipping, the TV was shipped right to my door in just 3 days which was wonderful. No crowded stores, no loading or unloading, just carry it a few steps and hook up only took a few minutes. We love it so far.Great buy
Good picture. Plenty of connections on the back. Looks good.Nice TV
* This is my first flat screen. I finally caved in after my 15 year old RCA stopped working and I had to move it.It was so heavy,that's one thing about the new one-it is light,the picture is good,it took like 5 minutes to hook it up and I am glad I bought it.
It is not too loud,which I am glad for because my pet peeve is a TV that is super loud.
The picture is good too,the colors are natural and realistic looking.Reasonable price-great TV
Everything I wanted and needed.This TV is wonderful
I'm very satisfied with my TV , I've just got it yesterday an its ultra slim nice built nice size an works great perfect for my bedroom love it.great product
Great customer service. I couldn't figure how to connect my cable box and called customer service who helped me connect in a few minutes so I could enjoy using it. I'm impressed especially of how it works and the price.Love it
Image and resolution great. Great tv for under $300.Can't beat the price
Have always liked Sceptre pc monitors I'm sure at christmas when it's opened
it will be all I hoped it to be!!!!!!!Have always liked Sceptre pc monitors
Love it works great. Great picture. So many hook upsperfect:)
Ordering and delivery very easy. The TV seems to be a real value. So good in fact that I ordered the second one.Great value.
This was a gift for my sister and it was easy to set up. Fast delivery.Great TV
I bought this exact TV for my son for Christmas and it totally exceeded my expectations. It's so lightweight I can pack it whenever we go to visit family out of state. The picture is incredible!!! Best buy ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!Amazing!!!
Purchased for use in facility - works greatJust Perfect
I purchased this for my daughter who just moved into her first apartment. Easy set up, great picture and swivel base. Great TV for $179.00.Great TV for a super low price
Product delivered to my door well within the time frame allowed in excellent condition. TV is very light and easy to install on stand provided. Picture quality equal to same we have with our Sony 41" HDTV.great product for price
I had purchased this TV for my parents. It is their first hdtv. They REALLY like it. The shipping was fast to their home. The quality for the price is exceptional. It took all of 5mins to set it up for them, it could not be easier. They tell me it's easier than their older tv. Thanks Walmart!Great price for 32"
It's awesome productit's awesome product
Bought it for my Father and it is a big hit. Nice picture on just. Digital cable. Sound could be improved on and he likes it loudGreat value
Great Starter Fkat screen TV, yes it is bigger and the quality is definitely there. Great as an everyday TV, used mine to work with Xbox, my son is now spoiled#2 inches at its best
This t.v. is by far the best i have ever bought at such a low price. The picture & sound is great.It also has a lot of other features.A great buy at a great price.
everything went great !!!!!!great
This TV has a lot of options and whiz bang things I don't need now but some day I may be able to take advantage of them. The picture is as good as I could ask for. It is a 720 TV so if you have to have the best picture available, you should buy a 1080 but you won't get it at this price. To tell you the truth, I can't tell the difference between this TV and my 1080 TV. Maybe if I sat five feet from the TV, I could see a difference. At normal viewing distance, they both look great. This is my sixth flat screen TV. I have one 1080 and now five 720's. This TV ranks right up near the top of the list. The 1080 wins out but only because it is a 55". It's hard for a 32" to compete with a 55" but it is very close.

The light sensor that adjusts the picture depending on the amount of room light is a nice feature and you don't even have to do anything to take advantage of it.

There are many input and output options so you can see videos and/or pictures from just about anything that puts them out. I was surprised that there were three HDMI connectors on the back of this TV. At this price I would think you would only get one. For those who want to have a BIG computer screen, this will fill the bill because it also has a computer input on the rear. Another thing that may be useful is the USB connector. With this input you can play music or view your photos/videos from a flash drive.

There is nothing that I dislike about this TV. It's easy to assemble the stand (only 7 screws). That's it. Just plug it in, connect your video source and put the batteries in the remote.

Thanks Sceptre for a great TV and thanks Wal Mart for a great price.This is a lot of TV for the money.
This is the second purchase I have made. Bought the first one as a Christmas gift for my son in 2012, then bought the second for myself January 2014 to use in my home office. This is a great deal for the screen size and price. Picture quality is good as is the sound. It was delivered in less than 24 hours from when it was ordered on-line, which was a pleasant surprise.Great TV for the price
Look on line first, great discounts, and order to your local store.Great on line deals
Great television for children room. This television has not one but three (HDMI) connections and the
old connection as well. However the picture quality is good, yet a bit dark around the edges. In all
a great price / great TV.Great TV
SEE ABOVEMAKES A GOOD COMPUTER MONITOR
I was pleasantly surprised at the picture quality for the price of this TV. It was the most economical 32" flat screen television I found. The only improvement would be the sound quality. It does have a slight tinny sound.We put this television in our bedroom and is a great improvement over the 27" box television we had. We mounted it on the wall, so we were able to get rid of the television stand and gain more room.Really Surprised
We bought this TV as a Christmas gift for our teenage son. The quality was great. It is a perfect TV for video games.Great TV for the price!
Great for the price and i use it for a monitor also and love it..Great t.v and monitor!
This is an excellent quality off-brand 720p HD TV, perfect for our daughter. Picture quality is super as is sound quality. She just loves her Christmas gift!!Awesome Product at an Awesome Price!
Very helpful in helping choose the TV from othersGood tv for the price
I was really impressed with the sound and the quality of the picture. Arrived in two days. FantasticGreat Value
I bought this to replace a set in the bedroom. The setup was very easy. I had no trouble following the directions to assemble and attach the stand to the set, or attaching the cable and a roku unit. Wasn't sure what I would get for the price, but I am more than happy with the perfomance of this product. The picture is very good and the sound is more than adequate, in fact I have it "dialed" down when watching. I would buy this again.You'll be pleased
The picture on this TV is really clear for being only 720p. Can't beat the price. This TV is very lightweight and easy to mount. I bought the Ematic Tilt Swivel Wall Mount Kit for this TV and the TV looks great mounted. The remote is really easy to use. It's a good TV for a bedroom. I would highly recommend this TV.Excellent picture and perfect for wall mounting
well worth the costgood for its purpose
10 days early!!!great tv fantastic service!!!!!!!!!
The price was right and I researched the company and found it reliable, I'm not disappointed.Great pix
I bought this for upstairs and it really didn't have to be the highest quality but when I got it set up I found this TV has a great picture. It is defiantly worth the money. It is also easy to use.Great TV
I purchased this TV last December 2012 after reading positive reviews. I am more then happy with it and thinking of buying another one for my second bedroom. I have a 40 inch TV in the living room and enjoy watching this one much more. I've never had one problem with it and would highly recommend it to anyone.. Buy it.. You won't regret it!!Great TV
Came quickly with everything in the box. Setup took 10 to15 minutes. Picture is very good, but I still need a HDMI cable to complete the installation. Then it will probably even look better.Easy setup.
This TV is a great value. I bought this for an extra room in my house. It was a surprise, it stands up to my other more expensive TV's has all the features picture quality is great and the sound is right on the money! Great Deal!Excellent Value
I was want a tv with PIP or POP but can't figure out to do that on this set yet the most surpriseing item that came with it was 1 screw driver to assemble the stand with now days to many MFG leave this out but it was nice to see a screwdriver in the PKG to make setup easy.this was a good deal
Everything went as it was supposed to...got the e-mail/text on time..pick-up went smooth. Thank you.Great for a 13 year old gamer.
Got this TV for a great price and is very satisfied with it. Picture quality is great!! I highly recommend.Great Price!!
We got this tv three or four days after we ordered it. The setup was easy, the picture is great and the sound is good, too. It is hooked up to an outside antenna and we have no problem with picture distortion or signal drop.Good tv so far
The tv works great and it was a great price.Good price good tv
Excellent TV; great image; superb value!!!Great product; great price!!!
meet all our expectations, over vizio trademarkgreat product for price
Money well spent. Item worked as described, And with the free shipping, it allowed me to enjoy the comfort of my recliner and not have to deal with the lines at the checkout. Plus the Fedex man had to lug it up the steps to my 2nd floor apartment. Can't beat that!So far so good...
This tv meets all my expectations for a bedroom use. Doesn't have all the bells and whistles but works great. Arrived quickly and undamaged. I would order electronics from Walmart any time.Great TV for the price
I bought this tv specifically for playing games and could'nt be more happier.
The size is just perfect for gaming and picture is really good
The connections are just right 3 HDMI, 1 COMPOSITE,1 AV
Since the tv is only for games Hints "No Cable" I only view Neflix via Wii console
So if you want a nice size tv this is a great buy for the price.
I couldnt find any cheaper and some equal to price had less connection optionsGreat TV Great Price
Seems to work well with good picture. Was easy to assemble Price was okGave to sister for present
Had to look at instructions close to get the right screws in the right place to properly install the stand. Wasn't a real problem and was very steady when set on table. The ease of using the tuner was great, the picture is really nice and the built in stereo sound is good as well. The value was great, very happy with this buy.Solid performer, does great at a very good price.
For a 720p 60Hz HDTV, this TV has an excellent picture. The sound is really good when you adjust the treble, midrange, and bass for your personal needs. Many people forget to do this. The AVL (auto volume level) option allows you to eliminate that annoying volume increase with commercials. There are all the options you need for a TV. I bought this for my 98 year old mother and she loves this TV.Great picture & sound for a great price
I am very pleased with my new tv.excellent tv!
This TV has WAY exceeded my expectations in EVERY way!! Via the remote and menu, you have MANY, MANY options for settings for Picture, Sound, and way more!! I am on RABBBIT EAR/AIR TV, and am able to clearly receive 11 channels thanks to the strong built-in tuner! Stations that broadcast in 1080 are received in 1080 for an almost 3-D picture!! Set up was VERY easy, and this TV comes with it's own stand. They even include a screwdriver to install the 8 screws into the base! This is my first LED/HDTV, and I am truly TOTALLY satisfied with my purchase! Walmart even shipped it for FREE, via Fed-Ex, right to my front door! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!BUY this while you can!!!!!!
For the price, so far so good. I've only had them for a week. I bought two. I bought one to replace the old analog heavy TV in the den. I put the Sceptre by my bed to watch unlil I could get rid of that old tv in the den. After having it by my bed there was no way It was leaving my bedroom. Therefore I had to order another one for the den. I love the sumple to understand remote control. Setup was a breezy. I only have to have the volume on 1. The 19" (other brand) originally had by my bed had to have it's volume up all the way for me to hear it. I set everything internally on the volume and I still had a hard time hearing it. I don't have that problem anymore with my new Sceptre. I'm holding my breath that the tv last a long time because I love it.Sceptre 32" LEDTV
Was very pleased with the whole set up of this TV. Picture looks just as good as the rest of our TV's. Fits well for what we want it for. Looks great in the room-being used for a 2nd tv and is rolled onto our patio for outdoor sports watching.was easy to set up-great for the price
I bought this tv mainly for cost. It meets all my expectations and what a buymade right choice.
Great television,especially for the money. I would certainly recommend this to family and friends. The picture is beautiful, the sound is good, and you can't get a better deal.Great deal
Love this, great picture and easy to hook up. Perfect size for a small room. Very affordable too.Great for appartments
Great TV...put it in the bedroom and now we are going to take it off of the dresser and put it on the wall...purchased the equipment from here for only 17.oo great find. Color great and overall everything is awesome. Would recommend.Flat TV 32'
This TV is amazing! I purchased this item because of the price and from other reviews. For an online buy it does not disappoint. The picture quality is pretty sharp, especially in HD. The sound is perfect with the options to use the equalizer or the pre-set options like pop, rock, jazz. I enhanced the actual bass and keep the treble balance, and with the volume on 10 it is absolutely clear. Even when commercials play at different levels on my old box TV...does not happen with the Spectre, just equal sound all the way through. The shipping was incredibly fast, I received it about 3 days after ordering. For my first flatscreen this was the best investment I have ever made.Unbelieveable Buy!!!
I was very happy with my purchase, wasnt sure what to expect with a name I did not know but very happy .great value for the price
I will be the same brand when I get another tv. Very happy with this product. Received the product the next day. Awesome FREE shipping.Excellent TV for the money.
In all the sceptre tv is good for gaming, an maybe for watching movies. The tv is good an great for the price that it sells for. All in all not a bad buy for 174 plus tax but you do get a good tv.sceptre tv
Very happy with picture and sound.. Easy to set up.Great tv for price.
A MUST GETGREAT TV,,,,GOOD PRICE
Even better than I expcted. Great picture good sound . would buy again.Great Tv for the price..
didn't know much about the name but do now... recommend this product, for the buck how can you go wrong.wonderful flat screen, with plenty of extras
Purchased this via web for delivery to our housekeeper. Got the price she wanted for the TV she wanted and it was delivered early! So happy to have the opportunity for free delivery. Thank you -Best bet for under $200
I really like this tvJUST WHAT I WANTED
its a very nice tv for such a price.delivery was very fast i received it within 2 days of purchase.good quality picture and sound.very easy to set up.Very nice tv.
i love this tv set got it at a great price. thank you.love this
I am very pleased with this item .So very reallisted pictures.I have ordered 3 total two as presents for my grandchildren.Great deal
easy to connect. seems to work very good. Happy with this TV.good tv
love it, thanks for the sale walmart, it is so much higher somewhere else,thanks again.let me know about other sales through email.thanks walmart
I took this out of the box, plugged it in, and it auto set to the channels. The channels are different than my old non-flat screen TV, so I have to get used to it. For example the old TV was channels 1-100 (no cable box at this location in the house). This new TV has 1-112, but has A, B, C D after some of the channels. The picture quality is great, the sound is different, almost like I'd like speakers, but totally fine, its just different than the old style TV audio. Some channels dont fill the screen, but that would be the same depending on what I am playing. For $188.00 and no shipping this fully meets expectations and usage requirements.FOR THE PRICE - MEETS ALL REQUIREMENTS
Just got the T V so I cannot comment on longevity, but we purchased it for the price of a much smaller TV and it seems to be a super buy!Excellent TV for the price
super happy with this tv...it was delivered in 3 days from ordering! and super easy to put together...and really excited that i can hook everything from a computer to a wii to it! great price for this tv i highly recommend this to anyone..and the screen is really larger than i expected. it is going to be for my kids for christmas and i cannot wait till they see it.great tv for the price
My daughter received one as a surprise for her birthday from her dad and I liked this tv so much I bought one for my son's birthday 6 days later! They are fantastic and my kids love them! I think the picture quality is good and it is a nice size tv for the price I paid for them.Great TV
Picture is absolutely amazing. Love this TV.Great TV
I bought this to fit in a cabinet so I was limited to 32". This is a great price on an LED TV. I chose it because the sound outputs include RCA type jacks so it is backward compatible to my 2005 surround sound. I use a Bluetooth DVD player via HDMI input so this TV is truly versatile. As others have noted, the included tv speaker is lousy, but that's what you get in a 32" at this price point.
The remote is adequate, and the on screen menus make sense.
I used ship to store with free shipping and it arrived in three days.
I think it is a good value.Good value
So far very good video and sound excellentTV 32'
Excellent picture. picture More features than usual for this price.Great value for the price
This is the second one I bought in a year and a half. Replaced an old box, heavy flat screen TV. Some of the features were upgraded and it is $60 cheaper than the first one I bought! Love it!Excellent TV and great price!
Love this tv has great picture, sound and a lot of features other tv don't have. A great tv for the priceGreat tv
It was easy to setup and connect. Picture quality good. Only complaint was that sound was not loud enough. Bought a sound bar and hooked up in 6 minutes. Haven't had it long, so don't know how it will be in 6 months. So far so good.Great deal for the price
Provides just what my wife and iGood deal
I'm a professional gamer, and make a living off of it. This tv was a wonderful choice to replace my 42' Samsung. It has wonderful graphics and sound. A Great product for your money! :)Amazing for my work! :D
Excellent ValueExcellent Value
What a great deal! I paid $169.00 for this TV + tax. My daughter ordered it for me on Thanksgiving night when I saw hers and she told me what she paid for it. My TV arrived the following Saturday. Beautiful picture and quality. My daughter connected hers to her laptop and watches internet shows on hers with same beautiful picture quality. I cannot recommend enough this TV. The quality and price cannot be beat!Excellent TV for the price
Great for our bedroom.Excellant TV
using it for my computer monitor. also have it hooked up to an outside digital antenna, teriffic picture.great buy for $169.
love, love, love my new tv. great picture, great sound.
tv is for the bedroom and i have had it for a couple weeks now and
it works great, no problems at all.great tv
I purchased this TV for my sons age 5 and 6, and I'm considering getting another one for my bedroom. The Value is excellent which made me a little skeptical about the quality of the TV, but so far no complaints. Both picture and sound are good, It has multiple connections in the back, that allow my kids to have their Xbox 360 and wii plug at the same time which is a plus, no need to plug and unplug every time they want to switch consoles. The base swivels. Overall a great value!great product and value!
I purchased this tv for my teenage daughters room and it is a great tv for the price! I'm super pleased with this purchase and would recommend it to others too!Great TV at a GREAT price!
I don't think you could find a better value anywhere. The second unit purchased.Good value, prompt delivery.
Great tv for the price.Excellant picture,easy setup .Sound just average.Very happy with it.Great tv
I ordered this TV for my bedroom. It has a great picture and sound. Perfect price for the quality. I was unsure in the beginning about ordering Sceptre because I had never heard of that brand. After reading the other reviews, I gave it a try and I'm very pleased with the product.Great TV for the price!
I made this purchase at a Black Friday event. Thought, even if it's not really great, it's a good price for a t.v. for the guest room. Well....the picture is so wonderful that the husband put it into OUR own bedroom. It's a gem.junk or gem?
"Santa" delivered this to my 10 year old for Christmas. This was a great TV for the price. Great size, Great pic, and great color!Great buy for the money!!!
We just bought this tv for our bedroom,and loving it. The remote is easy to understand. The picture is great quality.Easy to install,and set up. Would rec to anyone.
Lou
Weedsport NYgreat value for the price
This went in our RV and we needed it to have good audio and the volumn is good. Nice picture and color.Really nice TV
Excellent TV for this price range. We bought this for our 13 year old son for Christmas. Great picture and sound. Highly recommend!Excellent TV
A very good TV for the price! I bought it for my mom and she is very happy with this TV.Excellent TV
So far so good. Had this for 1 week & meets expectationsGood for a bedroom
Great TV if you put on vivid on picture control and its hooked up to dish receiver its on 1080p And the picture is sharp clear and amazing!!! LOVE IT THE BEST TV EVER!!!!great tv
Awesome picture and great sound for your bucks.Super buy
Good value for the price. I was happy with it.GOOD VALUE
I love shopping Walmart online. It's great. I usually have everything shipped to the store to save in p&h. But Walmart is great and I will continue to do my shopping with Walmart.great picture quality
Easy ordering, fast delivery. Great value.Terrific.
Recommended .Excellent.Had no problems setting it up.Great value for the money.
Nonegreat value
First I tried the 32" Emerson LCD LED, while that was easy to use and worked fine, the picture was not as clear.

When I got Spectre and tried it, the picture was far more vivid, and it was less expensive. So, I am returning my Emerson and keeping this one. It was very easy to set up too.Great price, vivid picture
Great value for the price. Excellent sound quality!Excellent tv for price!
It was an excellent purchase for the valueExcellent Tv
Everything is 100%Perfect
I will tell friends about this wonderful tv well under $200.00.Great tv for the price
I bought this as a gift for my son for Christmas. It is exactly as described and looks larger than online picture. It works perfectly, plug in with very little effort and it's up and running. I am very pleased with the price as well. I rate this as EXCELLENT.Awesome Gift
I bought this TV 2yrs. ago for my bedroom. Now I bought the same on for my guest room. The size is just right for the bedrooms. I like the picture very much. If I need another one I'd get this same TVjust not one, bought two
I love this tv! Seriously, I do. It's simple to operate and the picture is great!SCEPTRE X322BV-HDR 32" LED Class 720P HDTV with ul
GoodNice
perfect tv !works great and easy to use.love it
This is our third Sceptre purchase. For the money, you can't go wrong. Sound is thin. Picture takes adjustments to get the right color. Still, it's a great deal.Superb for the money
I live in a 5th wheel trailer and this is the perfect size TV for my small space. It has great picture quality and sound. I was amazed by the beautiful picture and graphic qualitygreat TV for a small area
I haven't had this tv for long but so far I'm very impressed especially when I consider the low cost. Hopefully it outlast the Emerson tv I'm replacing which shouldn't be hard.great value!
Bought this for my son. Great picture quality, the swivel is great, and it's lightweight. Pretty impressed, since I had never heard of the brand before.Great TV for the price!
My oldest son purchased this tv as a gift for my youngest son. It was a great value and my son loves it. He can even hook his laptop up to it. Low price great value. Thanks.Very nice.
Nice picture.Tv
Bought this TV on sale for $169 and it was a steal. All the features one could ask for, light weight and great picture. Would have bought another if I knew how good it was.A real bargain
My new tv is outstanding,price, quality,and goes very nicely with all my modern living decor.Wall mart is a great store,I love shopping there.Saving up to buy another one for our bed-room,and get rid of all these small and 'heavy " tvs we have through the house.Thank You ,Wall Mart.Great tv for our first Flat screen tv,SCEPTRE 32"
My ratings our based the price of the TV, incredible for the price. Super fast shipping and cannot complain on anything. Great TV.Great TV for the price, it went into our bedroom
Excellent product for the price.Great Buy
yes I do realize this is a tv but I use as a monitor for my computer and it works nice very clear and way cheaper than if I had purchased a 32" monitor instead. Have used a roku on it also and it worked just fine. Yes I would definitely recommend this to anyone and in fact I would like another for dual monitors.love my computer monitor
My order was ready when promise also the TV's were of good quality.good deal for TV'S
I happy with my purchase.I was in need of a tv for my bedroom.Nice price and perfect size.The sound wasn't the best but that's fine with me.Great bedroom tv!
I'm very glad I bought this tv. It is a very good deal for the price, and it's made by Sony. Good sound and picture quality. I have it in bedroom which does not have HD box so I don't know how the HD picture quality is but I'm sure it will be fine for the price I paid. It arrived at store for pick up a week earlier than stated which was excellent.Great tv for price
This is the second 32" Sceptre TV I have purchased. One for myself and another for my Son. It is a great LED TV for the money. The picture is great, the remote control is very easy to use & all the plug ins are easy to reach & easily identifiable. The TV itself looks great and very modern with swivel base. I would definitely recommend this TV, especially if money is tight.Great TV For The Price!
We bought this for the inlaws. The color is crisp and clear. Great value and great quality.Great value. Great product
Great picture and SoundLove my TV
Great TV, Great Price, Dropped off at my door!Great TV, Great Price, Dropped off at my door!
I am very impressed with this item, it has a beautiful picture.. as well as a great sounding audio...and to add...the price was very reasonable....5 stars in all areas!Picture Perfect!
Cool tvTv man
Can't beat this size for this price.Nice TV for the price
all great when we start used it..awesome..
The price was so reasonable I thought we would sacrifice a little in quality but was ok with that since the TV was going in a secondary place in our home. When we got it set up (very easy) the quality was on a par with our Sony Bravia for which we paid much much more. We are extremely satisfied with our purchase. The deliver from Walmart was fast and free. What more could we ask.This TV far exceeded my expectations
Great sound and picture quality great! I bought it from my bedroom and it serves its purpose quite well!!Great tv for price
It was the easiest tv to setup and the picture is great. I would buy another in a heartbeat. Very good value.sceptre tv
Great blessed gift to myself. I was truly excited with its arrival. The television was more than expected, the pricing was perfect, the style and picture viewing was great. I would highly recommend this to family and have already shared with my best girlfriend. Also took advantage of the plan that was an option. Thanks for the gift and satisfied with my choice to enjoy for years to come. Again thanks.Blessing!
It has only been a week but so far so good. The tv shows a great picture...Great picture
The television is light, and the picture quality is good.good tv
I bought this online and was delivered to my home for free. Sound and picture is better than I expected it to be . Great 32inch screen and this has been a excellent tv . Can't wait for college football season to start !Nice tv and great price
Just set up the new TV in the family cave. Great picture quality! Everything is good. One problem; I have a Direct TV remote that I would like to sync with the new TV. I went on line and made my request known. Still waiting for instructions.....anybody?...anybody there?The New "Cave"
Great valueGreat value
Great picture. Light weight makes it easy to carry especially for older folks like me. Thank you Walmart !TV
I bought this for a present for my husband. He wanted a TV for his garage. So far, the sound, picture and ease of use is fantastic. Would recommend because the price is definitely affordableBest present
Great price.Clear. Received it quicklyLoved it
it was free ship to store so we ordered one for my Mom, easy to set up great picture, and sound well worth the money
then it was free home ship so I ordered for myself! well worth itGreat 32" TV for the money
Works just great for the price. No complaints so far and this is the third one I've purchased over the last year and all are still working great...Knock on wood.Great TV for the Price!
got the Tv hooked up and love the picture on it would buy it again.great tv
I love my new TV. The only thing that I don't understand is what the extra trap door if for. I got a remote with a door for the batteries, but there was another one in the box. We can't figure out where it goes.Great TV
I bought this TV inecpensively and you can't tell from the picture quality or sound. I have been fooled by the sound to think it's right outside my home instead of from the TV.Sounds lifelike
I just bought a second one as a birthday present. The picture is good and it meets my needsGood value
Great tv on a budget ....other reviews helped me choose although I've never heard of this brand & was skeptical to buy I actually really like it.Scepter tv
Purchased this T.V. to use as a computer monitor, it works great. Great picture quality .
The sound is sick, but external speakers will fix this.
It has a lot of inputs which is very useful. great tv for the price.Great TV
My 32 inch Sceptre Tv meets all my expectations. It was easy to set up and even came with batteries for the remote. Quite a bargain. I would definitely recommend this to my friends.Wonderful TV for my bedroom.
Beautiful picture. Good sound. Perfect for the priceGreat
no consworks great, had all the inputs needed for our use
I love it!Great Television for the Price!
The TV is for my bedroom and it works nicely for me as it cuts itself off after I fall asleep which is what my other scepter TV did after programming it. I love it.Very nice and affordable
(So long as you have a computer connected to the Internet, a HDMI cable and a Brazzers account)A tv that will get beautiful women naked
I thought this was a great tv for the money I paid. under 200 perfect for my sons room. was nice the TV Included a screw driver to put the tv togetherGreat Tv for the Value
I am very impressed with this TV. It is way better than I had expected and you can't beat the price!Awesome TV for a great price!
With even more inputs than described in the specification, excellent picture quality, wide viewing angle, this TV came as a very pleasant surprise. It is our secondary TV. We use it with a Dish Network Joey (remote receiver) connected to one of the three HDMI inputs and had used it previously with a DircTV receiver with AV connections (Yellow video, Red and White audio) plus also currently use it with an internet connected laptop connected with a VGA connector to the TV. This TV is very versatile, uses low power, produces a bright very sharp image and is almost $100 less than competitors. Warrantied for one year, it is an excellent buy.Excellent Quality
Very good picture, good for bedroom , quality was surprisingly. Good.I was impressed.Great tv for the $
I would make another purchase....i am very pleased with my new TV. Thank you.
I notice that it is now on sale this week $10. 00 cheaper.....Do I get that back on a gift card?....AWESOME!!
I have never used this brand before it is a great tv. My children loves it.Awesome tv for such good price.
Great product at this price ;0)So far so good
Great TV. Excellent picture. Sound is a little tinny, but that's my opinion, Others thought it was fine. I purchased the matching sound bar to go with it. Another great buy. the TV remote also accommodates the sound bar. I have no complaints about this purchase.Nice buy
I have been researching to find which its good price and what kind of brand on tv....This Sceptre tv is awesome nice. First time to bought nice big flat tv for my family and I. Easy to hook it up and use it in less 30mins. Worth it. :-)Loving it!
This is a very nice TV and the picture quality is great. I also like the slim design and that it has a number of ports for cablesVery nice!
I bought this tv for my 2yr old and 5 month olds room. I am very pleased with this tv. Although they only watch two channels all day it has a great picture, good sound, and was everything I expected. I'm actually considering a bigger size in this brand for my living room now.best money ever spent
i purchased two of these tvs. they are more for your money than you think they will be. believe me i was sceptical too. glad i tried this set. real nice for the price.great tv
greatnice
My son loves this TV. It was a Christmas gift which was purchased after a bad experience with another TV purchased from another vender.Good TV Gift
The t.v. works awesome, better than I expected and I'm glad I made the decision to purchase it.picture perfect
I was worried about buying a budget TV, but this TV rocks. I use a sound system so I can't rate the sound, but the picture is great. Nothing to complain about.This TV is Legit
This might not be a sony, vizio or any of those popular brand name tv, but this brand is just as great or in some cases even better then the popular brand name tv. I will recommend this tv to everyone and it is really reason priced.Great Brand
I got my oldest son the same brand and size last Christmas and like it so much I bought one this year for my youngest son!Great Value
More than I expected. Picture and sound are great.Very nice tv
I bought this as a gift based on the many reviews I read. The reviews were right.Great value
easy set up and great qualityGreat tv for the price
Just what I asked for.I love it.
Suits a small one bedroom apartmentfine tv for the price
The worst part about this particular TV is it takes maybe a few seconds longer to actually "turn on" than my other 'name brand' tvs, but the picture quality is great and its both slim and lightweight as an LED should be.Pretty good little tv
I love the picture quality., sound, and 3 hdmi. Perfect for everything.Awesome TV
In the three weeks that we have had this t.v. we have found it to be a great fit for our bedroom. It was easy to set up and easy to use.Great television for the bedroom
Everything went great, from ordering it online to the delivery two days later!! The TV works better than I could ever hope for and is better than the $800.00 1080p HD TV we replaced it with. I would highly recommend using Walmart's website to order and have it delivered!! Like I mentioned above, it only took two days from ordering and receiving it!!!

Good Job Walmart!!!
ROKEXCELLENT TV!!
I was hesitant to purchase this tv since I wasn't familiar with the brand but customer reviews and price convinced me to buy. I am very glad I did since my expectations were met.Great features and great price.
just the right size for what I need, a very great bargain. very easy to hook up. very happy with
the set.a wise purchase
This tv works for me, it has good color quality, and it is for my bedroom, perfect size.Great tv for my bedroom
I bought this tv for our bedroom, very niceGreat tv
Tv has been working great for my kids and you cannot beat that price! Ignore the reviews that say you get what you pay for, you get MORE than what you paid for!really nice tv at a great price!
This TV has a vivid picture and has a great display for a 720p tvGreat TV for the price
I did some research on the company to find out how well they were perceived by the public and found SCEPTRE to be reputable. The one thing that I admire the most about this HDTV is the picture quality...it's great! Assembly was a snap and there is a screwdriver included with the package to help you set it up. The set has 3 HDMI ports and this too, was also an important feature that made me decide on getting this HDTV. The well known Brands cost more and only offer 1 or 2 HDMI ports, which to me, is unsatisfactory. I am extremely happy with my choice!An exceptional value from SCEPTRE!
I have 1 vizio tv, and this tv is inexpensive the quality and the picture quality is better too . If you want a inexpensive tv this is perfect.it,s better than a vizio.
This was a rollback at just the perfect time! Needed a new tv for the bedroom wall unit I built and it is PERFECT! What an AWESOME deal!!Awesome deal!
Excellent productVery good product
Nice for the buySweet tv
I bought this tv for a spare room and thought it was going to be just for news and wouldn't need to be that interested in it for it's performance. It has a great picture, the sound is fine and the features, which I don't use hardly at all is okay, I guess, but I find no real problems with it at all. It's price is just right for the size and it's qualities are right for this tv.Priced right
I love this tv, it has a very clear picture. The price was just right!Love it.
GREAT ! FOR THE PRICE .....Led TV 32"
Can only say I was pleased from ordering process to shipping process to delivery and set up! Would have been nice to have included an HDMI cable though.Great color and sound
Excellent tv for the money. Bought this tv as a Christmas gift for my son. He loves it. Great picture. Satisfaction for him with his PS 3.great tv for the price
This TV is great for small children. The 32 inch is the perfect size for their bedroom. The features on it are good and the picture quality is amazing when watching DVD's and HD cable channels. I would definitely recommend this product to parents with smaller children.Very good tv for young children.
Love the pricegreat
I wasn't sure what to expect at first, I purchased the tv walmart had on blackfriday for $148 and it was terrible so I returned it and bought this one instead. The difference was apparent as soon as I opened the box. The packing on this tv wasn't cheap like most of them are the instructions came in a special bag that ziplocked, it even came with its own screw driver to put the base on and a cloth to keep the screen clean. The tv has alot of nice features I like the volume on it I can have it turned to the lowest setting and its still loud enough for me. Over all I think its a great tv and I would buy another one.Great tv for the price!
TV was ordered and delivered the following day. Easy set up , great value.Fantastic value for the money.
For anyone who wants a basic, high quality 32" TV, this one delivers.Perfect Product for What It Is
Even though I could have saved a few dollars on the same size TV, this product has a beautiful picture, sound quality, and easy to read programming.Just the right size
All of my ratings are somewhat related to the price of this TV. We haven't had it long, but so far we are very pleased with it. It is not heavy, so is easy to move. The picture and all seem very good. I got some good information from other reviews before I ordered. We think it was a great replacement for our old heavy bedroom TV. We are using the tabletop stand that comes with it and it does seem a little 'loose" on the stand but we think that is because of the little swivel it has. We have a smaller TV made the same way and it does this too but hasn't been a problem. Great price for a TV this size.Great value
We purchased this to use in our bus. It mounted easily to the wall bracket and the connections were easy to reach. Set up was easy. Not sure of the sound quality as we run audio thru a Harmon Kardon Go-Play (AMAZING sound and bass). Over all... 2 thumbs up. Way up.Excellent picture for 720P and only 60Hz!
I ordered thus tv for my girl friend from ny to maryland. Thinking it'd be there weeks later it came within three days. She missed the first delivery and they resent it again. The tv came in great condition wirh clear picture rhinking of getting one for myself. By the way its extremly loud32" tv for my girl
i am never going back to our tv great picture never have to deal with wide screen againi love this tv best one i ever bought
I did not expect the best quality from this item, however, it gives me more than what I expected. It's a really great buy for those who are in budget. Easy installation, simple direction and it can catch 9 local Channels right away without cable. If you are not a picky person, this product is highly recommended! Shipped faster than what it's said. Unexpectedly fast! My first time to buy an electronic online, and it's a good experience for me.Great buy
Very nice picture - put in master bedroom.Very nice picture - put in master bedroom.
Very easy to installed. Love itunknown manufacturer by awesome product
Great TV for the moneyLED 32" Sceptre TV
Ordered this TV for a home office. It was a great sale price for 32" HDTV, and arrived in 3 days! Easy instructions for putting the stand together, even came with its own special screwdriver. Within an hour of unpacking we had a great HDTV picture and sound connected through our satellite dish. This TV has several options for picture and sound set-up to find the one you prefer. Can also be easily connected to other equipment - DVD player, PC, USB, Headphones, etc.Quick delivery at a great price!
This was my third purchase of a Sceptre TV. IMO, they are a best buy. I'll be buying another (50") next. month.Three times happy.
I got this tv as one of the "daily specials" Walmart was running through the holidays. It's the first flat screen tv for our home and I have been quite pleased with the performance thus far. The picture is great and the features are numerous, you can customize sound, picture quality, etc depending on where in your home you are using this tv. Very pleased with the ship to store feature, absolutely no problems at all! Thanks Walmart!Great purchase!
Was not familiar with the Sceptre brand, but very impressed with this TV once we got it home. Picture quality, sound quality, etc. is very good! Equal to any of the "main" brand name products. Extremely pleased with this purchase!Fabulous TV
Really pleased with this purchase Thanks Wall Mart for such a great productGreat TV and really affordable!!
I am very pleased with this TV. The color is excellent. Overall value is excellent.Television
The shipping on this product was faster than expected. It works perfectly. Perfect for my sons room.Quick
I love it!Great tv for the bedroom
Hi. Just needed another tv to replace my old school box kind, and this was a great value. The picture is good. The sound is good. Lots of different hookups for the modern additions in our high tech world. Easy to set up and use. Definitely a great buy!Great TV for the Price!
Gave this tv to a family member as a gift.... They loved it.!!!Great gift
Great TV for those on a budget.Great TV
With some "fine tuning" for personal preference it has a great picture. I found the "Dynamic" as well as the "Vivid" settings to be personally most pleasing. The orange "sound" button and the "picture" button on the remote really made a difference. I did find the sound to be a little "tinny" as some of the other reviewers commented on. I turned the bass up to the maximum and then it was fine. Sceptre is made by Hitachi and so far I am very pleased with the product. It is used daily for TV watching in the bedroom. You can't beat the price.Great Value
Great television for a beginner at an awesome price... Colors are astonishing and would definitely recommend to a friendAwesome entry level HDTV
I purchased a TV from another local store and was not satisfied with it. I decided to try Walmart and I am so glad I did. It was a birthday present for my husband and he loves it!Best buy at Walmart
Great picture and loved the priceMY SCEPT TV
Have had the Sceptre for one week and found the learning curve to setup and operate short. I am pleased with the picture, and it will do 1080i interpolated, which looks great. The value cannot be beat for the price and I shopped extensively. I am using it both as a TV with Windows Media Center (DVR) and as a standalone TV. It is also very good in a dual monitor computer configuration for web, artwork, and small details like large spreadsheets. I am also impressed with its range of inputs and outputs.Higher Value Than It's Price
Was getting this TV for a spare bedroom and was surprised with the picture and sound. Nice surprise!Better than expected
Received this as a Christmas present and its fantastic. It was a pleasant surprised. Great color...great sound....easy set up. Highly recommend!Very Surprised!
I ordered this tv on Cyber Monday and it came a week before the scheduled delivery time. Now that might be bad if I was going to be out of town, but since I was home it was ok.

You have to put a few (6-8?) screws in the stand to set it up but the screwdriver that comes with it is inadequate so just use your own. It only takes a few minutes.

The tv isn't very loud, so you might want to connect it to a speaker system.

Overall I'd recommend it as a cheap guest/not main TV.Easy setup. Great delivery time.
This was a great item.Candy
Dollar for dollar you can,t do better.What a bargain
Its just the perfect size for my grandsons bedroom.Christmas present for grandson
Nice quality picture. This TV has a great sound system. This purchase was definitely a great stealExcellent Purchase
Very nice TV for the money.Great TV - sharp picture
Absolutly love this T.V. great picture quality! Amazing price for an amazing product.Awsome product
This Spectre tv is a VERY GOOD BARGAIN!! It exceeds my expectations!Very Satisfied!
Very pleased with this product.Good deal
I would highly recommend this TV because it is by far not only an excellent buy but the quality is fantastic.Very happy with my purchase
great picture, nice and clear, sound is ok.
.Nice TV fits perfectly in my room..not to big.
Clear pic great color easy to use.
Worth the money!!!Price is Right
The Picture is excellent and the TV is Just the right size, not overwhelming. Very Good sound as well. Easy to put together and sits very steady and nice on stand. Very light weight.Just the right size TV
This TV has a great picture, and it was easy to set up. It looks good in any room.Great picture
The picture is excellent.nice picture
Bought this on sale for Xmas for my sons room. Mostly for Xbox use.Great value!
Love tv reasonably priced and great productGreat tv I have two
This T.V. was easy to unpack and install, very quick setup and easy to place in any area you want without it being too heavy. The quality of this T.V. and the price makes a great gift for someone needing an extra T.V. in a guest bedroom. This takes up less room and the price was well worth the money spent.Light weight excellent bedroom T.V.
AwesomeExcellent
The name I had never heard as far a TV brand, but the price had me take a second glance. I am glad I did. The sound and picture quality exceed my well known TV brand. It is very light and easy to set up. The features were a plusA great value
The picture is very good using coaxial cable input, but just amazingly beautiful and sharp using an HDMI connection.

A great bargain & amazing value!HDMI Heaven
Ordered this for my niece. Arrived with in a few day, sooner than expected. Easy set up. Everything (screws & screw driver) is included.great price
Set up fast and works great so far. Picture is really sharp. Great priceWorks Great So Far
I would recommend this product. High quality picture and its nicer than the one I spent 500 dollars on from vizio. I'm buying 3 more for my houseAwesome for the price
Opened it up and hooked it up and played perfectly. Great price!!TV for Son
Is amazing and beautifulVery good
I bought this tv for my bedroom and I love it, it has a great picture.Great TV
Good for the price.love it
GREAT!!!!GREAT!!!
What an excellent TV for the money! A good value.Sceptre 32" TV
Perfect size for the room it is in!Great TV
I purchased this tv for our bedroom...for a 32in it looks small, but it has great picture and the reason I think it looks so small is because there is no border around the tv. The sound could be a little better but for a bedroom it works great. The only thing I don't like on it is that u can't watch movies on it with ur memory stick! But other than that I love it!Great price!
I bought this television for the bedroom. Works great the sound is good too. Haven't gone above 10 and can hear it perfectly. Picture might be a little blurry at times but I adjusted the pic and it is better. Very happy with this television.Great TV
This was the tv we got for Black Friday's $99 32 inch tv sale. We bought it for our 8 year old daughter for Christmas. My husband hung it on the wall, hooked up the dvd player, had Dish come out to install a box for her and now she is in her own dream world! This tv is great! I have sat in her room watching it with her and I have to say it is pretty great. The picture is as good, if not better, than the more expensive ones we have in the rest of our house. The sound is great too, of course she doesn't have to turn it up too loud since it is just her and she usually has no other noise to compete with. I know I got a great deal on this and hope they offer them again because I will buy a few more for presents!Great tv for $99!
Best value I could find for the money. Easy to set up, use and the picture is great. No problems.new tv!
So far I really like this television. I recommended it to a family member and they also purchased one. I love the size and it was very lightweight and easy to carry. I like the minimal frame around the screen.Great TV Great Price
Exellent Price for this TV ,Picture is great and my little great grandson is playing his games on it and he like's it.great Gift to my great Grandson.
Excellent Tv For The Price!!LOVE IT!!!!!
Excellent!WONDERFUL!
It has a great picture and the price was greatTV review
Clear nice picture. Overall a great T. V.Sceptre TV
this tv is excellent the picture , sound and quality is excellent got one for my home and got one for my girls homesexcellent
Brought it for my store, looks good and works good, it stay on all day, it a good buddy!!!!!!!!!Great tv, works good
Great for guest room TVgood deal for the price
Haven't had the TV for long but I'm really enjoying it good picture quality and sound.And I really loved the price!So Far So Good
I ordered this to use as a computer monitor and so far it's greatWorks great
This is my second one. The first one I use in my recording studio as a monitor for my DAW. This one is for my HD service I'm getting from Dish Network. The picture is superb. No complaints from me.My second one.
goooooooddddgooooooodddd
I am very happy with my TV purchase! I wasn't sure what I was getting with the price. It's really y a very nice tv so glad I got 2 of them!Great TV for the price!
My son enjoy his TV so much. I will tell others about the TV.GreatTV for a teenager.
Bought this tv for my father-in-law. He loves it. It fits nicely into a smaller space and your able to enjoy it because its not over bearing int he room.Nice tV great gift
Picture good, hooks up easygood tv
I really like this TV light weight easy for one person to hang on the wall . Perfect fit on the bedroom wall. The only thing better was the priceGreat Value
After MUCH searching I decided on this model for my first flat screen television. With all its features and multi HDMI jacks, USB jack ,Audio out jack and the others as well it takes care of ALL the components I have and gives me the ability to use my stereo system for added listening enjoyment. I find the matte screen to be excellent for fighting glare and the ability to swivel the screen adds for perfect viewing from multiple angles. The hookup instructions were easy to follow and the added screwdriver made assembly quick;the screen cleaning cloth was also very useful. In addition to these values I found the customer service people knowledgeable and friendly. I would recommend this television to anyone who is looking for a great product at an unbelievable price decide for yourself as I did. With the money saved I was able to purchase the cables needed for connecting all my components too !! I will be back again IF I ever need another television !!QUALITY for less !!!
Love this product!!Sceptre 32 inch
Awesome tv, very fast (free) shipping, item received perfect condition.very nice led tv
I've had this TV for almost 3 weeks now and it works just like it should! Also, I got it in less than 3 days after I ordered it so credits to FedEx for the awesome speed! By the way, I totally recommend this Tv.So Worth The Buy!
Works wellbeen good so far
Had little time to replace my old tube t.v.. Found this t.v. on line at walmart.com. Purchased it.
Quality of picture is good, good color. The only problem I noticed is, you can not over drive the speakers on the t.v. or you will get a nasty noise. Can't get the sound past 20 before this noise comes into play. As long as sound stays below 20 you do get good sound quality.
It will get us thru the next few years till we need a new t.v. once again.Good T.V. for the price
I have to admit I was very surprised. I have never heard of this brand before but wanted a new tv for my exercise room and for the price I took a chance and it turned out to be a pretty nice tv.Nice TV
I usually only by Samsung, actually all I own is Samsung. I bought this for a spare bedroom. Seems to work almost as well. No complaintsGreat TV for the price.
I bought the tv as a gift for my mom and she LOVES it.Great product great price
ExcellentTv
My daughter loves it!My daughter loves it!
This is a great TV for the price. Word of advice. When you assemble the stand, use an electric screwdriver to get the screws tight. Picture and sound quality are very good. Glad I made this purchase.Great TV
TV is high quality and low cost. Satisfied with my purchase.Great Value
My 14 year old son & my 12 year old daughter love there new t.v.s
They work perfect!! Loved the priceGreedys new t.v.
An amazing TV for the money. Will do everything you need it to do. Picture's great, sound is very good, it's light, thin and looks sharp. Impossible to go wrong for the money. I bought it for an outdoor gazebo and you can see the picture clearly in direct sunlight.GREAT TV!
Bonus: includes speaker :)love it!
I was really please with the quality of the picture, Great tv for the priceGreat
I bought this tv for my daughters bedroom, was hesitant to buy it because I had never heard of the brand. I am a big review reader and read a lot of what others had to say. The size on this t.v is not bad, order it online and was at my door two days later, setting it up was not hard at all what I liked the most is that two batteries are included for the remote Nice.. There's a clear picture when watching can't complain the only thing that I did not like is that the volume is not as loud but it's for my daughters room so it works out. Overall I am satisfied with this purchase and the price was great.Better than expected
Bought this for my vacation home. Very pleased with it.cheap and good
I Love This TvGreat Tv For A Great Price
I purchased this tv for replacement of old large bulky tv and has better picture and sound than the sony tv I purchased for living room. Sony has to have sound system for sound because sound on Sony tv not good quality but this new Sceptre tv has all the qualities and sound performance I was looking for in a tv for 1/10th of the price. Sure wish I had found this one years ago and would have saved alot of money on purchasing the other tv [Sony].Sceptre also has more hook-ups for additional equipment than the Sony. Sorry Sony you have a big name but come last in the quality of viewing TV and volume.
I purchased this online and was amazed at how quick I recieved them. and that the installation was much easier. Thank You.best quality and picture I've seen
We bought this tv last year for our bedroom, love this tv. Great picture and sound. We decided to purchase the exact tv for our daughters room for a Christmas present this year. I would def. recommend this tv.Great tv for the price!!
Good productGood deal
This is my 2nd Sceptre, and the picture and sound are excellentExcellent TV
It works fine to me!Yay!
the picture is great. it is used in my garage as a tv and security monitor. great value!excellent monitor/tv for the price
Good value pleased with purchaseTV
Bought this for best price - easy setup, great picture - so far so good!Great TV!
it does everything I expected I love this tvgreat television
So far, so good. For the location of the TV, had to have a receiver box installed, but the TV itself is good. Picture is sharp and clear and we're hoping for many years of good service from it. It has only been connected for a little over a week at this point.You bet!
Very nice TV for the money. It has a very good, vivid picture. Just as good as the more expensive flat screen TV's for a lot less cost. so far, so good!You can't go wrong!!!
Used it for 2 days now, so far its greatGreat price for a kitchen tv
This was a really good price for this tvGood buy
Very satisfied of its picture quality especially if have a good programing source and other basic functionality that incorporated in this unit.
Sound quality is great just like most of a flat screen monitor and I don't see it a problem most specially with its built in equalizer that can be tweak based on your hearing preferences. With sound output that can be attached home theater.

Most of all the price is a great deal with all mentioned added features!Great deal for the price, like it!!!
great price and next day delivery.meets or exceeds all expections. sound ok just not as good as I wanted.if on a budget this is a super buy
I don't recommendto my friendsVery nice
it HAS A GREAT PICTURE AND WORKS WONDERFULWORKS BEAUTIFUL WITH A GREAT PICTURE
TV is excellent! Used ship to store and picked up. The Walmart store in Raynham Massachusetts on paramount drive took over 45 minutes to retrieve the TV from the back storage area which was disappointed considering the TV itself is excellent.Excellent
noneTv works fine - no problems
This tv was a great price and has a really nice picture!!SCEPTRE-X322BV-HDR-32-L
I really was excited to get such a good deal and it's energy efficient so that is a plus, the picture works great for us! Thank you Walmart for giving us a good deal!What a great deal!
Has many more features than I will ever use. Easy set-up.Great TV for the price.
Excellent value!Basic HD TV - Works perfectly!
Works great for me. Currently, I have it in my room on the stand, but I've moved it to the patio to watch movies outside. It's light weight, but good quality. I had trouble figuring out how to program the remote to Directv- the codes didn't work. But, then I found a youtube video that showed it was as easy as going to settings, clicking on remote control, and putting in the tv type!Love it!
This is a u nice t v it's every thing I expected it to be price was great I would recommendvery proud
clear picture, excellent for video games, worth the price.great upgrade from old box tv
Great price! Easy set-up! Quick shipping! Sound could be a little better, but it's really good for the price! Really nice TV for the price!!! Four-year extended warranty was only $24 - can't beat that! You rock Walmart!!!Great TV for the Price!
This tv has a terrific picture .Bought it for my guest bedroom,just wanted something that wasn't too expensive. Works greatTerrific perfect
After I got set up which was easy with my Directv representative's help, everything worked perfectly. Could not have gotten a better deal price wise. The quality was better than expected. Will purchase another one if I need to in the future.Great TV
It Was So Simple And Easy To Make This Online Purchase, Then Very Easy To Pick It Up At Walmart Without Paying Shipping Cost.Great Price
perfect for guest room.great tv
Would buy again but for what this one works perfectly. It's an excellent tv for the price. I would recommend to a friend I mean not my tv but they can get one for themselves.Who do you think you are?
Forget the name brand, this TV is great, thank you!!Great TV
I got this TV on Black Friday for $170. For a 32'' TV its price is very worthy. The image quality looks good to me (although I don't have high requirement for that). I connected it to my wii u, and everything works fine up to now.Great TV for its price
I recommend to my friendsi like this flat tv is to smart
This tv shows a very good pic., and the screen is very pretty. I only had it a few weeks. , but I do enjoy watching it!! Well worth the money.....Well worth the money!!
I have never heard of Sceptre and for the price of a LED flat screen, this TV is an excellent buy. If you are good with electronics it should be no problem figuring out how to fix the little problems that will occur. The answer is all in the remote, work with that and you will see how excellent a buy you have made..Very Surprised!
The tv has a great picture easy set up
Great buy for the priceGreat TV for the bedroom
great tv, love itgreat buy
Extremely good product for the price. Compact and light.High quality ... Low price
Purchased 2 units to replace upstairs TV's (tube models) that are used infrequently. So impressed with picture quality that I replaced 2 older flat panels (LCD) that were downstairs and used daily and put the LCD's upstairs. Excellent value as a bonus.Better Than Expected
Skeptical about the name brand at first but after so many good reviews and the features it offers for the price it was hard to resist. Good BuyGreat Deal
Great service and great value.32 inch tv
This was everything that I expected. Bought for my son to have a TV in his room. Perfect size it is sleander and lightweight.Great bedroom TV
I bought this TV online because I did not want to go into the store for black Friday shopping.
Easy install. Very pleased!!!!!!!My first flatscreen TV.
best price on a 32" TV short of Black Friday. Works fine, good HD picture quality. I have no complaints so far (all of one week), so if it continues to run another few years, I'll be happy.Best price I could find
This TV is super lightweight, displays show information - and has a really crisp picture. Our last tv only lasted 2 years so well see how this one does. Only had this one a week.Great deal
as stated great productgreat product really fast shipping 2 days
This was the best price for this size tv. Not fancy at all but no problem using it :)Great for its price
I made my first site to store purchase and I'm completely happy with it. It was a wonderful deal, I got this tv at a great price. I love the picture quality and only wish I could have afforded to purchase more than one of them. It was in store when it was supposed to be and I was in and out Wal-Mart when I went to pick it up. I will surely be making more site to store purchases in the future.Totally Happy...
I 'm verry happy with my purchase of the hdtv Sceptre 32" the color are very brightHDTV SCEPTRE 32"
We purchased this TV online and have been very happy with the quality of the picture and sound. For the price, we are extremely satisfied with our purchase!Great TV for the price!
A great Tv for the price. I purchased this for my 11 year old and it is amazing especially for the price.Great TV
I bought this SCEPTRE X322BV-HDR 32" LED Class 720P HDTV with ultra slim for my son for Christmas-12/2014-It works great so far no complaints. Planning on buying another one for our living room! There are so many different things to do with this TV... color great, sound great, only controller could be a little heavier. Works best with cable. We watch videos on it great!This tv;
Needed a TV for bedroom and found this TV and I couldn'be happier with this purchase. Great picture and sound and would not hesitate to buy another one.Best value!
Great TV for the price.excellent
So in love and came really fastvery please
For $178.00 and a 3 year extended warranty for $ 20.00 U cant go wrong on this NICE TV/ PC LCD.This On SALE Is AWESOME Get IT NOW !!!
the TV was a gift for my sister and I was so proud when it was unpacked and set up. the picture is AWESOME and she was totally shocked! she'd never had a flatscreen before. what amazed me was the DELIVERY TIME TO MY DOOR!! I was truly impressed!met every expectation I had.
I love my new tvLovely product
Met all my expectations. Great value.Nice Value
Excellent picture, wish sleep timer was for more than 2 hours though.Nice clear picture.
We bought this TV for watching exercise videos and watching something while on the elliptical machine. I'm not very picky with picture or sound; it meets my expectations and I'm very pleased with this purchase.Great TV for the money
Flatter than expected, better quality than expected, just overall a worth-it product. ESPECIALLY at the price I got it forBetter than expected
This is a great TV, easy to setup. We chose free shipping and it came in two days.great tv and free fast delevery
This is my second specter tv. They both are working fine (although less than 6 months old). They are by far the least expensive for the size.Good price
Great DealGreat Deal
We have enjoyed this. the quality and value is great.Good value
I ordered two. Very good size and easy to put on the wall. Affordable and good picture quality. Sceptre is an excellent brandGreat product Greater Price
Dilivered to hone. Easy to set up. Great picture and sound.Great buy
My son loves his new flat screen tv. The pictures on the screen shows bright & perfect.He loves it!
I like everything about the tv except the sound quality. It's OK in SD but in HD the sound is really bad. The picture is very clear and I like the USB feature,Nice Tv for the price.
Don't know why but this tv was much easier to setup in general than it's larger 40" counterpart.Easy setup
for the size it is a great buygreat buy
Super easy to set up, super clear picture, great price, and arrived earlier than it was supposed to! Very pleased!Great product
Perfect picture and soundGreat Tv For the price!
I'm loving my new TV!!!!!!!! The Sceptre X322BV didn't disappointed!!! 32" of Awesomeness at affordable prince. I pay $169 dollars for my Sceptre!! thank you Walmart you did Aesome! it just doesn't get better!Awesome TV at the best price ever!!!!!!
It was worth rhe price and more i love itsceptre 32 in
This is my first flat screen tv, love it will be buying 2 more. Great price, great buy .Clear and Great
Great picture, sound and value!Awesome! !!
I have had this TV a little over a week and I love it. After reading the reviews on the website, I decided to take the chance. Ty the way, the reviews were excellent by the way of being informative and helpful. This TV has 3 HDMI inputs which is more than my more expensive TV in the living room! Although it took me more than 5 minutes to connect, (about 15), the picture is vibrant and clear using the HDMI cable, not so great using the regular cable. It is the perfect size for my bedroom which is why I bought it. I have had no trouble since I powered own and am thoroughly enjoying it!

Thank you Walmart. You gave me access to an affordable TV that I otherwise would not have been able to purchase. By the way, the TV is light enough that I can lift it myself.Great Value
works great for the bedroomTV
I only hope it lasts longer than the previous one (a 2&1/2 year old same model/brand). I thought that solid state TVs were to last nearly forever. Time will tell I guess.Last longer.
Nice TV for the price. Color is good.Nice TV
Worth the moneyExcellent Picture
I brought two for my kids great price i saved 110.00 on each tv shipping was free and i had it in two days thanks walmartgreat product
Wonderful buyGreat picture
this is what happened. when I brought the new tv home & plugged it up,it had a one & half inch dark line from the top to the bottom. I tried every thing I could think of & nothing worked. I took it back to the new walmart in Choctaw ok. they did not have one in stock they asked me if I would take another brand I said yes . they brought out a 32 inch Remington , it cost 9.00 more that was fine with me. I took it home & plugged it in & it works perfect. my hats off to walmart & their excellent employees.MY NEW WALMART IN CHOCTAW OK .THEY ARE GREAT....
I bought this on a whim. Great price point , great product. Glad I bought it.Great Product
Great picture ok sound, Good value purchase. I all you need is to watch TV, this one will do for a great price.Great Value
this is a great TV for the money great picture but the sound is hard to heargreat TV for the price
Great productGreat for the price.
If you want a nice tv for a nice price, this is the item. I'm very happy with the TV.Great Value for the Price
Mi brother is really enjoying his tv thanks alotsTV
Arrived on time. Easy assembly. Works great. what more can I say? Excellent.excellent tv
So far it has a great picture. Easy to set up. Clear picture.
Sound is good but might be lacking a little but for the money
it is outstanding!Easy installation. Picture is excellent!
It was more that we expect from a cheap TVVery good item
This tv has beautiful color.Beautifully Bright!!
I've had a 42" Sceptre for a couple of years. It's even sharper than my Samsung 56" DLP, which I think is better than any other TV up to this point. Also, this is the only TV that I know is made in the U.S.My second Sceptre. Best TV and it's made in the US
This is the second Sceptre I have purchased and both are just fine.Great TV for price
Great picture, sound I love it.Great Tv
Great picture. Easy to set up.Good TV for a fair price.
Well worth the priceGreat Price
Excellent shipping box, well protected. Setup was easy, picture is perfect. They even enclose a screen cleaning cloth and a screwdriver to assemble the swivel stand. I recently purchased a RCA unit which I had to return to Wal Mart because of defects. If you are looking for a 32 inch unit buy this one, you won't go wrong.great picture
Purchase for my son room and works great. Wide angle view is little a bit blurry.Great picture and sound.
Can't find a better HD TV for this price. Easy set up. Don't pay to buy name brand. This is just as good for this size TV,. I also have a 40" Sceptre TV for over a year and it also has been great.Great value
I purchased this TV and had it mailed to a friend. She called me and told me how much she liked it and how grateful she was. She has been sick for a while and was afraid that she would not be able to lift it. Apparently she was surprised that it is light weight; and, she was able to install the stand plus lift it onto a rolling table. She was very pleased with the quality of the picture and the overall TV.Friend
great tv for the price :)Great
Love the pic. Love how easy it was to set upTv
I couldn't ask for anything more from this TV. Sharp picture, plenty of features While only 720p. It still works well with my Directv converter. My converter is 480i, But I do get widescreen on HD channels. o that's why 720p was all I needed.Good TV for price
This TV is used for our game stations. Have been very pleased with it thus far and would recommend to anyone for the gamer in the family.Great TV
Cant say much except it is a Christmas giftfor a Christmas gift
i bought this item for my husband and he is really enjoying it and hides the remote exellent choice quality is good no problemsgreat choice
Terrific packaging. Manual was high quality, complete and easy to understand. Picture quality is excellent. Sound is fine though lacking in bass when playing music (like most TVs). Plenty of input ports. Overall, this is an excellent value.Excellent Value
Brought this for my teenage son and was pleased product came before a day before excepted and the quality is great and the price is very affordable.Great t.v. For the price
I actually haven't even opened it yet. It came right on schedule and the box is in good shape also and no problems picking it up from site to store either. I bought it for my kids for Christmas so it was a great price for a 32" tv. The picture and all that doesn't matter very much considering it's going to be in kids room. So I'm looking forward to seeing there faces on Christmas Day when they open it! I hope it's a great buy.Not opened
The tv was shipped and delivered within a few days. It was packaged well and I had no problems setting it up. Recommend this for your kids room or the primary tv in the household.Perfect, as described TV.
so far have not had any major problems , its very light in weight compared to our other 32' flat screen, cant get the direct tv remote to program the volume but other than that .. no problems its a nice tv for the sale price ...Sceptre-HDR 32" LED class 720P HDTV
Great TV for my son's bedroom. Perfect size and clear picture.Great TV for a great price!
I love the TV, the quality is GREAT, it over exceeds the price I paid.Great TV for the value
Great tv. Price was greatSnazzy
My twelve year old son loves his t.v. he was so surprised to get it for Christmas. The color is nice and it plays very clear. He was pleased with this gift.A Tween's Dream
Great hd tvgreat hdtv
We no complaints. This is the smartest purchase we have ever made.
The picture is so life like and the color we never had to adjust it.
The price was the best. Our old LCD TV was going to cost us more to fix then purchasing this one. This TV is LED and is a super quality picture.Live TV
This TV was easy,and fast to setup. It has great color,set to Vivid setting for best pictureEasy setup
ok. this tv is wounderfull for the price periodgreat tv,great natural color ect.....
thoroughly enjoygreat
12-24-2014
I am using this device as a monitor for my laptop. At $159 they're giving it away when compared to "monitors" much smaller; and with no TV; and no remote! Get the picture? Well if you do it's in 720P. I put it next to the 1080P version, which I also got, and no difference to my 65-year old eyes.
In the words of my beloved Mother: " a new broom always sweeps good". So I will wait and see. Got the extended 4-year warranty for $24, too.
Regards,
M.You cain't beat it with a stick!
Very nice for the price did not expect to look like this looks very nice.Sceptre tv
I have made the correct choice for a television since, earlier, I have made a purchase of the same model but larger screen, they are both excellent.Great picture and sound
Very clear picturegreat
This is my second tv made by this company . I had a problem with my first one they replaced no trouble at all . And the TV works great so we purchased one for our boys for Christmas . Truly happy Thank You Clara BrownHappy Customer
Very pleased with this TV. I especially like the sound system which I can hear at a low setting. If it lasts two years, I feel I got my money's worth,love it
Bought this tv as a spare for when we have guests. It has a really great picture. For the price, it is an excellent purchase. Also ordered it delivered to my home? It came when scheduled and was packaged well. All in all, we were very pleased with this purchase.Great picture
Excellent productGreat buy for the price!
I bought this for my son's bedroom and the picture is awesome!!!!!! Extremely pleased with the product, the price and how quickly is was shipped!AWESOME
Most beautiful picture and great sound!Must Have TV
This product has good picture and sounds... i like how it swivels on the stand and easy to put togethergood product
I have not connected my television as of yet. Will get back once it is set up. I hope I can give it a five-star rating.Not applicable as of yet
Very Pleased with this product.I also purchased the 3 year warranty plan through Walmart, I always do that.Great Product
Perfect for our bedroom , great picture and its energy saverLove it
Only had the TV for a couple of days, but so far so good. I have a Roku hooked up, cable (which I share with a TV in a room nearby), and DVD player.Great TV
perfect size for my bedroom.nice little tv
This is an absolutely great TV for the money. There are many other televisions with additional features are resolution and all of bells and whistles but for the cost of the TV you can't beat this deal!Great tv for the money
I love this tv, the only problem is the sound is very poor quality, had to add a sound bar to get the quality of sound I'm used to. The company should look into trying to better the sound quality. other than that no complaints. Thanks, Regina , Cleveland, OhioGreat value, needs better sound system
For $219 and free shipping, I feel like I stole this TV. I unboxed it, hooked it up, and was watching it in less than fifteen minutes. Very user friendly. The picture quality is EXCELLENT. I put this TV in my bedroom, and watched the football game on it Monday night. The picture quality is easily comparable to the 50 inch brand name TV in my living room. I was a little concerned about some of the complaints regarding the sound quality, but after tweaking the controls a little, it sounds FINE. It also has a built in equalizer (very easy to navigate as well), so if you can't get this sucker to sound decent enough, then you need to buy a more expensive unit. This TV is not marketed to be the primary unit in an expensive theater system, but for what it is and does, it is simply an outstanding value. It was very easy to program my DirecTv remote; if you have a newer model remote-RC65R-there is a code for Sceptre, and my remote accepted it on the first try...no need to use the Sony code as others have stated. I cannot say enough good things about this TV. It was so easy to set up, program the remote, tweak the audio and picture controls, etc. I fully recommend this TV.Great bargain
Only had it for a few weeks but can't beat the quality for the great price!Great buy! Great picturef
I got this tv for the Kids room. It shows great. They stream movies from Netflix and it shows a perfect picture. The remote is easy to use and the sound is great. This is a nice TV at a very affordable price.SKEPTICISM GONE! GREAT TV
I bought this TV online it was easy affordable and was shipped as promised. It works great the overall guality is excellent I am very pleased.Really nice TV.
One of the best online purchases I ever madeGreat deal
Im so Happy I bought 2 TV's caught them on sale. Great price. Overall Im a satisfied customer!Great TV, great price! picture is amazing!! :)
This made the second flat screen in my house.Great product
Its really worthy the price. nice screen and many models such as usb, hdmi, and traditional tv signal.Great and valuable item
This TV is great for my grandkids and their games.Great Value
The picture is very clear but the sound is a little garbled at times. It works perfectly.Great for starter
I would recommend this set for anyone...The color is vivid and easy to set up. Only bad thing is Im on direct tv and i can't link the remote of direct to this set but thats no biggie, ill use both...I bought this set thru my bank website and got 5% cash back so a no brainer...The 32 inch is wonderful, puts my 55 inch Samsung to shame..Great tv
This works well for my bedroom the sound however could be a little bit more higher depending on what movie I'm watching but I think I'm going to hook it up to some speaker boxes so it will be fine picture quality is good size is great for bedroom really nice product for the priceGreat television for bedroom
Very happyGreat tv for the money
I love it! Great quality for a good priceLove
Just got tv, ordered store to store had in 3 days. My 26 yr old neice came over and we had it up and going in maybe 30 minutes, very easy. Didn't need no man lol. love all of it, i read all reviews, checked out company. Don't let the negative remarks keep you from buying, you have to realize these are mass manufactured like all electronics, there is going to be lemons in the masses, that is just life, i had purchased a name brand 42" years ago and had to return 2 of them decided to go with different brand and found a cheaper one and was just as good as name brand. Granted i just received but there were MANY more good reviews than bad that's what made my mind up and now neice is buying the 40". I have in bedroom replaced a Sanyo old tv "she had been a great 28" tv, no HD then, she weighed a ton. I am loving this new one.Great TV overall really PLEASED
i'm a college student and i was looking for something fairly big & not too expensive. this tv is perfect for my apartment! i have it in my room and i've been very impressed with the picture quality and sound. good deal.great deal!
My 11 year old loves this tv, we got it for her, for Christmas....and it's just what she wanted...!!! Nice picture, quality and sound is great!.....and oh the price loved that the most......yay!Daughter loves it!!!!
This TV has very very good video quality it shows very good and its good for the price.Video Quality
This is an excellent value. The price was low but the quality is outstanding . Worked perfectly for my application.32" tv
Great T.V. for a bedroom!!Good T.V. @ a Great value
I just got this TV two days ago. It is a a great deal. I paid $159 with a "Bundle" price but I did not bundle it with anything. Still saved $10 off the $169 price. So far, this TV is doing much better than I suspected based upon the few bad reviews. It seems to have more ports that the one that some people have.

The big question mark is how long it will last. I will get back on that one.Great TV for the Price!!
I was initially told by walmart people that this brand was the bottom of the major brands - but that it was still a good tv.

After having it for two weeks - It is a very good tv - the only difference I see with the major brands is the color hues - on major brands there is a slight lightening of the hues, however since this is a minor concern of mine - the picture is great and the clarity if great - plus good sound - in fact the sound on this is slightly better than on the major brand that I had - what I mean is that on the other on I had to put sound vol up higher - on this not so high for good sound.Better than thought or was told
Excellent Tv . good buy , sent fast , thank you Walmart.Good buy for the money
I ordered this unit online on a Tuesday requesting the standard free shipping. My new Sceptre was delivered to my front door on Thursday the same week. It was well packaged and easy to set up. It does come with a small screwdriver for attaching the base, but a regular size Phillips was much easier to use. Set up was simple and the picture is crisp and clear with awesome color.Great Value
I like the sleekness of the tv. The color quality is awesome and I am able to connect my computer to it, which is another valuable benefit.Sceptre 32" television
I just got this t.v. and I wasn't sure about it because I didn't know the brand name, but after reading the reviews I decided to get it. There there were over 7 thousands reviews. Plus, it was a Special Buy and the price was really good! I actually set it up last night and it's great! I would definitely buy this brand again!! :-DGreat flat screen Led Tv
Arrived earlier than stated. Fantastic picture/sound. I've not had the sound over 10 yet! It seems bigger than I expected, but it is more than worth the money!Great TV!
I have no complaints and it works fine. The Menu is easy to follow. The scan brought more stations than I expected. Have not operated the TV much at this time however am satisfied with it. I noted that there are a number of external connections to make use of in the future.TV works fine.
Great buy,excellent picture. I bought it for my motor home.HDTV for rving
LOVE ITGREAT
Works great and has good picture!Great tv!
We've had a 32" LED HDTV Sceptre (1080P-60Hz) in our bedroom for almost 3 years that we love and haven't had a single problem with it (also purchased through WalMart.com). Felt comfortable enough to recommend as a combined family birthday present. Picked this one because birthday girl has cable that only supports 720P (1080P would have been a waste). Great picture, sound is fine for us normal people, great price, free super fast delivery right to our front door -- what's not to love? Also purchased the $24.00 4-year warranty. Hope we never need it but just in case we decided "can we really not afford to insure this for only $6.00 per year?"good tv
Have only owned the TV for four days, and so far very pleased.Excellent picture and sound.
Could include the HD cord!great product excellent price.
This is the third sceptre I purchase. I bought two for my parents and now another for my daughters room. The picture, sound, price and just the overall quality of this tv is excellent.great product
I love the tv & the tabletsdaizhadaionna
overall price ,quality and features are good .it s wroks fine to me so far,i just bought week ahead .checked everything in side tv with availabe features.great tv for who's under low budget
Excellent I love it.I liked it so much I found one for my Mother
This was the best thing I could have ordered. It arrive and in less than 30 minutes I had it hooked up, running and the cable hook-up was a piece of cake. I have been going to bed late ever since I got it. It is very light weight and gives a beautiful picture.Give Me The Remote
I use this product only as a monitor. It works perfect with very clear picture!!Nice Monitor
Good picture quality. Good color & sound. Easy to setup. Very light weight too. I was impressed. It's not cheap plastic either.Good picture quality. Easy to setup.
great tv and easy to put togethergreat tv.
My husband and I just wanted a flat screen so that we can easily move it back and forth from the living room. We took a chance on this set (the price made us slightly nervous, despite it's good reviews - we figured there had to be something wrong with it). It's proven to be an excellent purchase and already recommended it to my parents. Very satisfied!Excellent TV at a more-than-fair price!
This was my first 32' LCD television and it is better than I expected. I have a 42' but the picture quality in the 32' is much better.Better than I expected
it's just what I need for the space I have and the picture is perfect..love all of the features.perfect for my bedroom
Very happy with this TV. Has fantastic picture quality.Good Value
Great tv for the price..Easy to ensemble. .Great TV
Purchased tv a couple months ago, works great. picture is decent for a smaller tv. Appearance looks ok and not cheap looking plastic. feels durable yet slim and sleek. was very easy to hook up. want to purchase another one now for daughters bedroom. why spend the same amount or more on a 19 inch or 22 inch tv when you can have this one for about the same price and its a decent tv? good picture, and sound.Great Tv for the price
I bought this tv for my four year old daughter's bedroom and we are both satisfied. She has a great tv and I didn't have to spend alot of money. I had read the other reviews prior to purchasing this tv and alot of people were in disagreement of the sound quality and I would have to say it is good - actually better than I had expected. Last year I bought a Viore tv for the family room and I have to see the sound on the Sceptre is much better!EXCELLENT!
For the price it's the best you could find ! Awesome picture great sound! I use it as the family tv video games,movies , etc. I love that it comes with an easy to put together stand that turns left and right. Makes it super easy to go along with cooking shows wile I'm in the kitchen. I just might buy another one for my room. Really light easy to move.Love my new tv <3
good color. works as expected great value would recommend definitely!Nice Picture
This is the best TV I have ever purchased. The price was perfect and it was perfect for picking 70 digital channel. I highly recommend everyone to buy one and use walmart.com for deals.Awesome 32"
I've owned this product almost a month with no problems at all. So far, I love it.Great bargain for the price.
Working good for meWorking good for me
Bought as a room saver for a bedroom, had it shipped to my home,arrived earlier than expected, in perfect condition. Easy out of the box, easy set-up. Tried with comcast set top box, had a pixely picture, then tried an HD box from another TV and WHAM, what an awesome picture. This has a great HD picture and want to get a couple more to replace our older tube sets. Best price I had ever seen for a 32", beat out most of the 'black-friday' deals.Excelant value!
This is a great price for a TV this big. It has everything I need. I'm very happy with my purchase.Great TV
I bought this TV for my mom who had an old dinosaur in her room. She does not need all the bells and whistles that most televisions offer today, just a nice picture. So far it is well worth the cost. Lets hope that there is some longevity with it also.32 inch SCEPTRE great value
Great TV. I bought it for my grandson, and he likes all the features on it. Easy hookup, and great for his game consoles.Mrs
The value for the price is excellent. The delivery time was fast and efficient.. Will Definatelly recommend..Good product .. Met all expectations
Outstanding product for the price. This is my fifth TV from Sceptre that I have purchased from Walmart. Every bedroom has one now, and I have given one to my son for his birthday.Value and Quality
It worked very well...I love the fact that it swivels!!!amazing!!!
For a secondary tv, it is very adequate. Using this tv on cable without a cable box. Receive HD channels where possible with the built in digital tuner. Ok for bedroom or use outside for sports events.Great TV for the money
I purchased this TV for my son's bedroom. The picture is clear and sharp, it's a great little TV.Great TV
wish i was told about this set much sooner thinking about another 1 soon. for the my sister. it's a great buy so get one soon .it's a very goodset
Easy TV to set up. So far so good and a fantastic price. Bought it for my church to show kids DVD Bible stories and it works great.Great TV for the price!
I am actually using this TV as a monitor. I am thrilled with it. This picture detail is wonderful.Love this TV
Happy with t.v.happy happy
I was really weary of buying this TV because of the unknown brand name, but was pleasantly surprised by the performance. It has been perfectPerfect
very happy with our new Sceptre TV. Was easy to hook up and the picture is very good and clear. Got a great price on it so very satisfied!great TV
After i did some adjusting the picture is beautiful! The sound quality is not bad, but every different setting i tried sounded the same. Go for it.....it is a great tv!Great Tv !!
This was a MOTHER'S DAY GIFT TO MY Wife , of our four children. She has been wanting a new Flat screen. After researching the market. I found the perfect TV, Great picture , Great sound , and my my wife loves it. I found out this TV is made in the USA . I support all companies that can build a product and exceed my expectations.Awesome Sceptre 32" LCD TV
Absolutely love this TV , unfortunately it fell and the screen broke a week after
I bought it. Will replace it with another Sceptre though.Great buy
i just hooked my new tv up and it works good .. i'm buying a second one soonGreat buy
I had never heard of the Sceptre TV until I started researching for a good buy in one. Most of the reviews were good. Since I've set up my 32" Sceptre it has worked great with a great picture and sound. The price was affordable too.Seems like a good deal
Super simple to set up; nice picture. This is perfect for a teen's room which is why I purchased it.Great Value
Got this for my grandsons room. Picture is awesome through an XBOX 360. Great HD picture with an over the air antenna. The sound is better than I expected after reading some of the negative reviews.Great TV for the price!
My husband had the responsibility of setting up and seemed to do so with minimal effort. He had the unit up and running in minutes. We have this in our reception room of our business and clients comment how clear the picture is. So far so good, we will let you know more if it doesn't last, but for now all seems great!great product
I bought this Sceptre 32" TV from Walmart for my son. I am very pleased with my purchase!Sceptre 32" TV - Good Deal
Crisp and clear picture.Great product
I love my televisionExcellent product
I was skeptical because of the price.
Read the reviews just as you are right now and made me a believer.
Picture looks good. Quality of TV is great for just over 200 bucks.
Even came with a screwdriver.
No problems so far.Great TV for the Price
For the minimal price of this TV, you can't do better than this TV. The picture quality is incredible, and the sound quality is as good as TV's costing two or three times as much. It's a basic TV without a lot of bells and whistles, but it performs well and does what most of us need a TV to do.Phenomenal TV for the price!
The picture is very clear. Easy to use. For the money I cannot complain. It was fairly easy to install and get started.Great TV for the money
I got this tv for my 15yr old he loves it no complaintssatisfied customer
I definitely love this TV. Considering that the other LCD TV's that I have looked at were quite expensive compared to the one I purchased here, this one was pretty cheap and it is quite a deal for the price. yeah, sound may need tweaking but its nothing that can't be fixed. All in all Wonderful product!Quite a bargain!!!
I ordered this set as a Christmas gift for my mother. It arrived on time in its original packaging and in excellent condition. My sister and I were able to set it up easily and my mother was enjoying her new TV within an hour of receiving it. Picture and sound quality are excellent. Remote is easy to operate.Christmas Gift for Mom!
This was a item I bought for my mom for Christmas. She was so happy. She called almost everybody in our family telling them what she got for Christmas. She also told people they better not touch it. She loved her gift. Thank yall for making it possible with such quick shipment. I will be ordering from you all again.AWSOME!
I love the functionality of the TV and the picture is very good. The only thing it doesn't have is a "last channel" button on the remote. The price is what you'd expect from Walmart. Thanks.Sceptre 32" HD TV
Simple to hook up.great picturegood tv
I bought this TV for my bedroom. I didn't want to spend a lot of money on it because I wouldn't be using it that much. After a bout with the flu I spent a great deal of time watching it. The picture is quality is excellent and I'd as sharp as the expensive name brand TV I have in my den. It was an excellent purchase. I have no complaints at all. I would highly recommend this TV to anyone.Excellent purchase!
Great TV for the price, so far it works fine an it has a really loud volumeGreat TV
This tv Sceptre is awesome. I like it very much and it works to. I will buy another one in the future bigger because this is good for intertainment for friends. I Love it.Sceptre 32" Television
I love the television. I was scepticle because I never heard of brand and it was cheap the saying goes "you get what you pay for". That isn't the case with this television the quality, price, and sound is awesome. Also the added features make the buy even sweeter.Price doesn't represent quality.
Worth the price.Good product
I was looking for a large flat screen and wow, did I find a good one. This flat screen has an excellent picture and sound. I would recommend this TV to anybody who is looking for a good TV at an excellent price.What a great find
I purchased the 46" Sceptre about 3 years ago and have loved it ever since. I bought the 32' as a gift and the recipient is very happy as well. Do not get caught up in name brand and all the spec hype involved with HDTVs. Sure the picture can always be "better", but at the end of the day you'll never know the difference unless you are comparing side by side to another brand.Great TV for the price
This tv has the best picture and sound right out of the box. It is better than any tv I have ever owned, including some that cost hundreds of $ more! Very pleased with the quality and the workmanship. The ultra thin screen is wonderful and the entire set and stand barely weighs anything. Even the packaging is quality and well done.Great TV
This sceptra tv is great. I only paid 209.00 and I am very pleased with my purchase.Best Purchase for the price
I purchased this for my daughter for Christmas, She was so excited . The picture was very good and the size was perfect for her room..I might buy one for my granddaughter just to see her reaction..lol . Thanks WalmartAwesome gift!!
Perfect tv for the price I purchased for black friday. The picture is clear at first the sound was a bit shaky but I learnt how to adjust it from the menu. It was easy to install no complications at all just follow the book.Awesome for the price!!
Great product!It's exact what I expected
awesome picture!! nevermind the price!! this is the tv to buy if you want a 32 inchGREAT TELEVISION
This LCD TV exceeded my expectations. I knew the contrast wasn't as good as on my 42" Toshiba but WOW, it has a great picture. I purchased two, one for each child's room. The quality is excellent for the price. No complaints here, everything works!!Excellent Product & Price
I bought this television as a gift for my son for Christmas. At first I was a little skeptical because I hadn't heard of the brand. After researching I found out it is in the Sony family and felt I should give it a chance. I'm glad I did. Set up was easy, the picture is awesome, and by my son being a gamer the graphics really just jump out of the screen. I love this television!More than I expected
Except for the sound quality this is not a bad tv. Good picture, easy hook up with HDMI. Try it.Not bad
I'm very satisfied with my purchase and love the picture.My TV
Decent controls and lots of inputs. Picture very good for 720p. Speakers cant take much volume and tone adjustments or they buzz, but didn't expect they could. Didn't find any dead pixels. Had for 3 weeks so can't say about longevitySceptre 32" Class LCD 720p 60Hz HDTV, X322BV-HD
I snagged this tv during the holidays and WOW, what a great tv for the price! It was easy to setup, the remote is easy to use. I would definitely recommend this tv to anyone looking for a great bargain.Great picture!
Was so pleased to get this deal on a tv. Got it for the grandchildren's room and it comes in great. Arrived in no time and easy to hook up.Great TV
Clear and Attachable..Kids love there tv...Clear and Attachable..Kids love there tv...
I love my new TV! With the HDMI, it was simple to hook up. I was actually able to lift the TV up myself without any help, because it does not weigh much. The picture is beautiful, very sharp. I have trouble with my eyes, and my old fashioned TV just wasn't doing it anymore. Now with my new purchase, I no longer have those issues. I can see everything beautifully. The only thing about this TV (and it's not a deal breaker for me), is that the sound is a little bit 'tinny.' I don't know if that's a good way to explain it or not. It doesn't really both me, just wanted to let ya'll know this. I would definetly recommend this TV to anyone. For the price, it was well worth it!Great TV for the price!
So much more than I expected (they even included a screwdriver)!!! It was so easy to assemble... I only have an air antenna and it picked up almost all the channels on the first try. Very pleased so far - will see if it holds up.What a great deal!!
I purchased two of these televisions... love everything about the tv..highly recommendlove this tv I bought 2
I bought this TV for my 95 year old mother. It was an excellent value for the price. Picture and sound were both very good. Set up was simple and without problems.Great Value
We really like this TV. The sound quality is fine and I like that there are pre-set sound options. The menu features for adjusting screen viewing size are easy to use too, so when we watch old movies they are not stretched out because we are able to set it to "normal" view instead of "wide" view. So far so good. my only complaint was there is only one hook-up for AV, so I could not hook-up both the Dvd/VCR player and the Wii directly into the TV. I had to route the Wii through the DVD/VCR player which we have connected to the TV. But that even works really well, so it is not really a big deal.So far it is great. Just what we wanted.
I was looking for a television within my budget and honestly I was skeptical of this product. It felt as if I were gambling, but it was worth it. Easy set up, and user friendly remote. Wish the settings were a bit more but overall best tv for a low price.Great television for gaming and movies.
I bought this TV for my son about 3 weeks ago. His main use for it is to play xbox360, and it does a great job with that. We got the Tv for just over $200, and it's a great bargain for that price. The picture is very good, the sound is good for this type of Tv, and the features are adequate . We were able hook up both the xbox and cable via HDMI connection, so we get the best picture/sound quality. Overall, I think this TV is a great value and a quality product so far. Only time will tell how long it stands up to the daily wear and tear.Great Value
easy to set up. great directions swivel mount

excellent picture and even better in hi def

this tv is as good as any under $500 tv out thereamazing for the money
Very satisified. No difficulty in setting it up. Picture is clear, sound is clear. What more can you ask for???The Sceptre 32" met all my expectations.
I bought this for my sister as a birthday gift. It arrived in two days with free shipping! This is her first hdtv, so she's thrilled and said the picture looks amazing. I was a little hesitant because I had never heard of this brand, but the reviews convinced me to give it a try and I'm certainly glad I did. As someone else said, if you're not expecting the quality of an $800 tv, you should be very pleased with this purchase. IMO, with free shipping, this is the best value for a 32" tv that can be had anywhere. Great as a gift!! I highly recommend!Unbelievable Value
we were able to receive more local channels then our other tv didHad features we didnt know a tv had
When i chose this tv i chose it simply because it was what i could afford. I had no idea what an awesome choice it was. The picture quality is phenomenal, the sound is excellent, setup was a breeze and we love it. I was hesitant to purchase this tv instead of spending more for a more recognizable name. But as it turns out, Sceptre is made by Sony, which i consider to be a very reputable brand. And this tv way exceeded my expectations!! Love it and would recommend it to anyone.Love this tv!!
Very good TV and meet all my expectations, because is not a Samsung but have very good video quality and the price it was incredible. Really fast shipping to my site storage. I'm Happy and my daughter too.Awesome
This television is very nice, at first I was skeptical about purchasing an off brand television, but being a college student I couldn't exactly afford a Vizio, after purchasing I looked up some reviews from other websites many of them bashing the television. well I have this to say... they were simply wrong. this television has given me no problems, its display is great, and its quite possibly one of the best deals on the market, I would say comparable to some of the major brands at nearly half the price!

Summary? Sceptre has earned a life long customer from me. keep up the good work!Great for those who want HD and size on a budget!
I bought two (2) of these TV's and I am so very pleased with the ease of the set-up and the picture quality is exceptional. This is one of the best purchases I have ever made. I purchased these TV's online and they came with free shipping. I had them delivered to my job and the delivery driver called me, met me at my car, and helped place them in the back seat. Talk about service, the whole experience from start to finish was awesome. I purchased them on Tuesday and they were delivered on Friday of the same week. Three days is all it took and I am a very satisfied customer. The sound quality is better than excellent as a matter of fact, it was pre-programmed on 23 and when the power was turned on the TV was so loud. We keep the sound down to 16 or 17, but I think it goes as high as 60. This is a great buy. Thanks Walmart.Fantastic product at a phenominal price.
I was skeptical when buying this tv but after plugging it in and seeing the picture I am a believer. I bought it for a bedroom tv and am extremely happy with the picture and sound. It is well worth the money and when hooked to a blu ray the picture is still excelent. I would highly recomend and I will be buying another one for my daughters room.Bang for the Buck
GREAT PICTURE AND SOUND. GREAT BARGAIN FOR THE $$$$$$GREAT PICTURE AND SOUND
i bought this for my grandsons room and it is perfect it met all my expectations and then some the picture is clear and it goes so well with the u-verse that is connected to it i would recommend this to everyone.met my expectations
Purchased this TV for my sons bedroom, price and picture are both great..Only had it 1 week NO problems so far......Like so much just purchase another one as a wedding gift!..Perfect!Great Price!
I got this TV for my daughters room. The quality vs price is awesome. I will be buying a second one for my own room.Awesome TV for the price
Replaced older TV in Wife's room ...she is overjoyed with picture...I was happy since easy install and set upHappy Wife Happy Life
We bought this television on sale and it was an excellent deal. The picture is very clear. We use it in our bedroom and it takes up less space than our old model.Pleased with purchase
Even though I never heard of this name, I took a chance and found this tv to be a great value. Very easy to install and set up. Has very good picture and sound.Unknown value
Love it! Looks great!Great deal!
Great pic, very easy setup. Super Great price. Shipped to store no shipping. Will buy agian.Just a great TV
This TV is a great value for the money.
It has a clear picture, sound and
is easy to operate.I Love This TV
We love everything about this TV... Just as good as one we paid alot more forGreat
This television replaced a 27" JVC that burned out last year after 17 years of faithful service. In its place, we set up a 19"--both were old school tv's that could not hold a candle to this tv. It has good picture, decent sound and we purchased it at an awesome price. I'm very, very happy to have such a good deal.BargainHappy
Nice looking, light weight and easy enough for a senior citizen to handle. Set up was easy. Volume is very good for a slimline TV; the bigger the screen the better the volume on the audio. Picture quality excellent for an LCD and 720p. Bought TV and set it up for my husband. He enjoys it and I haven't had any complaints from him. Excellent quality product for a low price. Sceptre has been making computer screens for about two decades or more, hence the excellent picture quality.Excellent value for the price
This was a gift, and I couldn't be more pleased with the picture, sound, price of this TV. I was concerned with the 720p, but it was so clear. Great value. Only had problem putting the stand on, but spoke with custumer service and they walked us through it.Very pleased with the quality of the TV
Good value, very fast delivery, arrived in perfect condition.Good value
This TV is excellent. Great sound, picture, and quality, but mostly excellent price. Off brand name with name brand quality. Love it. Will buy more when needed.Excellent product with excellent price
bestbest
Let me start by saying I originally ordered a Coby from KMart two days before purchasing this one. I read very bad reviews and immediately grew afraid needless to say I returned it after finding this one online at Walmart for a better price with a warranty, free shipping, and better reviews. With standard shipping it came next day (awesome), very easy stand assembly, included screws, screwdriver, remote, and manual. Picture quality is great for a 720. Sound quality is about accurate for the price, it's no surround sound; but sounds really good. Overall I am very satisfied with my purchase. Highly recommend for anyone seeking quality HD/ HDMI electronics on a tight budget. Go for it.Great Buy for Your Money!!
For the price, this TV is fantastic. Everything works great, bought a wall mount as well, and that was easy to install. Only regret, I should of went a little bigger. I would suggest this to anyone.New TV
I would recommend this TV to anyone, great price and excellent service at Wal Mart.Great TV!!!
I bought this TV for gaming, And I ABSOLUTELY love it, And I am gonna start commentating for video games, So It will be excellent for my youtubers, I just wanted to give positive feedback because its an awesome TV And excellent for alot of stuff, I actually hook up my computer to it sometimes and its still picture perfect quality and awesome sound,Awesome TV
This is my first TV and it's simply awesome.
Great picture + Great sound

I would defiantly recommend this TVAwesome buy
Great valueBetter than exspected
This is just a basic TV. Good for its price. The only problem until now is with analog TV channels, the picture is noisy, but I think that more a problem from my tv provider than the TV itself.Basic TV for general purpose
My only issue was the remote control did not work. I replaced the batteries, however that was not the case. I tried to return only the remote, however I would have had to return the tv also. I already had my tv set up. I contacted customer service and they gave me a credit of $10.Great tv for the price!
First let me start by saying the shipping was super fast, like next day fast, and I went with the standard shipping. I was super pleased with that cause my TV was no longer working. I have no complaints about this product, being that it is a no brand product, it has a beautiful picture and is a great size for the price!! super pleased all the way around!!GREAT TV ~ GREAT PRICE
I purchase this t.v for my kids room. Once I set it up I almost took it from them and put in my room. I will definitely be buying another to place in living room or my bedroom. The price, quality, sound and features are great.First Flat Screen
We did not anticipate the quality of this Unknown Name Brand. We have RCA, HP, Samsung etc. and this set is equal to those. Great TV and a Great LOW Price!Better than Expected!
Great for the price plus free shipping!,, Great sound and color.....perfect size for my bedroom!!!! The little kit even had a little screwdriver to put it together!!!Great for the price
I shopped around online and on land. I even went to our local Walmart, and this was the BEST deal. Review looked good so I took a chance. Shipping was only 11 bucks but they shipped it USPS Priority mail which was speedy. Picture and sound are excellent. Have it hooked up to satellite for regular TV viewing. Excellent. EASY set up. Have hooked my laptop to it via component cables to watch streaming video and it's just perfect. No complaints at all.Love it!
I will love to buy another one someday hopefully in the near future.great tv,very nice to have.
The only thing that I have to say negatively about the tv is...the remote batteries. Order new AAA batteries for the remote for without fresh batteries you will not be able to set-up the tv. I waited 4 days and it took my child only 30 seconds to figure that out.
( Was a gift to thyself) haha!!!Good starter, Couldn't beat the price, excellent
I absolutely love the quality of this television. The price was very reasonable. I would definitely recommend this tv.Great buy for the price
Only critic is that its not as flat as i thought. but other then that its a great tv!Great tv for begginers!
Tv worked perfect right out of the box.Clear picture great sound and lots of features. I used a wall mount bracket which fit nicely.A very good tv and a great price.good tv
This TV has a high praise for me. It being an off brand name matters not to me. It definitely meets all my needs. Thinking about another one for Christmas present.Best bang for my Buck!
i have two one 40" one 32" like them botheasy to set up
This is an excellent tv for the price. The picture is Crystal clear and the sound is great.32 in tv
Great TV for the price!Great price!
I just bought my t.v and I love it. I never had this brand but i definetly love it. Cheap, the sound is good, the picture is good.I LOVE IT !
It's only 720 p but it works nice with Directtv. If you turn it up to hear better it seems to buzz or vibrate slightly, I can't hear it but my wife can!!! Overall a great setGood set for the money
I bought this TV because my daughter said I really needed to update my entertainment center. I had an old TV that still sorta worked. I bought it used from my boss and I don't know how long he had had it but it was pretty old. I really like it. It has a great picture and I enjoy watching my programs on it. Brilliant color and sound!Great TV at a great price
He loves it.Gift for my Dad...
I have had this TV for three weeks. I am very please with my purchase, I will purchase another one for my guess room. You can't beat this buy.Great 32" LCD TV FOR THE PRICE
I would recommend purchasing this TV. The picture and sound are excellent.This is a great TV for its price .
my son bought this for his room. Good color, clear picture, and the sound is good. The size is just right for his bedroom.good bury
Good,Good and GoodGood,Good and Good
Never heard of the brand before but we figured for the price we'd give it a try... Soooo glad we did! It is better quality then our 42' Magnavox that we paid $500 for....sad... I highly recommend this tv...lots of bang for your buck!Great TV - Great Price
I can't evaluate the quality, etc, because it was sent over 300 miles away from me, but heard it is doing just great. I do know the service was fast...very fast and the value is really good as well.Good product....great service
once i started using a hdmi cable the picture was quite impressive. especially for this price. i am very pleased with this purchase. i would recommend it to anyone. you might get a slightly better picture with a much higher priced tv. but for the price difference it would be hard to imagine.this is an excellent buy
My first LCD tv.. I have had it a little over a month.. very impressed.. so I bought 2 more for my grand children..picture quality in HD on my cable is very very good.. sound does leave somewhat to be better but i have external sound connected anyway.. I replaced a 32" samsung CRT TV I have had for 12 years.. I would buy one again.. I researched the maker of this tv.. it is supposed to be made in the US in a small factory in Calf.Great TV for the price
I love this television. I bought it for my 4 year old son and colors on the tv looking at cartoon and playing the game is excellent. I adjusted the color on the menu button, but we love it. Well worth the money for a $200 television.Exceeded my expectations
I'll get another one any timeexellent for price and quality
I wasn't sure about buying this T.V. because it was pretty cheap, But it did have a lot of good reviews, also a few bad, of course we all know there has to be some bad in every product that is made, also some people you can never please... That being said, by all means, don't be afraid to buy this tv, the only way you will be disapointed is if you are one of the unlucky ones and get ahold of one of the bad ones, in that case you have 90 days to take it back to walmart for an exchange. This is the easyest tv's to hook a computer to and switch back and forth that I have ever had. The sound could be a little better but I also have not tried to set it any other way than when it came out of the box. I could not be more pleased!!!!Great second tv and monitor screen.
This is a GREAT buy and value! We are buying another one for our other bedroom it was such a great deal and the picture and sound are as good as our more expensive TV.Great TV
greatgreat
You can't beat this 32" TV for price and quality. Picture is bright and sharp. Several months ago I bought a Sceptre 16" TV for my home desk. The sound needed computer speakers, but for $79 I have no complaints. Now paying $180.00 for the 32", I couldn't be more happy. The 32" needed some Eq adjustment with the sound, but I don't feel I need external speakers like the 16". I have other TV brands that cost many times more, and I can tell you those other TV don't justify their higher prices I paid for them. If you are afraid of a lesser known brand of Sceptre, spend another $19 for a 3 year warranty. Walmart shipping on both TVs arrived 2 days earlier than listed on-line. I'm also impressed that both these TVs are so much more energy efficient compared to other TVs I own. The 32" draws only 59w and the 16" draws 13w according to my "Kill-A-Watt" meter. Why spend double or more when these Sceptres do such an excellent job for a basic HDTV.Sceotre TV is an excellent choice
i hope trey are good they are christmas giftsthese are christmas gifts
Super low price and its a great tv. Good sound and picture. And super cheap price!! Love itVery impressed with this tv.
This is my second purchase of this same TV. The first one was 6 months ago.Love it!
Good value.. Appreciate free shipping.TV
Gave it as a gift and the recipient loves it.great!
It's great so far.This is great for kids room or and extra bedroom
They were very pleased with features and weight.I purchased this as a gift.
When i first buy my fist 40" lcd tv i didnt know what to expect, SURPRISE!! great quality, great sound and amazing features, so buying my 2nd sceptre tv was a cake, i cant believe i buy the tv for 201 dollars, i would reccomend to anyone this tvGreat buy on my 2nd sceptre tv
We bought this tv for the master bedroom. The grandsons tv was very old and wouldn't stay on the channel so we upgraded and put our old set in their room. The one thing I would say is go ahead and buy a hdmi cable rather than coax, even without hd service, the picture is soooooo much better.Great TV for the price
I have been waiting for a TV manufacturer to produce an affordable solution that allows both use as TV and Computer Monitor at an affordable price. This appears to be it!Sceptre Ahead on Technology
Love this TV...No problems...works just fine.Great TV for this price.
While I bought this tv as a gift, I picked it up, (Wal-Mart site to store is PHENOMINAL!!!) My brother installed it, and it was incredibly easy to hook everything up. When we had questions of how to proceed, the owners manual was concise and precise. The TV was hooked up to cable, and the picture is a very high quality, sharp images. What I especially liked was the USB port hook up, to me that will be all the difference in viewing pictures and other type media. WalMart, thank you. Sceptre, thank you. I definitely and highly recommend this TV, and would purchase another one in a heart beat. The question now is, how long will it last.Quite a bargain. Well worth the money.
I saw many people who said this wasn't a good buy and man who said it was. It was among our price rang and our old box TV was giving out. Com-paired to what we had this is extraordinary. Now its not as good as an RCR or any brands as that but honestly it looks wonderful. Its not very thin its about 2 or 3 inches think but it looks great. The stand some times worries me because my kids will move it but so far it has stood up to the test. A baseball even hit the screen and not one thing was messed up on it. Very great TV and I would buy it again. Thinking about getting another one for the bed room. The sound has to be adjusted but once it is its wonderful and the picture needs an adjustment as well. Other than that its a wonderful TV. Only problem I had was with the remote. Its a bit cheap and stopped working about a couple months after we bought the TV. It only turns the volume up or down. Other than that a very great TV for such a low price.Wonderful TV
I could not believe the delivery time we received. Purchased this for a family member gift.Gift
The best was free delivered in 2 days, with no shipping costGreat Flat screen TV for the money
I had just purchased a larger name brand television for one of the bedrooms in the house.The expectations were high,,,and they were met!! I came onto a bargain in this particular television and was quite worried about the quality and clarity of the picture.I am delighted to say both came out A'OK!! I am not going to get crazy and say a bunch of outlandish things! Suffice it to say, the picture is just fine! and I am very pleased with the Sceptre..Skeptic about Sceptre???
good instructing on how to put on wall and every thing went greatgood picture good valve
It on sale during black friday. Great buy and great pricegreat buy
I have a business, and I am changing out old televisions with 32 inch flat screens. I have already purchased and replaced six so far of this type. Everyone is happy about them and they have had a great picture and the price is very reasonable.Excellent Deal
Excellent price on this TV and picture and sound is great too.Great TV
I got rid of the big back tv and purchased this one for the kids room and it's perfectPerfect for the kids room
Replaced old Sony Wega which was never going to die!!! Pic, siz, wgt, exceed all expectations. Easy set up and connection to surround sound...just perfect...Fits our needs perfectly
If I could I would buy another TV like this. Great!It is a great buy
Caught this on an online sale on 11/28 for 169.00. The hardest part was waiting for shipping. Picked it up at the store. Box was a bit worn ,but TV was well protected. The 3 hdmi ports are a nice feature. The remote is rather large but ok. I had to play with the picture settings a little to get what I wanted. Work great with my Roku, and a laptop, both connected to hdmi. Even for the regular store price, this is a decent deal.Nice even for a higher price
Can't wait til he hooks it up and sees all the great featuresit was a gift for my boyfriend
That is a great tv 4 the price love it !!!!!Great tv
No problem with ordering online or pickup at store. Price was excellent!Works great
excellent picturegood price, worked out great
This is the very first HDTV I've purchased.

There are several things I particularly like:

1) You can choose the 'aspect' of the picture....i.e.normal, zoom, cinema, widescreen.
2) There is a usb port.
3) It has a built in digital tuner.

The picture is wonderful, and the sound isn't half bad. I did purchase a small surround sound system, but that's a personal choice.

All in all, I would buy this television again.Excellent!
Needed TV for playroom for grandkids. Not familiar with this brand but thought I'd try it. It was easy to set up. Picture quality is good. Has 3 HDMIs, VGA out, and composite video/audio. Just got it this past week so cannot attest to longevity but very pleased thus far.Great TV for the price
Would definetly buy again so far awsome tvGreat tv for price
I purchased this TV for my mom for Christmas and she just love the PICTURE.32 inch TV
I got this for myself as a bedroom TV. I think it's fabulous. I haven't heard of this brand name but no complaints on any level, great picture, great sound, nice remote, nice size for the top of a dresser.Great TV
This TV meets and exceeds our expections for the price. Excellent for use in a quest or spare room. We are well satisified with this unit.Excellent quality for the price
We were happy to find this tv when we were looking for one for my son's room. We didn't want to spend more than $200.00. We actually were looking at smaller tvs but then saw this one on sale online. We wall-mounted it and it looks great.Great tv for the price!
I bought this tv in November thru the "Site to Store" delivery option and it was delivered quicker then expected. After buying it, it made me want to upgrade the rest of the tv's in my home. It has a great picture and the sound is better then I expected. Love the swivel stand, as you can watch the tv from any angle in the room without the need of having to move the entire tv. Love the tv, Love the price $179.00 my money was very well spent**We highly recommend it!*** LOVE THIS TV - MONEY WELL SPENT***
A very nice gift for someone special, and a great price.Sceptre 32" HDTV
This is my first flat screen TV and I love it. the picture is clear set up is easy. the only thing I don't like is when you try to program the channel you can't see the letters I wish you could change the color of the channel display it is a neon lime green but other than that it is great.Great TV
Read the reviews, some were good and some were bad. Got this television and it is GREAT. the picture is super and the sound is awesome. For the price you can't go wrong. You can hook just about anything up to it. It has plenty of all the necessary ports that you will need. I will definetly recommend this unit to my friends.Sceptre 32" Class LCD
I was needing a new tv's for our bedrooms so I decided at 32 in would be big enough but I didn't know exactly how much they would cost. I reviewed is brand and several other "majors brands" but kept coming back to this SCEPTRE 32. After reading reviews I decided to purchase 2. We got them and we were thrilled. The color was very good, the sound is unbelievable!! I have a Sony 46 Google in my living room and my son's tv from his room is on 8 can I can hear his just as good. The remote is a nice size, it's long so you can press the buttons quite easily. The instructions for the tv are presented well. Everything comes in a plactic ziplock type bag for safe keeping and the manual itself is in color from front to back. This might not impress many but how many times have you bought a major label and the manual might be black and white or you have to log on to a website for a manual. haha. These tv's are worth every penny I spent. If you are wanting any of the smart ty features this isn't for you but once you get a blu ray connect you can have it. The ports are great. The placement on the side of the tv are good. XBOX looks great on tv. This is a solid product don't under estimate this brand..Happy viewingYou Will Love This Television
Anyone looking for a great buy and a great picture for a second TV can't go wrongSurprisingly great picture for the price.
This TV was just the thing I needed. it has hook-ups for everything,including my antenna.
walmart really had the best price this year on TV's.
Thanks walmart, you made it possible for me and alot of other folks to get a new TV for Christmas.
Ms. Paulagreat bargain and well equipped with hook-ups
WELL I RECEIVED MY SPECPTRE TV HOOKED IT UP AFTER I READ THE WHOLE BOOKLET OF INSTUCTIONS PUT ALL THE SCREWS IN THE PLACES AND THE TV SET UP. PLUGGED IT IN
TURNED IT ON READ HOW TO GET ALL THE CHANNELS AIR & DIGITAL ON. THE TV. WORKS GREATGREAT TV
Very nice TV. Don't have a lot of features but it do have the basic features I was looking for:
3 HDMI ports
PC port
Audio Out

It has more but without these, I would have moved on.Very nice TV
This tv was perfect for my son's bedroom and a good value for the price.So far, so good.
I've purchased three of these TVs for our utility plant to use as monitors and they work great! No problems at all after three months of constant use. They are on 24/7 too. Very easy to setup as monitors too! I would highly reccomend them to anyone who wants to get a great pricture for a great price.Best TV value out there.
We have enjoyed our TV, thank you Wal-Mart:)over all great job
I bought this TV for the bedroom and its perfect. Yea it doesn't compare to my LED in the living room but I never expected it to. I have my older xbox 360 hooked up to it and with an HDMI cable it still looks pretty darn good. No complaints at all with it.Perfect Bedroom TV
We've only had the tv for two weeks; so far it's been great. Good sound, color & great for xbox 360. Hoping it lasts longer than the 32" Emerson we purchased for $200+ that died after 8 months of use.Great so far!
bought this for my sons room he loves it great t v for a cheap price we looked around for a good t v and ended up buying this one we are glad we bought this one its worth every pennygreat t v
Nice tv for our spare bedroom. Happy with it!Fast Service.
Haven't been able to use it much bought for my garage. I did notice if there is much sunlight the screen is kind of difficult to see. Otherwise great TV especially for the price.Great LED TV for the price
This TV is about the cheapest to be found but is the same quality, if not better, than more well known brands of a higher cost. Came with a clear heavy zip lock type package to keep manual and stuff in. Also included was a little screwdriver for assembly. Just a nice put together unit. If you are on the fence about this, buy it. I am about the pickiest person around and I am pretty happy with this purchase. Also bought a swivel type wall mount. Had no problem mounting this TV either.Nice TV for the money
I'm a tech geek and I do lots of research before I settle on a purchase, especially electronics. This is a great tv for my bedroom. I don't have cable and so I attached my laptop and surf to the networks online to watch my favorite shows. I have my wii and a blueray player connected, also...full entertainment. Now if I could just figure out how to get my ipod to play through the speakers....If I ever lose the remote, it uses Sony codes for a universal. I like that Walmart provides spec documents on their site.Great TV for the money!
This is the second Sceptre we have purchased. The first was a 40". The TV has a great picture. As reported before the sound is not awesome but other than that a great bang for the buck. Easy to hook up and start watching immediately. We have Dish Satellite and the two work well together. This brand only seems to be available online and not in the stores so we relied on reviews when we purchased the first one and on our experience when we purchased this one. We have not been disappointed.Great Value
Great TV for the price.
The picture quality is much lower than that of top dogs on the market such as SONY, Panasonic, Sharp. Er... I have NO faith in Samsung nor LG so they are out of question.
What's not good interms of picture quality: color saturation is very off from what i consider naturalistic color.
Sharpness of the image also not that great. Hd reception display better sharpness, but here and there edge of whatever on display blur for moment for some reason.
Sound quality: well, you should have external system anyways if you desire a good sound quality.

I bought the unit for less than 200 from Walmart.com on black Friday 2011.
I gave the TV to my in-laws to replace their aged small tube. They are very happy with the TV, so I marked 5 stars.
Need to know what you are getting. If you are Fine with bottom price with lowest end quality, this TV will be wonderful for you.

Added bonus of this TV is great connectivity with other devices.
Would be great to use as computer monitor too.Great for $, lower pic Q and sound Q not so good
Awesome buy. Compares to any other TV I had at any price. I was jut looking to get a cheap HDTV to get through the holiday season. Until I would have more time to look around. Well anyway I found a keeper. Just wish I had gone a little bigger, but at this price there is no loss. I can still go bigger when I am ready. Too bad this TV is not on display.Great HDTV!
I am happy with my purchase and the price was great with the Free Shipping to Store. Could not find one with this price in my local store.Good Value for this TV
Can't beat the price and quality on this, you get much more than your monies worth! Bought for my sons dorm and works great for watching , TV, video games and most of all as a monitor for his laptop!Great TV for Dorm or spare Bedroom!
I bought and my kids love it it has great visionits great love it lol!!
Very happy with this productlovely tv
got it home, unboxed it, plugged it in & it does what any 32" new tv should do.....good pic, sound ok, great bedroom tv for us.....Take the money you save from buying the more established brands, & get a HDMI cable & buy the extended warranty.....smart.......very smart! :]good product
Purchased this television for our bedroom within a few days of moving to a new house. Old tv finally gave out. So as you can guess, money was kind of tight right then. I am very pleased with the experience of ordering on-line thru Wal-Mart.com. It even showed up at the store a day sooner than expected. Quality of the television is excellent. Setting it up and using it was also a pleasant surprise as it went very easily. The remote seems kind of cheap, but that's ok as we use the cable remote for everything now that it was programmed for this tv. It's only a 720p, but that's okay as most of the things I like to watch (live sports programs, etc.,) are only broadcast in 720p anyway.

Thanks for offering a great product at an even greater price.Great television for those on a budget!
This is an awesome product. The picture quality and sound are great. It is just the right size!

I would recommend that everyone purchase this product.Awesome Product
I was supprised at the quailty of the picture, of course you need a HDMI hookup, from your HD provider. I had it shiped to store, I recieved it within 4 days. The sticker came off with alittle alcohol no problem. I am going to purchase a larger one when I get ready for my living room. The remote is not that good But I have the cable remote. Sound not bad but I am planning to purchase a sound bar in the future. So far so Good.Good TV at a Good Price
Was skeptical to purchase due to other reviews. Went ahead and bought it because it was the best deal. I was going to use it in my camper. I set it up in the house first. Now I like it so much, I'm keeping it in the house and use an old TV in the camper!Bought for camping, but keeping it in the house!
I'm not a tech savvy person and buying a tv brand name that I've never heard of before was a risk, but the price was the big selling point for me especially a tv this size. Then when I got it home and turned it on , I was surprised at the great picture, the sound quality was good and the size was perfect for my bedroom. I would definetly recommend this tv to anyone looking for a GREAT VALUE HDTV !!!!Excellent TV for the price.
I bought this as a gift for my oldest daughter and she loves it. I would rec. this as a great additional t.v.Great Picture, great television
This tv exceeds my expectation. I hooked this up to a ps3 and it does everything a $350 tv does.
No issues with screen, display,set up nor remote,buttons glow in the dark.
Also connected a pc and pic is just superb.Great product for low price
No cons, all pros. I was very surprised at the quality of the picture, sound and ease of set up. The options to the sound and picture in the settings were many. There are also other settings (connecting to PC, DVD, flash drive, audio receiver, etc.). For the money, I am VERY pleased with the Sceptre. I will definitely recommend to my friends.Great HDTV !!
I love my purchase. I go to sleep every night listening , Pandora. I watch Movies on Netflix.
I can check emails and so much more. Iabsolutely love the sound and pictureAwesome TV
This Sceptre TV was the best priced 32 inch TV I could find for Christmas.Thank you, WALMART for the email notification! It was extremely easy to install the stand and even included the screwdriver! The picture and sound quality are excellent. Of course, I have only used it for a few days but so far, it's a keeper!Money Well Spent!
I bought this television for my daughters' room and it was perfect. The sound and quality image is really good; I will definitely recommend this product.Great TV
This tv has a slim design and picture looks very good, for the price I paid.Nice quality picture for the price.
Much better picture quality than expected. The sound quality is much better than my Panasonic that cost much more. I like the swivel.I would consider buying another Sceptre.
I bought this to replace and older style tv and could not be happier.
It has all the features you need, but at half the cost as other models.
Assembly of the base and hookup to cable box and dvd player were
REALLY simplified.
It has a great picture and great sound, plus comes with a 1-year warranty.
For the price, it is really a good deal.Great tv for the money...
Just a great TVGreat Buy
Most flat screens have bad sound, because of there small speakers. This set is different do to a trick they use. The reason I bought it was because the ease of connecting up an external sound system.
I have had to, a big plus.Great Value with out compmise
We purchased this for our bedroom 2 weeks ago and am so pleased that we took the chance on buying it! Great buy for the price and I would recommend this T.V to anyone! It was very easy set up and the picture/sound quality is better then we expected. We had it shipped to store and it arrived within 3 days of ordering it. The only thing that bothers me a little is that the T.V is on a swivel stand so it seems wobbly to me. We have not found it to be a problem though!Better then expected!
I use over the air tv and this tv has the onscreen guide that allows you to see the current and future programming. This TV is one of the few on the market that still has this option-most just have a info button that tell you what you are currently watching.Great TV with on screen TV guide
I could not believe the quality of this TV. 3 years ago I paid over twice the price for a similar TV. This one is just as good... maybe even better.Great TV for the price
Excellent quality/ value for the money spent. Remote was damaged when I received it.
The manufacturer called me back promptly and are sending me a replacement remote with no hassle. Good customer service.Totally satisfied with this purchase.
Easy hookup to cable. Easily programmed to cable remote for all in one control of tv, without having to use two remotes. Great price. Just what I was looking for.Great TV
Good value, easy set up.Nice TV
Great product...would purchase another...Led tv
Everyone should get one. You'd love it I promise you.I will recommend this product
This was a gift for my newly-married daughter and her husband and his two boys. They love to watch movies and the boys spend a lot of time playing video games. The whole family will get many hours of enjoyment.Great product for the money.
The first one I got was for the family room aka game room. I had an issue there, but I will get to that in a minute.
This TV has such vivid colors! It is so amazing coming from a smaller set to this one! Just an amazing difference! We only had 2 issues with it. One was accomadating it's size because it was bigger with the edges than I had thought (they probably listed that and I didn't look.) I ended up putting it in my room (how tragic, right?) and moving my smaller set to the family room so it would fit the enterainment center. (Defiitely messure twice!)

We liked it so much I orded a second one for a chistmas present for my son. The second problem we had was figuring out how to change the input screen so that we could utilize the PS3 and Xbox360. Of course reading the instructions would have alleviated some of the frustration, but where is the fun in that, right? The last issue we had, had nothing to do with the tv other than that size issue. We had to decide between switching rooms for a game room or buying a new entertainment center? lol Once we got past those issues we were golden!

The best part of this was the online christmas special (Cyber Monday!) price of $188.00 plus tx & shipping. The second one I bought was unfortunately after Cyber Monday, but with the Christmas specials it was still under $215 WITH the 4 yr warranty. We got the warranty because with 3 cats and a teen boy you just never know! *wink I would suggest keeping an eye on the prez day sales. This may be another great buy!!!Love the screen! Loved it so much, I bought two!!
Like others, I was skeptical of this tv because I hadn't heard of Sceptre. Of course, there was a time when Vizio was an untried "I've never heard of that brand" brand, too. I actually bought 2 tvs the week I got this: a 40" Toshiba LED/LCD from ABC Warehouse for 429.00 and this one for my bedroom.

This tv was EXTREMELY easy to set up (and I'm a technically-challenged person; I have never been able to hook up a VCR). The picture is great. The remote is simple and easy to use. A lot of people complain about the sound, which I don't get because this tv's sound is WAY better than the Toshiba downstairs. The Toshiba says "You can change the level all you want. I am outputting sound at the level I want to output. So there". The sound on the Spectre is pretty darn GOOD!

The only complaint I might have is that I do hear a faint buzzing noise (VERY FAINT). I'm not actually sure if this is the dvd player or the tv. It's almost imperceptible.

To sum it, this tv was WELL worth the money. It's still going good over 2 weeks later. Has a very nice, crisp picture. Menus are easy to navigate. Money well spent. Frankly, I like this tv A LOT more than the 40" Toshiba and do wish I had bought the 40" Sceptre (which was cheaper than the Toshiba) for downstairs. Oh well. Live and learn. Next time, I'm buying another Sceptre.Great deal on never-heard-of-before brand
This is my second purchase of this TV. Have them in 2 bedrooms. You can't beat the price and quality of this set. I got a item has shipped email Thursday morning and the TV was delivered Thursday afternoon. 4 days early. Amazing.!Great Value. Lightning Fast Delivery.
Kid's tv.Perfect for it's purpose of entertainment for the
Gifted this and the recipient lis very pleased with it ...in his opinion the sound could be better but he considers the overall quality good.Nice for the Price
My husband and I bought this for our 12 year old daughters room and it is well worth the price. It suprised me when I saw how clear the picture was and the sound quality is real good as well. Overall it is an excellent buy for the price.Great for Bedroom
We needed to purchase a new TV for my daughters bedroom. This TV has great picture quality and was the best value around. After searching online for two weeks, I determined this one to be the best value which also included free shipping. Arrived within days. Very satisfied.Great TV
I bought this TV for the spare bedroom, it was easy to set up and the sound and picture are great. Excellent buy!Awesome Picture Quality
It is a good tv for the price . The sound is the sound u get w/these new flat screen TV's. Picture great.Easy to hook up
Got within 48 hours of order. Fantastic product thus far.Fastest Shipping Ever
ez set up
picture is great
delivery was sooo fast
we love it
cant say anything negitivewhat a deal!!!
I read a lot of reviews on this TV and the few negative ones comes no where near describing the experience that we have had. This is a great TV for the price and better then some I look at that was more expensive,perfect bedroom TV the sound is very good and the picture is fantastic. I almost always purchase the extended warranty on a brand I'm not familiar with. One of the reviews said to use codes for Sony to help program the cable remote and they were correct. All in all we are very happy with this TV and would buy the same brand again it the need arises.Great TV
Great choice of Televisions.Granddaughter Surprise
Excellent picture on HD. Fits my needs for use in my home office. It also has the capability to be used as a computer monitor.Great price, good value.
I bought this television as a monitor for my new desktop computer and connected it with an HDMI cable. So far it is working great and when the kids have the big television, I can still watch netflix on the computer. Seems like a great price for a pretty decent television/monitor.So far, so good
This unit replaced a dinosaur tv and so is a fabulous upgrade as an office set. The picture quality is good and remote is easy to use.Great set for the money!
It was wonderfulGreat tv
I bought this television for my son's birthday. He likes to game and watch movies and I needed something to fit that bill in a semi high def version. It's 720p and not 1080p but still has a great picture for the price. Walmart delivered it in lighting speed and it arrived just in time.Very nice television for the price
Excellent ---Much better than my 26 inch Vizio which I paid $300 for three years ago.
The features and many adjustments and settings make this a premium TV.A steal at $189
I have had it 3 weeks, shipped to my home with only 1 small gouge in the box. It shipped in it's original box so it is plan to see whats in it which helped in it's handling. It's HD pic is awesome but it's sound needs help, I added speakers and a woofer, easy set up with more than enough connection features. Excellent value plus free shipping!Pleased!
this tv is a perfect fit for my room,and I love it, thanks WalMartgreat tv for my bedroom, perfect size.
Bright, sharp picture. Lots of ports to plug it in. Was ready to use out of the box in 15 minutes. The only downside is that its mounting holes were neither VESA 75 or 100 standard separation. I had planned on using a mount that previously held a 24" computer monitor and the mounts won't fit, even though the mount will hold both the size and weight of the TV. It is very difficult to find a desk mount for anything other than 75 or 100 and I did not want to put holes in the wall.Great, basic LED TV
Husband and I wanted a cheap TV to put in our bedroom. It works perfect and is exactly what we were looking for quality-wise and value-wise.Perfect
Great item fast shippinggreat purchase
Love the tv.A good price for a good TV
I needed a new tv when my old one went out. This one was delivered faster than expected and works perfectly. Great deal!great tv for the price
My son and I love it. The picture qualitywill pretty good. I will buy another.I got my money worth
Bought 2 sets...so far I am very satisfied... great picture.& easy setup, worth the money !Great Buy !
Very impressed, very nice and good picture, and great priceSceptre 32"
This small TV is excellent in quality and just the perfect size for me. Cannot beat this price anywhere.perfect small TV
NOT USED TO THE THIN STYLE OF THE TV. MY OLD ONE I COULD SET THINGS ON TOP OF IT. OTHER WISE WAS OK.GOT A GOOD PICTURE
This is a great TV with an amazing picture for the price.Amazing picture
Great, inexpensive TV, sound and picture quality a not the best, but good enough for what it's worth.Great little TV for almost nothing.
This is the second Sceptre 32" TV I have purchased, and probably not the last. The image is perfect, sound crystal clear and the set up is a snap. Why pay more for one of those "name brands" when you can get quality for so much less?Can't beat the price or the picture!
Very happy with purchaseGreat picture
AWesome i love this tv and the price is great as well , just perfectawesomeeeee
TV is very light weight, picture is excellent, crystal clear, can't beat the value for the price. Only have owned for 1 month. Highly recommend this TV.Excellent value, great TV.
Looks good at first will have to wait to see how they lastwill.have to wait till.been.in use for a.while
This tv is wonderful all I expected and moreGreat tv
Great value for the money. Would recommend it to others.Great value for the money
Great TV for the price. Easy to set up and I like the swivel stand feature.Great TV for the Price
Works for what I needed it for spare bedroom......Great
I have only had this tv for 2 weeks but I am completely satisfied. Picture is excellent and the sound is great.excellent tv for the money
Sleek and Light. Table stand was included in the box and was easy to put together (even though the online description said no stand/mount was included; but I figured they had to mean "wall mount" since in the picture the TV obviously was sitting on some sort of stand). Purchased on Black Friday online and was very pleased with the price. Product arrived 2 days earlier than expected so that was an added bonus - thank you Walmart.Sleek and Light
So far so good with this TV! the only thing is that sound is not very loud but we have a SONY with the same issue.Good Deal
sound quality not so good as I have it mounted the the wall but a sound bar solved that problem the power cord could be longer other then that overall a good value. I would buy another one and shipping was fast 1 week early.excellent value for the price
Affordable, clear picture, very light, what more can u ask for...thnxAwesome tv
This is the third Tv of this brand we have purchased. Great Tv for the price.Great TV
Excellent TV for the priceExcellent for the price
I purchased 3 of these t.v's about a year ago and I am very satisfied.The picture is as good as a vizio I purchased 3 years ago and only about half the price.You can't go wrong with this T.VGreat T.V
I am very pleased with my new tv. It was easy to set up and lightweight. It is the perfect size for a small apartment.Great tv for apartment living.
Color is great, sound is good, I am very pleased with this tv. Price was right and the shipping was very fast.Nice HDTV
I bought this for a guest bedroom. Great price... Delivery was excellent. Easy set up and great picture. Sound is great for a bedroom. Very pleased.Great!!
this is a great TV sound quility is great and the color is so much better than my old TV.got a good deal for it!!!
Excellent picture and sound.Excellent picture and sound.
Very happy with this TV, easy to put together, great picture and best of all a great priceExcellent TV
This is a good TV with a great price. Shipment was sooner than I expected. Will definitely order from WalMart again.Great service from Wal Mart
First flat screenNice size
Bought this TV for our "man cave" on Black Friday for a great deal. Super happy with it!Couldn't find a better deal!
I bought this TV as a bedroom TV. This TV gives a great, clear picture and sound. I can plug in a USB drive and view pictures, etc. on the screen. I can plug in an HDMI cable and watch movies through my laptop. It says this TV can be used as a computer monitor. I was a little leary of buying it, as I had never heard of this brand, but it was on sale so I bought it. I am not sorry. It is a great TV and fulfills all our expectations.Great Tv.
great tv.great for my son.
So far the tv is excellent. sound quality good. i am satisfiedGreat LED
arrived at store before date promised. only had tv for week. sound quality good. very happy with purchase. only downside to the remote is that the sleep timer button is separate than main menu so sleep timer option is not assessable via dish network remote. For $179 32'' tv I'll learn to live with it!!!!!great bedroom tv
Great TV for the price and quality.Flat screen TV
The tv works great. I set it up in my bed room so my wife could watch tv. She loves it.great tv
I love my new TV. I though I would have to get rid of m entertainment center, but I put the TV on top of it and it worked out just fine. I had a 19" and went to a 32". Big difference. I'm so glad I got it. I ordered it on black Friday and it took a while, but it was worth the wait.Excellent
My Sceptre HDTV is working out great.
I got an all in one package, so many options to have with this model,
I can use this tv as computer motitor.
Access for electronic media,
entertainment access for games,surround sound and more.
Great Buy!
Loving It!Great price, great quality for price
It is a Christmas PresentSceptre 32 Inch Television
Great valueEasy setup
This TV has a excellent picture, sound quality and all the outlets needed to hook up your dvd, computer, game system and much more. I purchased this tv for my commercial office building and it has a great picture. It shipped on time and the store had everything ready for me when I arrived. I would recommend this to everyone.Great TV with many options
This is a great tv at a great price. We are totally satisfied and would definitely recommend to anyone looking for a tv.Great TV
I love my new Sceptre TVGreat TV for the bargain price
It was easy to set up and view.Good picture
The color on the Sceptre HDTV is better than some of my more expensive HDTVsFantastic HDTV for the money.
great television real happy with itgreat television
So far it is fine. Bought it as an upgrade, as the tv it replaced was a non-HD. Picture is fine, being crisper than the old analog tv. Sound is clear with no odd noises. It's a great way to go if you have never owned an HD tv.Decent unit with good value
Like itGreat Flatscreen it was time for another one
Better than expected. Only had it for two weeks but so far works great.Good tv
the pictures on all channels are bright and clear . could not find no better 32 inch tv. Thanks waL-MART.A great tv
This was a Christmas gift for my mom and her boyfriend, so we were looking for something that wouldnt break our wallet. The online deal was perfect, so we ordered it with the extended protection plan. The item came straight to my selected store before they told me it would, and I didnt even need to wait in line to get it. The box was a little dinged, but nothing you wouldnt expect from shipping so I was fine with that.

Once the TV was hooked up, we were even more impressed. With it being an off-brand and not a name brand, we werent sure about the quality. But the picture quality was great, and the sound was wonderful!! My parents were very impressed, and couldnt believe the difference in the new TV from their old one. Despite the new one technically being 2" smaller, they dont even notice the difference and enjoy it so much more!

I think for the price and the quality of what was gotten, this was a WONDERFUL TV!!!!!!!Excellent TV, especially for the price!
Was looking for a TV for my mom, nothing fancy but one that could give quality at an affordable price, found it!totally satisfied
I bought this TV as a replacement, but when I decided to not replace my original TV in the living room, I put this TV in my bed room. I really am pleased with that decision because the TV is very nice and sleek looking. It makes my room more lively. I turn the volume down to 2 and it is still loud, so that's really awesome to me. I love this new addition to my home's technical side.Very nice additional to my home!
I purchased this TV online on Black Friday. The TV arrived at my front door Monday, three days later. This 32" flat screen was a great value for under $200 including taxes and free shipping. I am amazed at the picture quality and the light weight of the TV. I was able to assemble the stand and connect the wires to my satellite box and DVD player with the easy to follow instructions. I purchased this TV to replace my 27" TV in my bedroom and I am glad I made the decision. It really looks great in my room and I love the way the TV looks at night when the room is dark.Great Buy!!!
I think the picture is awesomeGood
For the price of the TV, after 2 weeks this is an excellent buy.Very pleased.
The t.v. is good picture and quality. It has the ports to plug in gaming systems. Price was great and Wal-mart was quick to ship and kept me informed of every step. Piece of cake!Great t.v. Great price. Great place to buy it from
I ordered this product late thanksgiving night and fed-x delivered it before noon on saturday.This is a great product and I am very happy with .
Love it! Got it at an excellent price! Like the fact that the TV will swivel on it's base so that others that are not directly in front of the TV can also get a good view.

Just wish the sound menu would come with a game option. Certain games have specific sounds either raised or lowered and if they are raised, they blare through the TV, leaving the lowered sounds sounding muffled. To do away with this problem, I turn on my surround speakers and continue playing.

Overall a great buy!Great TV at a great price!
Ordered the TV online at Walmart.com, the ordering process was simple and the TV was delivered to my door in 5 days.
The TV is very simple to setup and use, instructions are very detailed and complete. We were very pleasantly surprised by the number of connections available, HDMI, Component, USB etc.
This TV is an excellent value for the money spent.Great TV for the Price - Excellent Quality
Bought TV for guest room. We are very satisfied with the quality.Great picture.
I love this productGreat for a first flat screen
Bought it for my granddaughter and her family, she loves everything about it. she said the picture quality was just as good as the higher priced ones.Great tv for the price.
I bought this tv for a smaller room and it is perfect! The picture is beautiful and is just the right size.Awesome replacement tv!
Completely satisfied with this TV. Good sound quality and the picture is great. Fantastic price!!!Excellent value!
I was not expecting much because it was affordable however it has fantastic picture and sound quality I am an extremely happy customer.Exceptional value
This TV is perfect for the price. I use it to watch tv, play the wii and watch Netflix. I have no complaints about this one at all. Great picture, sound and look.Great TV for the price
Caught this TV on sale for $169. Amazing price for a 32". Like everything about it so far. Impressed with the amount of sound it puts out. Easy setup.Excellent TV for the price!
Very happy with these tv s for the money. I would buy again if needed.Happy
Great TV for the money. The only issue we have is the sound. The speakers are in the back of the TV instead of the front so you have to really turn it up.Great for the price.
WORKS FINE AND HAS A GOOD PICTURE AND SOUND.JUST AS ADVERTIZED
Purchased this TV for our bedroom. easy to install and instructions were in english.great for our needs
it was easy to install and the sound and picture are great.great TV
Very satisfied with our Sceptre 32". Replaced an 8 year old 27" big heavy 74 lb. TV I could not lift. This is only 25 lb. & beautiful picture & sound. Very satisfied, great price.Excelent price for a Great TV.
great productI would recommend this T V for anyone
Good picture quality. 2 outputs. Sound volume is low.Works well for smaller room.
This is a really nice TV. I absolutely love it! The picture quality Is crisp and clear. The sound is great. A peice to assemble the TV stand was missing from the box I called customer service and they mailed it right away! This is definitely a good buy!SOOoo Surprised!
excellentexcellent
The price is right and the picture is great!So far...so good.
Very happy with TV. Good picture, sound, easy set up, and $179!!Great product.
This is my third Sceptre TV I have bought from Wal Mart online. I love them. I usually buy the 1080p but this time I thought I would try the 720p. at first I wasn't too pleased with the difference . But after I went into the setting on the TV I was surprised. It has a GREAT picture . The Sceptre is a very very good brand. The price is GREAT. This TV has all the features and more that some of the more costly ones. Very easy to set up. Great value. I would recommend this brand to anyone!. I am pleased with the 720p. I have 7 tv's and three are Sceptre's and when I have to replace one of others,, you guessed right I will gladly buy another Sceptre. So if u are in the market don't be afraid to order Wal Mart online only Sceptre.. I even got Free to Home shipping.. Can't beat that.32 inch Sceptre TV
Love it better then Sony in picture quality to me. Price was superb for the size.Superior Picture rivals Sony and the price beats
The picture is clear. It was extremely easy to set but it doesn't come with hdmi cord so make sure you purchase one or already have one! The sound is excellent too. I can hear it well enough on 5 when my son is napping and then 15 is plenty loud for other times! Love this tv had it about a week. My cousin bought one for her son after I purchased mineExcellent!
Works great, easy to put togetherlove it
I have had this TV for about 4 weeks now and it works great. I don't think you will find another 32 inch TV for the $189 price I paid.Great TV for the price
I bought 3 at Christmas one for each of my 3 grandchildren (12, 15 and 21 years old) and they were delighted. The boys already had them set up in their rooms and forgot about the rest of the presents to open.Excellent for the price
The Scepter brand is quite fine. All of the features are excellent. Easy to set up and use.Great TV
The colors are amazing, the set-up was easly understood and applied .I like everything about this television.Great television for the price.
I got this tv for my daughter and she happy with it no complaints so far :-)Great buy!
I really needed to upgrade my TV to a bigger screen and this was the perfect bang for your buck. The volume is great, even on 1 it is loud. Great for movie nights!Love it!
We were really pleased with the price we paid for TV. Our daughter needed a replacement tv and the Sceptre 32" is a very good tv and fulfilled her needs.
We ordered this tv online and avoided having to shop the stores. Our only problem was with Fed-Ex, who left the tv in the middle of our driveway rather than leaving on the porch when we weren't home for the delivery.Great TV for the price!
GREAT VALUE - EXCELLENT TV !

only drawback for me is the product booklet - I'm not a "techy" so it is NOT written well enough for me to understand easily.

My son helped me set it up.great value
Thinking about buying another one.Picture Quality is excellent
I will recommend this TV to any one. I love the quality that I get from it.I love this TV
I have had this for about 2 weeks and i am very happy. The TV is loud, the picture is great. Its a great tv for watching your favorite show, gaming, watching movies, and everything in between.Great TV for anyone!
Great size, awesome picture and quality sound! Definitely worth the money.Awesome!
We are very satisfied with this tv; it was easy to set up and operate. No problems at all.Great value for the price; very easy to set up.
I am thinking buying a larger screen scepter television, I like. 7've made several recomendations to friends..excellent quality for a minimal price
This set was an excellent choice for my bedroom. It's not too big or too small. It fit on top of my chest of drawers eliminating the need for a television stand. The picture quality is greater than I expected for this brand. The max volume could be a little louder if it were going to be used as the main tv set but it is ok for the bedroom.Excellent choice for bedroom.
Ordered this tv online b/c my tv went out bought it b/c of the price got it two days before it said was going to be delivered witch is always good. got it hooked up to everything easy to set up and I love it . this is a great tv for the priceGreat tv for great price
If this thing has lasting power (we've only had it about a month) I'd highly recommend it. Turn it on and it's good to go. We've hooked it up to (over air) antenna, PC and now cable box and it performs brilliantly. Self-setting to gorgeous picture and you probably won't need separate speakers for it, unlike most flat-screens (unless you've got surround sound or are real particular).

Love it!So far so good
A good buy for the price.Excellent TV for the price
Great TV for the price. Only con is the speakers. Sounds kind of tinny.
All other features are great. Cheapest TV I can find with a QAM tuner.
My last 32 inch was a Septre and probably my next.Good price, good product.
We just wanted an HD tv for the bedroom and this is perfect. Easy to use, merged right on our remote for our cable and DVR. Couldn't be happier. We did not buy this for our main TV, so I cannot say how it would sound for a main room... but we are very happy with our purchase and the price for a great looking 32" flat screen!Great TV for the price!
We are actually using it for the Wii and Netflix - the children love having their own game center!Good little TV
I bought this for our living room. Very easy to set up. Beautiful picture. Sound is adequate. Great buy for the price. We did buy a warranty for two years.Excellent buy
love itgreat picture
Great picture, average sound. A little short on features, but it is a bedroom TV. It is a great value for what it is.Great TV for the Money
We've only had this tv for about a week, so might be premature for a review, but so far we love it!So far Great!
great tv for the price likes: VGA portnice
I bought this tv for my bedroom. It very was very easy to set up. I bought this tv because of the price and I have to say I'm pleased with my purchase. The picture quality and the sound are great.Pretty good for the price
Love it works great but wish volume was louder.very good
I couldn't believe the picture quality for a TV at this price. It is as good as my Samsung and better than my Visio. The only drawback - and it's no big deal - is that the sound is just a tad on the tinty side. It does have the audio outputs needed if I decide to purchase a soundbar in the future. But for me, the picture quality is the most important thing and this TV's picture is as good as it gets.Fabulous Picture
My TV arrived extra early, which was great. I use it in my gym at home. The picture is great, the sound would be greater if my gym room construction was completed I'm sure. Good buy for the money.Good buy for the money!
I was pleasantly surprised with the picture and overall quality of this TV. Set up was very easy and the 3 HDMI ports made hooking up my Satellite DVR, DVD and ROKU a snap. The other connectors enabled me to add my stereo system to give me surround sound. The TV sound is good, but you may have to adjust the settings to get a good sound. I would definitely recommend to a friend.Great TV
Picture is clear, sharp. Light weight, slim and can be swiveled left or right on supplied stand. Perfect for bedroom or extra TV is apt or house. I recommend it.My experience has been trouble free
Nice tv for bedroomGreat
I am very happy with the TV.Great TV for the money
This TV is actually better than i expected. Its now two years old and still works Just fine! The sound and picture is great! I love how it turns off automatically after no activity!Great Loud TV
I bought this TV last week. I ordered online, it said I could pick up at store in five days and it did deliver on time. I was a really nice TV which fits my room. I like it very much! Worth investment!recommend
was purchased for my mom for Christmas - it is perfectlove it
THIS IS REALLY A NICE TV . GOOD PICTURE, SOUNDS GOOD AND GREAT PRICE.I'VE ONLY HAD IT ABOUT 3 WEEKS BUT I'M REALLY ENJOYING IT.PERFECT
goodgood buy for the money
I love it and it met my expectations. Great for its price!Great for the price!!!
Fast shipping, EZ set up, Great Picture and color, a keeper.Great TV
This TV met all my expectations. I purchased it to use in my new sunroom. However, when it arrived, I decided to use an old TV in my sunroom since this flat screen was much too nice. The picture, sound, and elegant quality of this 32" SCEPTRE is unbelievable. I decided to keep it in my bedroom instead. It is very lightweight and can easily be carried from room to room if necessary. I have decided to purchase another one while the price is so low. I have recommend it all my friends and relatives.Met All Expectations
we own 2 of these tv's. picture and sound is high quality.great tv and great price
Arrived in a timely manner. Easy to assemble. Great value for the money.Good Deal
Great TV for its sale price!Awesome!
Thank you.Very good.
This TV exceeded my expectations!excellent for the money
Wonderful gift for my teen daughter...great tv...
Great tv for the price.Great tv for the price.
Took the risk with this one as I've never owned this brand, but I must say I'm more than pleased. This is extremely good quality and a more-than-reasonable price. High recommended to all!Excellent monitor / TV
I'm very happy with the tv for a great priceSetup was really easy
prefect TV for my use at a great price!Great Tv for price
great for the moneygreat for the money
This is the second one I bought. The first was for me, the second was for my girlfriend's grandson.Good for the money
Great product! Bought this for my granddaughter at school. Loves it also have a son who owns two of thios brand and has never had a bit of troble with either one,great
I'm very happy with this product so far. Well worth the money.excellent product for the price I paid.
Is a good produc.The TV IS GOOD.
We upgraded the kids rooms with flat screens from the old tube & box televisions for Christmas this year and didn't want to break the bank. We opted for these sets as they fit the size and price point we liked. Seem to work well, teenage sons are happy.Does the job
Excellent price for the brand. Great resolution and performance.32" LED TV
Bought to help my husband pass the time while in rehab from a broken hip. He likes it. The picture is pretty good and will make a nice addition to our guest room when he comes home. I think that for the money, it's an excellent buy.Perfect for the purpose
TV is great, ordering was easy and the delivery was fast! Thank you Wal Mart!!Great
i was really surprised at the quality of this brand...all hook ups was easy...i really did not like the concept of putting the stand on this product,but the company supplied everything required. directions was very easy to follow,this product looks great as a computer moniter.sweet tv
works better than the Philips that I had before.Came in half the time it was supposed to ,was easy to set up, and has better pictures and sound than my other nonen did, and it cost me 3 times as much when bought 6 months ago before my grandson destroyed it.A-1 as far as I am concerned ,great value
Good Tv for the PriceGood Tv for the Price
bought for my daughters room works great.Great buy.
great tv great pricegreat
This tv is very bright and clear even for the price it has a much better picture the my more expensive tvVery nice tv
Really nice picture and sound. We were very pleased. Good ValueGreat value for a smaller tv
The TV tuner didn't really work for me (at least in my bedroom in NYC) but I was able to connect my Leaf Plus and was able to get all the basic channels without issues. 3 HDMI's is great as most TV's in this price range only have 2 inputs. It works well with my Google Chromecast and Apple TV. Although it's 720p - you can't really tell the difference since the TV is small. Overall, great product for less than 200USD. I've read some reviews that this unit wouldn't last more than 10-12 months. I've only had it for 1.5 months so it's hard to gauge. With this price - it makes sense to replace it every other year.Decent Bedroom TV for excellent price
easy set up
great picture
on time in store deliveryNice flatscreen for under $200
The tv I purchased was a good quality tv. It had great sound and loved the featuresGift
Great value for the price. Highly recommended!!Bang for the buck!!
For the price, this is a GREAT flatscreen TV!!NEW FLATSCREEN!
What a deal. What a good product!best deal ever!
I use this stand for my kids room and it works perfectly. I put it together all by myself in like 30mins.great stand
Had for a little over a week no problem so far arrived before estamated arrivalGreat so far
For a 32 inch Led Tv with 720p, this is a really good deal. The picture quality might not be as good as a 1080p tv, but it still gives out good picture quality. Installation was easy and the overall feature is excellent.Great Buy
It looks great, and sounds greater, the price was just right!still cant belive the quality
I thought this is the way to buy what seemed to be a black Friday deal! The product was worth the price and I'm enjoying it as we speak!This was worth the price! Thanks Walmart!
I love that the screen is true to size, giving you more to see.Great picture
I enjoy using my new tvGreat pictures
I own a Sceptre 40 in and both are great.Great TV
An unfamiliar brand, but an unbeatable price. It is very slim and has decent picture quality. Sound is a little small, have to turn it up to mid forties in volume to really hear it. However, that is the way most these flat screens are designed, with the picture in mind and very little effort given to sound. Would recommend getting a sound bar or some type of extra speakers with this TV.Worth the price
My previous TV was quite old and needed a whole mess of wires to watch anything. It ended up being only about $50 to get a new TV than to mess around with the old one, so that's what I did. The initial set-up was very straight-forward. I love that the TV is able to rotate about 40 degrees to the left and right, so I can still watch shows while I'm cooking in the kitchen. I don't know a whole lot about the technical aspects of TVs, but the picture quality appears quite sharp, and the sound is top-notch. It looks like it has the ability to go up to about 50 notches in volume, but I've never needed it above 10. For a 32" TV, this one's a good value, thus far, for the cost.Great value for the price.
My 90 year old Mother-in-Law had been watching TV on a 17" old TV set that her daughter had found. It had a converter, but did not work well. Now she is very happy.Mother In Law Verry Happy!
Love my TV great price great qualitylove it!!!
Pretty good so farlove the price
So far it is working great.happy customer
It's not 1080p, but you don't really need that for most things. The picture is a bit crisper than my old HDTV and the sound is better. It also has quite a few ways to change up the sound that I enjoy. It's good for its price definitely.Good product for the price.
I bought this to use as a PC monitor for my 91 yr old dad who's eyesight is failing. It works fine for that and he can see it.Good tv, good price
I bought this for my son's room for video game play and it it works and looks great. He liked it so much, he suggested I get the same TV for his brother, so I did.This is actually the second time I have purchased
I have other name brand TV's and this one I like better...great picture!great TVv for the money
Love itGreat Television
No complaints at all,if you need a tv get this one.Worth every penny spent!!!!
very good tv it works real well and the look was is very goodvery nice tv
Very good quality. I purchased this for my room and the quality is awesome specially for the $ spent. I am so glad I purchased this TV$ well spent
I Love this TV I should've bought two of them.Love It
When I first saw this TV I was a little skeptical of the quality. The picture is amazing and crystal clear and the sound quality is very impressive. This TV is a great deal.Beautiful Picture
As described, easy to assemble, super light weight, good pictureTV 32 inch
So far tv is great. Shows great qualityGreat TV
I ordered this tv online from wallmart it was delivered the next day in perfect shape i followed the instructions for setup and the tv works perfect i am glad that i bought it good deal !good deal
Have had for about a week. very easy set up and install. Sound is surprisingly good. Better than my other older Sony model in fact! I hope it lasts because I've read the other reviews and wonder about longevity.....pleasantly surprised
Very happy with this TV!, the quality is great!!!....I would defiantly recommend this TV!!!Great TV at low cost
I bought this TV for my mother-in-law and she was very surprised when it arrived at her apartment a few days (about three) after I bought it on-line, since she had no clue it was for her. So far she is VERY happy with it. Great picture and sound.Can't beat the price!!!
product is light,little assembly, has great picture for 720p, easy cable box hook-up. this product also has enough ports for dvd,game console etc. also on screen menu has great chooses for sound, picture and screen size.for the price and quality,brand name ,great buy.
Great TV for the price. I bought it for my son's room. He loves it because it's a bigger screen than he had before. Likes to watch Blue Ray movies and gaming on his Playstation.Great TV for a bedroom!
Very nice value awesome TV. Good clear picture!Awesome TV
The product was great, the price was great and shipping was fast but it was shipped in just the tv box and left outside my front door so anyone passing by could see what it was. Wasn't happy about that but otherwise wonderful purchase!Great product, not happy with shipping
Great TV for the price exactly what I was looking!Great TV for the price exactly what I was looking!
This television is awesome! I was scared to purchase it due to the brand name and some of the reviews. I'm so glad I did though! Everything is great. The features, picture and sound! The sound is not bad at all. People will try to find anything to complain about! Buy it! you won't go wrongAwesome!
My daughter really enjoy her gift and is very happy.Great gift for my daughter
I bought two of these to replace aging tube units in the spare bedrooms. The picture quality is good, sharp and clear, however the total image is just a tad below my more expensive unit, which cost 2x as much in my master bedroom. The sound is good and the inputs are more than enough for me as only needing video in and channel 3. I have only had 1 month so far but the
tvs have lived up to my needs and if they prove reliable, a great bargain for the price on sale.
If I can catch another sale, I would like to get one for my workshop.Good bang for the buck.
Does what any other LED TV does, picture is clear and crisp, sound is okay. For the money, you can't beat this, purchased during black Friday sale.Excellent television for the price
Great TV.Picture quality,sounds and other features are perfect.Great TV Good Quality.
Got this TV online ...it has a beautiful picture. Good sound quality.and the price was right. It had all the portals to hook up an audio surround system several hdmi portals and a bunch more. I just love it . It's got the best tv picture in our home.Beautiful picture
I had bought another TV from Target, a few weeks prior and I hated the picture and sound was even worse plus it had a QAM and not a Clear QAM Tuner, which made it impossible to get any OTA digital channels or HDTV. I returned that TV and looked on Wal-mart .com and found this TV. I have been researching TV's for a while and finally ordered this one. Very happy with my purchase, so far so good. The picture is excellent and I bought an RCA Soundbar and it works perfectly and fits right into the TV like it was made for it. If your looking for a decent TV, especially for your bedroom, then look no further.Great price and the picture is amazing!
I'M HAPPY WITH IT. I CAN SEE CLEARLY NOW, THE DARKNESS IS GONE. IT IS LOUD ENOUGH. MY SON AND MY NEPHEW LOVE IT. GREAT PRICE. THE BEST PART IT SAID I WOULD HAVE TO WAIT 2 WKS, AND IT CAME IN 2 DAYS, YES !!!GO SCEPTRE GO !!!
This is our fourth sceptre television and so far it seems to be the same excellent product as the others we have purchasedGreat tv from a great company
I am glad I brought this product.Worth the price
This is my 6th HDTV and they just keep getting better. Good value for a brand that surpassed my expectations. I use this TV in a bedroom only for HD cable television @ 1080i. I put the base together, plugged it in and connected the HDMI from the CenturyLink Prism box. That was it, the CenturyLink remote was automatically in sink with the TV. Awesome crisp picture with good sound. I would purchase again.Very nice TV
Upon arrival I set up TV and noticed a hair embedded in the screen contacted customer service they sent me a new one right away resolved the problem and gave me a printable voucher the ship the old one back no charge I love this TV it is my bedroom TV and much better than the old dinosaur.Pretty Good
SCEPTRE X322BV-HDR 32" LED Class 720P HDTV arrived quickly and the TV was above expectations for quality and use. Even had it's own stand. Great price!

Easy to set up.

Fit well in room and very smart looking.Terrific TV - Price was great!
We couldn't be any happier with our tv. We bought it for our workout/game room and it's been nice and enjoyable. No issues whatsoever. Good buy.Great
I was a little afraid to purchase this TV, because I had never heard of Spectre.
That concern melted as soon as I opened the box.
I could see the quality in the unit, packing material, installation tool. Wow!
So if you're concerned about this brand, get over it.
The picture is great, the sound and other features can be adjusted as you like, and everything about this Tv is nice! I watch tv and use a computer on this unit, and i can switch back and forth very easily.
Set up is easy, and the tv is even on a slightly swivel base... handy.
I really like this set, and I will quickly buy other products made by this company.
Computer mode is an experience, and I'm even enjoying watching tv more!Little known brand- high quality
Nice for the price.Great HDTV
TV exceeded expectations being a great value for the money ... picture quality is excellent and set up was easy ... various features that I didn't expect .... overall this product more than met my expectations so far & with the 3 year protection plan should add to my TV enjoyment knowing that if something does go wrong, I'm covered.TV exceeded my expectations, great value
I am enjoying this TV. It is great for the price and seems to be working just fine.Great for the price
Good picturenice
Very well engineered. They thought of everything. Great picture and sound and packaged well.Best bang for the buck out there
You don't have to spend a lot of money to enjoy a good quality television set. And this Sceptre 32 inch tv set proves that. Yes I was somewhat skeptical at first, but after making the purchase, setting it up (which was very easy using the instructions) and noticing the picture and sound quality, I truly was very impressed. The HDMI on this LED screen, is very sharp an vivid, and the sound is really pleasant to listen to. I would recommend this set to anyone..I would reccomend this sceptre tv to anyone.
What a difference than my old CRT TV!! Looks great in my bedroom and was so easy to put together!My upgraded TV
I wondered when I saw the price if this was going to be worth it. It is. I am a 52-year vet of the television industry so I had had my worries. But they were for naught. The TV is great.
The purchase experience (not my first with walmart.com) was very good, too. The purchase time was short. The shipment time was much shorter than expected. The pickup experience was quick as well.
So in all it was a very good experience and we are now enjoying our television.Excellent buy
This is my second one i purchased. I love spectre TV's.excellent TV
Can't get a better pruduct for the price.Super for the price
nice tv overallworth more than the price
Great price, great picture, and easy to set up.Fabulous
We purchased this TV to replace a smaller one in our bedroom. So far it has been great. The picture and sound quality are good. I like the fact that it has three HDMI ports so we can do alot with it. So far it has been an awesome TV for the price.Works well for my needs
It shows graeat and every feature work AWESOME :)The Tv was bigger than i EXPECTED.!!!!!
I purchased this tv for my sons room, so that he can play his video game in it. He hd a 20 inch which was just too small. No problems with it at this point . I have had since February. I would recommend it!Good product good value
I am VERY happy with my LCD tv. The value is greatk for the 30" size. I'd buy another Sceptre product in the future.A FANTASTIC TV
good for what we needednice tv
This is the 2nd one I have bought. Great TV at a great price.Great Value
Very nice television. Definitely exceeds my expectations. I have never owned a Sceptre brand, but after reviewing the reviews decided to order it. Certainly was a good buy.Great Buy!
Nice TV for the price.Nice TV for the price.
On a budget needed a nice tv and this is just what i needed
Great product for a great price
Fast delivery easy pickup
Everything includedBudget blessing
bought for sister in nursing home I haven't seen it yet but she is very happy with itsisier thimks its great
Ordered the TV online from Walmart.com and received it two days earlier than they said. It was packaged very well, the instructions were very clear and easy to understand. I actually set it up myself. Very pleased with the picture, and the price was what got my attention. Very good value for the money.Bargain of the Season
Works great! it is only used as an extra TV so it doesn't get a lot of use. When we have watched it everything was top notch. Maybe you might want to invest in the extra speaker they offer for an extra $99. if you are using it in a larger room, but in our small bedroom it is just fine.Good value, good fit
This is my third tv and the are great for bedrooms. All work fine and a great priceGood tv for bedroom
So far so good!Great value!
The time between order and delivery was very fast. The television itself has a good picture and sound and we are very happy with it so far. I would not hesitate to order again from Wal Mart.Good price and great product
FantasticVery sharp picture and easy to set up.
I and my girl both love this T.V. I would recommend anyone to get one.Great t.v. for the price.
Very happy with my purchaseeasy to set up
So far so good. We have only had this TV for a couple of weeks and we love it. It looks great in our bedroom; not too big and not too small. Picture quality and sound quality are great. It is mainly used for the Playstation and everything looks and works good with that system.Great TV for the price.
Very good bedroom or secondary TV. Highly recommend it. Picture quality not the highest but the price is a winner. A bargain in my opinion.Good Flat Screen for the price
Would buy it againmoney. well spend
have only had it a week, but picture quality is great.great picture
Great deal...Very good quality...great priceGood price
Looooove this TV. it's great. Pic quality = AMAZE!! buying another one.cute and awesome!!!
Surprised it has a great picture. Bought one for my son last year, so I decided to get one for my daughter to replace her small flat screen.Great TV
It works great. I don't have cable so I had to buy an antenna. The picture is beautiful. I'm satisfied.Awesome.
Did not think it would be this nice, picture Quality very real.believe or not love at first sight. very good purchase.love the remote control even.excellent buy
Great TV love it if I need another would order it againGreat TV
The TV was a gift.A Gift
GREAT BUY. GLAD I SAW IT.great buy
This is my second Sceptre TV in my home and they are excellent! Very fast shipping! Ordered on cyber Monday and got it Thursday morning (was due to be delivered Wednesday but was delayed due to a storm)Great tv!
Great find, reasonably priced, sleek look, excellent picture quality and great sound. Definitely worth the price.Great Find!
HAVE NOT HAD ANY PROBLEMS YET. GREAT FOR WATCHING NASCARGREAT TV FOR THE PRICE
using in my office to watch tv while on PC. can be used as a monitor too. 3 HDMI fits all my needs. cannot beat the value!Good Bang for the buck $$
I purchased this 32" Sceptre for my bedroom after reading many positive reviews. With a cost of nearly $100 less than anything in its class, I decided it was worth the gamble. Shipping was free, and arrived in 4 days. Setup was easy, and was able to use my existing wall mount (400mm x 200mm) from my old 26" tv. Sound quality leaves a bit to be desired, but picture is absolutely beautiful! I added a $25 2.1 computer sound system with sub-woofer, plugged it into the headphone jack, and now have quality sound. I highly recommend this tv!An absolute bargain!
Love the tvLove it
Bought this for the kids room. Very good picture and very easy setup. If it's reliable it will be well worth the $179 i paid for it. Has exceeded my expectations so far!Very nice!!
Bought it for my brother. He loves here.Great
Great television, excellent picture, good valueGreat tv, excellent picture
Nice TV for the money Beautiful picture quality. The sound is a little low but I added speakers to the TV and that was that.Decent Television I Like it...
It seemed fine to me but I gave it away so really don't know much.Nice TV for my granddaughter at school
Works as expected.Great purchase!
Brought this TV about 2 week ago, looks and sounds great, I have not connect my dvd player to it yet, I have to purchase the colored cords , but all in all I would highly recommend this product.Great TV for the price
the t v is great and the delivery was one day sonerI am very happy with the T V and the delivery was
I bought the first 50" scepter on Cyber Monday and was so happy with it I went back and bought a 32" for the bed room. I have not negative comments about this tv. It was just what we wanted. WalMart gave accurate details in the description. I also bought a roku stick and am enjoying it.This is my second sceptre.
Bought this as a Christmas gift. Works perfectly. My so loves it.great
A great TV at a great price.
Thank you.Super TV for the price.
The ease of ordering on line and in store pick up in another state was awesome. It allowed me to pick a great TV for the grandkidsHappy Grandkids
Like the TV for the price bought for my kitchen and now for an apt. The only thing is that the sound is not very good because the speakers are in the back of the TV and you always feel like you have to turn up volume to hear.Second time buying
Nice flat screen tv. ... Loving itBig Picture
We got this TV after Christmas for my daughter's apartment. It was on sale for $180 with free shipping. The color and sound are excellent, and it gets all her digital cable channels. It was one of Walmart's best selling TVs over Christmas 2013 and I didn't find any complaints related to it.

She loves it!Excellent 32" LED TV
I was so impressed by the picture on the Sceptre 42" tv, I purchased a 32" Sceptre when I needed another tv. They are a good value and I would recommend Sceptre to my family and friends.Great Picture!
Color is great, and for the for price can't go wrong. beautiful picture. Sound could be
a bit higher. But all in all who needs big name products when you can get off brand that does very well. KUDOS to Walmart for this product.great product,
Good tv for price.Tv
I've had a 19" Sceptre PC monitor for years, very happy with it. Just got the 32" TV
2 weeks ago, so far so good.....if you are thinking about buying one - go for it!Good Value
Completely satisfied with my new TV. Set up was a breeze and for me that is a plus. They even sent a small screwdriver to attach the base. Picture Quality is as good as some expensive brands I have looked at. Plenty of ports to hook up my DVD player and game machine. It is so nice to have a big TV that I can move by myself!Great TV for the money!
It shows a great picture and works great I wound recommend if to my friends thank you .I like very much.
Great picture and sound for a reasonable price!Great tv at a low price
We bought this TV for our master bedroom to replace our tiny 19" and I've got to tell you it is great. I research EVERYTHING before I buy something and read a whole bunch of reviews here regarding this TV. The first thing that you have to realize when reading reviews is to review the product - not Walmart or the dockworker, shipping company or how the weather is. The bottom line is this TV has a great picture and the sound is perfect. The sound was my big shopping/selection issue because we run a ceiling fan and an oscillating fan every night and we needed enough volume so it wouldn't be drowned out by the fans. This TV has it. Can't beat the price and has all of the input/output plugs that you will require. I run it using OTA antenna and get as good of picture as the very expensive Samsung in our family room.You just can't go wrong buying tis TV!!
Just as described and at a great price. Couldn't find anything cheaper, locally or on the intenet, with these features (Tuner, 3 HDMI's,etc.). I have had very good experience with SCEPTRE brand before.
The picture and colors are very good when compared to my other 1080p TV which cost a lot more money.
The sound is adequte and maybe a little better than expected for a small room.
Free delivery to Walmart store is a plus eventhough it took nine (9) consecutive days to Miami, Florida.Very Godd TV and Price
I would recommend this TV for anyone. Love it....... EASY, set up and Great picture!
Next best think is the PRICE!!!

thank you
WalmartAWESOME, TV!!
The picture on this HDTV is outstanding for the price, put this in exercise room now just sit there and watch tv. Also very light wieght for it's size. Would highly recommend.Great TV
Great for the price.teevee
works great ,,,nice and clear ...has things onit that i cant wait to check out ......great tv for the priceclear as day
My first high def tv was a Sceptre 32 inch LCD ordered back in August of 2014. Have had no problems with it and the picture is magnificent. THIS LED Sceptre tv is just as beautiful as the first one. I did buy the 4 year warranty for both just in case of problems. For the price and quick delivery, you can't go wrong by buying Sceptre. I have one in the kitchen and the other one in the bedroom. I LOVE them both!Love This TV
I was pleasantly surprised with this tv. I Figured that the picture and sound qualitys would be lacking, they were not. It has an excellent picture and great sound.Great buy
Good priceHelpful product
For the online purchase price this tv is amazing. The quality and HD is off the chain. I do not own a sound system and usually just rely on the sound coming from the tv and through the HDMI connection it is a little under whelming but that is my only concern other then that this is a great buy!!Sceptre LED TV
This was purchased for my father to bring him into the 21st century. He loves it. He is constantly telling me how clear the picture is. This was avaluable purchase for me.Great product for the price
This TV is soooooo Perfect for what I wanted. Can't bet the price either!! Super light weight, easy to move anyway you want it & super easy to figure out the settings... Picture is super clear, I couldn't be more Happy with this TV... Highly recommend it... I even loaned it to my Brother for Super bowl party in his back yard.... Worked out PERFECT!! I use it in my back yard too!!PERFECT
I needed a TV for my bedroom and this was perfect!TV saves the day
Fantastic price, great picture and a sleek design. The TV was wrapped so nicely and all the parts and pieces were in zip lock bags and they even included a small screw driver. The TV is also feather light unlike the old "beast" it replaced.NICE!
We bought this tv in June and now buying another!! It has great color and the pictures clarity is wonderful!!! I would highly recommend this tv especially for the price!Great TV
I would recommend purchasing this TV.Great TV & price
This is the second Sceptre TV we own. We bought the first one for our bedroom and was shocked at how great the picture was! This one is no exception. The picture quality is supberb!! I will never again throw my hard-earned money away by buying one of the more expensive brands. It's Sceptre for me all the way!!Just WOW
Overall good tv for low price. Will buy again in bigger size.cheap and awsome
He loves it !!Grandsons Tv
So far so goodtv
I had never bought something that good for such a good price.high quality product @ a ridiculous price
Well worth the Price, great picture. I am very happy with This TV.Awesome TV
I brought this television for someone. It was the perfect gift, the television works well, it also has a clear picture. It was a great buy especially for the price.Great television
Sound and color are just like the more expensive tv's.Great TV and great price.
I just picked it up today. Easy set up and picture quality is great. People complained about the sound before, but I think the sound quality and levels are really great! I was concerned about buying this without even seeing the picture quality or looking at it in person. I ordered it on-line because I had a very small budget to work with and most things seem cheaper on Walmart.com. I seriously don't foresee changing my mind about this t.v. Quality appears great for the money. And as far as sound goes, I don't have it all the way up and it is louder than my old Memorex that it replaced.Love it so far!
Love the tv...easy to assemble and hook-up...like the swivel base!Great TV for the price!
So far this is the best flat screen tv I have bought. It is so easy to program. The picture is just awesome. I wish I had known about this brand before buying the other 3 that I did. They have since crashed. The remote is so unique. The main buttons one would use in semi-darkness are bright orange. No problem changing channels or volume in bed. The features of the tv are outstanding also. Super good tv.Best out of Four!!
This has been an exceptional television. For the price I paid, I couldn't have found a better deal.Awesome TV
I love my flat screen tv.I Love Walmart
Great picture and sound. Easy set-upLow price, high quality
bought for bedroom; plenty big for that. sound is not bad and features adequate.very good picture.
Purchased this TV for my daughter to watch Netflix thinking it was a mediocre TV. Happily surprised with her picture and color quality. Highly recommend.Great TV for the price!
T.V arrived and worked great out the box.Great Buy
This TV has a great picture. I had to order it on line but it was well worth the wait and you can't beat the clear precise picture.To fine of a deal
picture is very vivid..good price...remote easy to use..all in all a good buynice
I can't say one bad thing about this TV.

A few features even surprised me, because I've not seen them my other TVs before. First, it has a swivel base and can rotate easily left and right. Second, they included a cleaning cloth! Finally, it can set its time and date automatically.

Sceptre is going to give the other brands a real run for their money! They also have a great web site, too.A+ for quality, packaging, features, price
I love itGood
Very light weight and you can attached other devices. The setup was very easy.Great Picture and Features
Walmart exceeded my expectations with this deal.Great deal!
This TV is a steal at this price. Is comparable to brand names that sell for twice as much. However, Fastening the stand requires careful attention to prevent breaking the alignment plastic knobs. Again, I am very pleased with the purchaseGreat for the price
Excellent product well done, no issues with setup very satisfied...Good TV
I ordered this for a bedroom after buying a new home. It arrived while I was at work, and my wife had it up and running before I was home. It has a great picture, and was very easy to set up. I am looking into buy a couple more.Excellent buy!
This was a gift for my granddaughter and when I asked her how does she like it , She said awesome.My granddaughter is in heaven@!!
My 16 yr old loves his tv and really enjoys playing his NBA 2015 on it because of how it shows on an HD tv.Lovely
Works great right out of the box after an easy hook-up! I bought the metal wall mount
to eventually have it on the wall in our spare bedroom. I will be using cement screws so the flat screen never falls down from the wall, or the bracket. Nice color, nice sound, just the right size for the spare room when company comes. I'm very happy with this Sceptre X322BV-HDR 32"LED color flat screen TV. The price is great, & free shipping to boot! Thank you Walmart!Super Deal For a 32" Sceptre Ultra slim HDTV!
Get yours before they are all gone!Outstanding TV - Great Price
This television that was on special for Thursday purchase before black Friday was everything I needed at the VERY BEST PRICE!! Way to go Walmart!!!! Thank you!Worth Going out on Thanksgiving
Simple...for the price this TV is great. Bought it for my son to play his Xbox One and the clarity in the picture is awesome. With multiple HDMI inputs he can play his One and 360.Great product for a great price
This Television's s quality far exceeds it price.. It is easy to set up and the picture quality and sound are excellent.SCEPTRE X322BV-HDR 32" LED Class 720P HDTV with ul
Very satisfied with this TV. Easy hook up.Great picture,Arrived on Schedule.Pleasently Surprised
Purchased this for an extra tv for the grandkids. Thought the price was good...but never dreamed the quality would be as good as it is! Plan on purchasing another one soon to put in the guest room!Excellant Value!
TV has an outstanding picture including HD mode. The remote could have been designed better to switch source.Quality viewing
Great t.v for the price. Would buy another one.Great product
Great TV, I only have problems with the remote control but the TV is great!!!!Fabulous!!!
Good picture quality. Easy to setup. Written instruction is a little hard for nontech person to follow, but this is no different than any other company electronic manual for the tech illiterate person.Good value/
I've had it just over a week, so far so good.Time Will Tell
Beautiful picture. Easy setup.Bright pic
Great Tv For The Price. Awesome Picture!Great Value
This is the second TV that I have purchased by this manufacturer. The first was a 50" for my Dad for Christmas and this one for my self to replace a 19" flat screen that I had. The reviews are worth reading, most of the things written (at least on the positive side) are true. The picture is bright and clear, you have several screen options (Wide, Normal, Cinema, Zoom, etc), you have a few audio options, the menu system is easy to navigate and understand. This is well worth the price.This is a great TV for the price
I purchased 2 of these TV's as Christmas gifts for my sons. I was hesitant because of the low price but my concerns were not necessary. The TV's are very nice. My sons report that they were very easy to set up and both of my sons are very pleased with the quality of the picture.Very Good Buy
Purchased this for my grandmother whom had been using the same 19in. Picture tube TV for 15 years. As you can imagine this was a huge upgrade. As a flat screen owner I can say that this was a great deal. No complaints so far.gift
I love the sound I love The picture shipping was fast ! Can not go wrong with this tvGreat choice @@!!!
From the beginning, I was notified by a computer message. I would order online for large items the next time. For one purchasing online "site to store" was cheaper and another they kept up with my order during the Christmas rush!

Lastly, when they notified me that my TV was there at the store which was 3 days before hand, I was ecstatic. When arrived to the store the employees were so courteous, I was out of the store within 15 minutes. Now that was service in my calculations.

Thank you Walmart!!!!Price and Serrvice
great deal and good price i would defo buy another one...great deal
This TV was so easy to hook up and the picture was incredible. This is a great bargain.Great Deal
I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the picture on this tv. It was purchased with the intent of putting it in my shop. I quickly realized this tv is better than my tv in my bedroom. Quick switch a roo.Shop TV to Bedroom TV
Purchased this as an "extra" TV for my grandson to watch and play games on. Did not have any problems with installation or set up. Picture and sound quality are just fine.Great, inexpensive product
I purchased this for my daughter for her dorm. Easy hook up and great pictureSceptre 32 LED tv
TV works flawlessly, The picture, (set on vivid) produces rich color. The wife and I are very happy with this item, my only criticism is the sound. I can never get it high enough, so I had to buy a sound bar to add onto the TV. Now I get proper volumes in stereo and the soumd mixes properly to my ears at 20ft away. This Sceptre TV not only was a real bargain it's also a nice piece of electronics in a 32" TV.Great TV, Great picture, Good sound.
Only had this TV a few weeks but so far the picture is great, I like the size of the screen and has great featuresGreat TV
I didn't want to spend a lot of money on a TV for our guest bedroom, company is out for 2 weeks. I figured 60Hz would be ok for a 32 in screen. Bigger, I'd want 120 Hz. I was pleasantly surprised of the picture quality, no regrets. Im going to buy another one for my patio!took a chance and I'm pleased with the tv!
I am recommending this to my family and friends. It's reasonable and the picture is clear.Can you see me now?
I was worried about buying an entry level TV but after looking at the ratings this seemed a good choice. So far it has been flawless.Good item. Great price. Nice entry level HD LED TV
I bought this to replace my son's television. It has excellent color and sound. My favorite part is the USB port.Great Quality
I bought this TV to mount on the wall, replacing an old big Magnavox. It works perfectly.sceptre tv
It's the new VizioGreat choice
well first of all, this was purchased for me my some very kind people who wanted to make sure I had a TV to watch for my new place., I gotta say, when i first saw that I was getting a sceptre, I'm like what is a sceptre? Made by Sony, it is a great picture. I don't use the regular speakers, and I'm pretty sure that if I had to, they would be fine for this not too small, not too large tv. So good, in fact, I'm now taking a serious plunge on a sceptre 49 in 4k tv that I got the best black fFriday/cyber Monday deal on! I'll keep you posted....EXCELLENT VALUE!!!! Exceeds expectations
This T.V. is great! Great picture, great sound and easy to set up. I was blown away by the quality of this product.Great T.V. For a great price!
Even with all the great reviews, I was a skeptic right up until I got it all hooked up and after I watched for a few days.
This is a wonderful surprise bargain. It's for my bedroom so after my 19" it feels very luxuriant. Great picture--perfect right out of the box. I had an issue with the closed captioning and could not get it to turn off --so of course I was thinking "see? see? no good!" -- until I finally figured out it was my cable remote that was doing it and that's why the TV remote wouldn't shut it off.

As far as the volume -- as I said, it's a bedroom so it doesn't bother me that it is on the low side. I would think if it's an issue for you, you can get very good inexpensive speakers to plug into the USB port.

One thing I love is that is has THREE HDMI ports whereas my old TV only had one that I used for cable. If I wanted to use my ROKU or my computer I had to unplug. Now I simple change the Source to HDMI 1 2 or 3 and it switches right over.

Love it.This is really great!
This t.v. has an excellent picture and sound, love it and would recommend it to anyone.excellent
Love it. Works great easy to set up.love it
We purchased this tv for my mother's new apartment. It's a great size for the price. The picture and volume are good. Easy set up.Great TV for the price
The boys love this. The picture is great and they can play their games and watch movies with good clarity. Good price, too.Perfect gift for my grandsons for Christmas
Easy to set up!Excellent
Awesome tv for the money! Great picture it's hard to believe it's not 1080hd because it's so clear and the colors are so bright!Great Tv
It is an excellent tv for the money!sceptrific
This is a wonderful TV, it has a good picture and everything, I really like it.Awesome
Good TVvery good tv. would recommend.
great for our bedroom. color is great, sound is good. has all the features of a more expensive tv. we plan to buy another one just like it soon for our other bedroomgreat for a bedroom
This is perfectwonder color and picture
These TV's are ultra light! Good picture, decent features for a tv this low on price point. Too early to rate longetivity.Good TV at a low price point
Got the tv for the guest bedroom with the convent box and dvd player. Everybody loves the tv set up,but the dvd player is a waste of time. ..good TV for the money
T was a bit skeptical when I first bought it because I had not heard of the name, but I thought I would give it a try. I'm so glad that I did. The television has beautiful color and sharp details. It is every bit as good as the high price TV's that I saw. I would definitely recommend this to a friend.Great TV!!
Bought this TV after my son and his friend broke the screen on my 2nd Plasma with a Wii remote. While it's only used for gaming, it has a surprisingly great picture for a low end TV. The sound is lacking as expected from a flat screen which is why I didn't reduce the rating. A quick search on the internet for calibration settings and the picture is near perfect and out performs my older but higher end 32" LCD Samsung. If you're looking for a low budget TV with high quality picture then look no further.Great Value
This is the best purchase I have ever made. My son loves this TV .. the picture quality is the same as my sony TV !!!U WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED !!!
Perfect for the price beatiful picturePerfect
Price was right, installation was easy, audio and video are good.Wielding the Sceptre is Enjoyable
Nice tv clear picture ready setup no complaintstv
I am very happy with it! It is in my bedroom and it does everything I need it to do. I have my DVD player and Chromecast connected to it and I use the sleep so it shuts off after I have fallen asleep. For an inexpensive flat screen 32" TV, it is perfect!Great TV
I purchased this tv for our guestroom where my grandkids play and this tv is everything we could have asked for. It has a great picture and sound. Might buy another one for my office wall.why pay more?
Excellent performance for this price pointGreat TV
3 words...I LOVE IT !3 words
I LOVE this TV! My old tube-type TV was dying & never worked well with cable service. I could not afford much but had to buy a new TV.. So, when I saw this one, it was perfect. I didn't expect much for the price but am THRILLED with it. ~CAME QUICK~ FREE SHIPPING~EASY TO ASSEMBLE to STAND (just mins.)~PICTURE BEAUTIFUL. & there are ALL kinds of outlets for plug ins. Initially, I had the cable wire hooked directly to it....worked beautifully. Later, cable svc came to add a box. ALL IS WELL ~ NOTHING NEGATIVE AGAINST THIS TV at all! 'Highly recommend. With my poor eyesight, I LOVE that I can see everything clearly from a distance. Do NOT hesitate to buy this TV. You'll enjoy it.LOVE THIS TV!
We bought this specifically for our rv, It's light weight and easy to mount. I was looking for a good quality and a great price. I think I achieved both.Big screen for the camper
this is my 2nd sceptre tv, recommend it .bought again
I got this on sale on walmart.com because the price was good and I read a lot of good reviews. I received the box rather quickly and what my husband was even more impressed with was the fact the box came with a screwdriver to put it together and a cleaning cloth for the TV along with everything else that was included in the package. Pretty simple for him to put together in less then 20 minutes and it's a decent size upgrade for us. We are slowly still replacing old TVs with newer flatscreen's so the sale was really a steal for us. We love sales but it also has to be a good product and this really is. I haven't had any issues so far.Just great really great buy
We use it in our RV. It has everything we need. We hook our computer to it to watch movies, video games, ect. The picture is perfect. I check out a lot of TV's before I bought this one. Very happy.This TV is very good and the price is right
The price was right and the functions were just what I needed. 3 HDMI inputs is nice to have. Perfect for my daughters room. Picture quality is above average and all has worked great for the first month. No complaints!Nice TV at a great price!
Great TV for the price.Great tV
I have purchased a bunch of these TV's and they are working out great. Wish there weren't limits to purchase. I had to buy from other sources to get enough for my project.Great Deal
I am using the Sceptre 32" TV as a monitor only, but the picture and quality is still good.Enjoying the Sceptre TV
The unit works better than the product description will lead you to believe. The only drawback is the built-in speakers. For a small room the speakers are adequate. If you intend to use the unit in a large room, plan on adding a sound bar. I have recommended this unit to three friendsGood Product for the Money
Works great, nice TV for the priceSCEPTRE X322BV HDR 32 LED
This tv is a great deal. It has great picture and was deivered promptly. Good choice I am very pleased.Sceptre 32 inch
This was absolutely the best tv for the price... I bought two.Best Deal
Overall for a brand that I have never heard of, I have been impressed with the quality of the product. Walmart was right on time with shipping.TV
Great sound and picture quality! Good price for the quality of the TV!Great TV
To whom it may concern so far so good myself & my wife we both love our new 32' the only draw back would be the volume level it's not loud enough even when turned all the way up but besides that it's a great tv,again like I said so far so good I don't put too much confidence in anything that is man made usually it's only good for a few years.32 inch tv
We ordered the TV online to be delivered to another WalMart store 2000 miles away. It arrived as promised and was picked up by our daughter. Our grandson loves the TV and we loved the price and convenience of getting it to him.TV for Grandson
Crisp, stunning and looks like a WAY more expensive TV. Very pleased.Gorgeous picture!
Great colors, image and size.Perfect size for bedroom.
greatgreat
Very easy to set up, works as expected. This replaces my 32 inch samsung smart led tv which stopped working 1 year and 22days after purchase. Warranty was for 1 year, Samsung would not help. I will never buy another Samsung tv. Read the reviews on samsung tvs.Sceptre X32BV- HDR 32" LED TV
it is a very good tvpleased
the tv is excellent. great color and crystal clear picture, and easy to use remote. The delivery from FedEx was lousy. Expedited delivery was supposed to deliver it on May 21 but someone at FedEx sent it from California all the way across the country to Florida! It was supposed to be delivered to Idaho!! Finally received it on June 2. This tv has been in more states than I have!excellent product lousy delivery.
Works great shows great picturesWorth the price
clear picturegood price
Bought this TV for my daughter and she loves itNice Television
The price is excellent for the size.I like the fact that it came with a cloth to clean the screen & a small screwdriver to put the stand together.The only thing I don't like is the sound.Maybe the surround sound system will change that but otherwise still like the tv and still rate it 5 stars.Good price for the size
Using as a TV and computer monitor - this is one of the best buys I've ever made - love it!Fantastic!
Tv is working. I have never had a problem with now two TV'S I purchaed.Tv
Clear good quakituClear good quality
With my old TV, I couldn't read the tutorials when I played video games. But with this one, they are sharp & clear. You also have the ability to choose the screen size: normal, wide, cinema, & zoom.I love it!
Seems to be working great. Not as clear as a 1080, but does the job!Works well!
No problems at this time.Nice item as described, service and delivery great
Nice big picture, and seems to be working very nicely.Very good service.
Muy buenotv
Excellent TV and very good picture for the price. Definitely would recommend this TV . Also has good sound quality .SCEPTRE X322BV HDR 32 LED
The picture is excellent and the tv is toogreat rv
They have TV where they had No TV. So if you ask me it could not be working out any better.gift to someone with no TV!
This is the best packaged, clearest set up instructed, most customer friendly TV I have ever purchased.Best TV
Great value and tvGreat TV for the price
I love it! I brought this tv simply because it was the cheapest 32 in flat screen tv at the moment! I was looking to replace an older box tv. I was nervous at first only because of the brand! Plugged it up and its just a crystal clear picture and I haven't had no problems with it! So don't over look this bargain tv because of the name!Clear picture
Love this TV! Excellent quality and picture. The settings options for picture/audio/closed captioning, etc., are wide and varied, plus you can set to your liking. Highly recommend this TV.Fabulous Buy
Solid.Good Product for the right price.
I love this TV , would buy it again ... good price....this tv
looks good works good and a good price too.Great for the price.
This Television works like a Dream, It is Big and Picture color is so Vibrant and it has Great sound. Wished I would have Purchased more.Picture Prefect
Have not had it long but like it. Happy to find that I did not have to get another cable box and could hook it right to the cable. Only problem I have had is the date and time jump from December to March. Was fine in morning and at night it had changed. Good picture.Sceptre X322BV
The price was awesome bought it around black friday time. Nice tv, for the price can't beat itGreat Deal
Received as a gift. What a gift! It was bought to put in my shop office. I would consider putting at the home. Nice sharp picture and plenty good sound.Great Picture! Easy to set up
I've only had it for one mo,and so far im very pleased
with it.this sceptre 32 in.is exc.
Bought this for my 95 year old father and he loves it. Sharp colorful picture with easy set up and use.Great TV for great price
I bought one for both of my kids for Christmas. The picture is sharp and clear. They both love their new flat screen Sceptre TV's.Excellent TV's
You can't beat the price and the picture quality is really great. Got this TV for our daughter for Christmas and it was an awesome buy at WalMart.Happy we purchased this TV
Bought for my daughters room!! Great picture & value!! Was impressed by all of the items that we included to put the tv stand together.Great value!!
Has a great picture. Much more features than was stated when I ordered it. Perfect addition to my bedroom.Better than I expected.
Just purchased it from Walmart, only paid 159.00. I like itLike it
We purchased this TV not knowing what to expect, When picked up our purchase we brought it home and plugged it in and wow this was so easy to setup. We were watching shows 10 minutes after the setup. Great picture, Excellent color, Best price.
We are very happy with this purchase.Excellent Buy
this was a Christmas gift really like the surprizegreat picture
This is the second Sceptre TV we have. They are great!Great TV!
Have had this unit about 4 weeks now it is Excellent all the way around......Outstanding
I bought this tv online and am very happy. Good quality picture and sound for tv of this price. And very easy to set up with my DirecT system!very easy set up
The TV so far has been great. It was easy to set up. The picture is vivid and clear. The sound is real good.Great TV
We have only had it for a couple of weeks but we love it so far!Beautiful clear picture
I got this on cyber Monday, great deal and great product. Easy to setup and wonderful picture. As a matter - of - fact I bought 2 and would do it again.Outstanding
I am very happy with my Sceptre TV. We use our TVs as teaching tools for video classes. This one has a great picture, just as good as any of our name brand TVs!Great TV for the price!
I bought this Tv as a gift for my teenage daughter and she loves it. I have gotten a hug from her everyday. I love it!! ThanksExcellent for the price!!
This is my first Sceptre. I made my decision reading the reviews and i am very satisfied. The picture is beautiful, the sound great. I have done no changes to the settings no need to there great.Extraordinary HDTV
i bought this as an upgrade in november for my birthday. i am glad i did. it is so light, the picture is great and the volume will blow you away. being in a wheelchair i thought someone would have to help me set it up. i did it all. plugin to set up took only about 30 min. i love it. my mom got one also. today i will help set up hers.Ms
I bought this for a bedroom. I was really surprised at how good the picture was for a inexpensive TVGreat TV for the price
i bought this on the 1st of dec an so far its great the only thing i don't like is i have to look for the channals like nbc hd or syfi because its don't say what the channael is.so far great
I received this LED as a X-Mas gift..Nice Clarity and picturemy new dimensional TV
This is a nice low cost led hdtv. The trim around the screen is a no glare and good looking.Good looking hdtv
Great value - very easy setup - factory settings were fine. Picture quality is good - this is a lower priced TV with a higher priced value. Not technical, but very happy with it!Great Value
I purchased this TV and it has awesome clarity! The sound options are nice too. It also has a USB port and I love the swivel stand. Good bang for your buck!Awesome Clarity!
I bought this for my hubby for Christmas. He loved it. Our 1st hang on the wall TV. The price was AWESOME ,too. Picture is great.gREAT PRICE gREAT GIFT
Bought this for my Christmas present to myself and I'm glad I did. Screen size is perfect for my one bedroom apt. Color is sharp and the price was perfect for my wallet. I'm totally satisfied with my purchase.Great Features!
Awesome tv, great picture, comes with table top stand and everything needed to put it on (even a nice little screwdriver). Comes with the screen protected very well with a thick plastic cover. I purchased a Cheetah ALAMLB mount with articulating arm from Amazon for $29 to hang on the wall and it works great with it! I would recommend this combination of tv and mount to anyone!Great TV!
I was so impressed with this LED 32" TV I bought another one. The price was great; this product is made and assembled in the USA (yeah!); a lot of attention to detail; excellent packing; screw-driver included (nice touch); easy to install base, and set up.Very Pleasantly Surprised
This was given to me as a gift from my son for Christmas. I love this product. Very clear picture, very easy to use.Great Buy
As a Wal-Mart employee I looked at many TV's from all dealers and glad I bought this one . Great quality and Great price.Great price Great quality
I recently purchased this TV. It had easy to understand instructions and installation. Even came with it's own mini-screwdriver! Great sound and picture. Love it!easy installation
Works great priced well could not have made a better dealThank you
I bought a 32 in tv in December..easy to setup and get running. Only thing I didn't like was the energy saving sticker stuck on the screen of the tv.. Had to be real careful when scrapping it off as to not damage the screen.. The energy savings sticker should've went on the screen protector film instead of the screen itself. I sent a photo in with the first review I did for this tv.Another Review
Just got this for my handicapped son and I didn't have to spend a lot of money to enjoy a good quality television set. And this Sceptre 32 inch tv set proves that. Yes I was somewhat skeptical at first, but after making the purchase, setting it up (which was very easy using the instructions) and noticing the picture and sound quality, I truly was very impressed. The HDMI on this LED screen, is very sharp an vivid and I feel the picture quality is as good as my 1080p. I would recommend this set to anyone.Great TV !!!!!!!!!
I bought mine for monitors and they are great so far. Nice color and picture. Best price for this size tv. who can go wrong with this/Bought two for monitors
I have been living with 3 tvs in my house that were 15 to 25 years old. The price of newer tvs have always been too expensive for me to upgrade. After my 32" older tv died I had to finally look for a tv I could afford. Not only did I need an affordable tv, I also needed a tv that had a quam tuner in it because I only have one cable box in my house. I came across the Sceptre at Walmart.com. Not only was it on sale but it also had a quam tuner. It was so easy to hook up and once I turned it on, I felt like I was at a movie theatre. Beautiful vivid color. So easy to make any adjustments with the remote. Why anyone would pay hundreds of dollars for a tv when the Sceptre is all you need.Beautiful Picture-Great Price
Just won this tv today and was amazed at the quality of the picture!Great picture
I am not really a technical know how person but all of the features on this TV are GREAT and easy to use once they were explained to me..........this has broadened my tech knowledge and I LOVE it!!!.....THANKS!!!AWESOME!!!
I purchased this TV not knowing the company. I am completely satisfied with the TV. It getys and excellant picture even with a rabbit ears in the basement.Great picture, color
We just bought this TV as a replacement and it is great. We're glad we bought the Sceptre and highly recommend it!Great Picture
For the money this TV has a great picture and sound!!great picture
I am so happy I bought it for the money its a great valuepicture quality
christmas present for 16 daughter and is perfect for her room and sizeperfect
This is my 1st night with a new TV and we really like itGreat TV!
i Bought this a month ago very happy with it great priceAwesome TV
I bought one of these tv's for a christmas gift and to my surprise it came packaged very well. I initially bought the tv for price alone. When i got it here i found that it had a lot of the features of a much bigger and more advanced model, needless to say i was so impressed i bought one for my house. I love it and it was so easy to set up with the real screwdriver you sent. Bravo! Really well thought out. Thank You.Great Christmas Gift
Bought this as a Christmas gift for my son. Easy to assemble out of the box, as well as simple hook up to Directv and a new PS3. Even easier that the TV remote is set to Sony remote codes. Went through the set up, clock and date. Reset the Directv to 720p, and the picture was clear, brilliant, and sharp right out of the gate. A great TV for the price! Would definitely recommend this product.Excellent clarity for the $
I've had this TV for a week. Replacing an LG 32" that I gave to my son after owning it for 5 years. Difference between 2009 and 2014: Now it's an LED and cost $150 vs. LCD screen and $400 then.

Both were among the least expensive 32" TVs of their time, and both have worked flawlessly. I have attached my Roku (to stream Netflix and Amazon Prime, a combined $11 a month), DVD player and digital antenna ($30). All work perfectly. This Sceptre TV was a great buy!Good price, great picture
I just got my tv and could not be happier! Everything is working fine and like all aspects!Good TV for the money.
I received this TV as a Christmas gift. It is beautiful. I have a friend who owns several Sceptre TV's and is also totally happy with the product.LOVE all the features
this is my first Sceptre TV and I loved it so much that I bought the Ultra HD 49 inch as soon as I saw it on sale. The original reason I got this TV was because it was picked out for me by a church who helped me with furniture when I got my first apartment. I love Sceptre I would actually like to promote some of their products if they ever asked me to I definitely would! And I am very knowledgeable about TVs nowgreat tv!!
This TV is wonderful, great price, great picture and sound, perfect!Great TV!
I bought this television a few months because of the price but it surprised me to have so many hookups. It has good picture quality and the sound is very good. I am very satisfied with everything about this television.More than I expected
I bought this tv last week and it's great. Me and my husband are enjoying it!Great tv!
I researched the reviews before I purchased this TV. I also couldn't resist the price. It wasn't a holiday & to get a tv of this quality under $200 is nice. I am using it in my bedroom but it is a nice size for any room.FANTASTIC PICTURE
just got it today , what A great picture, oh yea light weightWOW great picture
I bought this tv about five months ago & simply love it. The picture quality is top notch and has even out performed my expectations. I have and will continue to recommend this product to friends and familyExcellent Quality & Price
Being a new customer to the Sceptre line of TV's, I was impressed with the brilliant color and clarity of the picture. It also has a easy to use remote. I would definitely purchase another one in the future.Brilliant color
i bought this a month ago and realized it was a great investmentgreat picture and sound
I brought this tv a few months ago and i havent had no problems. Its affordable and i love the picture qualitybest tv! great price
bought for the bedroom amazed by its technology built in
truly a great tv.great picture
I bought this new tv last week and it arrived this evening. It's absolutely great! I can't believe the picture quality. 100% satisfied!32" SCEPTRE LED
I love my new TV! Great picture great sound and features! Fantastic price! I i i recommend that you buy this TV! Great for kids room also. It has parental controls. I love it!great tv
We've been very pleased with the TV. Picture quality is good, easy to use and set up. Had a brief problem with a button getting stuck, but Sceptre quickly took care of us.Great TV, great price
Just setting it up in my computer room. Wife wants it, already.easy setup
I bought this TV because of the price and wasn't expecting much but I am thrilled with the quality. Everything from the packaging to the TV is terrific. It's nice to get an owners manual that is thought out and written in a logically order also in understandable english. I feel like I found a hidden gem.Unexpectedly Surprised
I bought this TV for my garage-work shop. the best feature is the weight, I have a wall mount and to remove the old LCD was not fun but to put this one up was!nice picture
Like many others I got it for the price. It was easy to hook up and gives a good quality picture and lots of ways to connect. I'd buy it again.Great Value for the Price
I bought this TV to replace a Sanyo that went out. I chose the 32 inch to fit into our entertainment center. I am delighted with the Sceptre. Set up was very easy. Picture is clear and sharp, both on DVDs and over the air HD. Sound level is a little high, so you may have to use a low volume level. (We are using 07.) Color is true and natural, right out of the box. For what we paid for this TV, it is a great value. I have recommended it to our daughter for her college apartment as well.Great Value
Can't beat the price, and the quality is fantastic!Fantastic!
Great price along with great tv and a very easy set up.Nothing but compliments here
We bought this TV to upgrade the den and Wow what a picture! Highly recommend this TV.Great TV Great Value
Bought for cabin den. Perfect size and excellent style with just the right features.Great value, with style
bought it to replace my old tv so far much better sound and picturegood so far
Very Great Product.. Games play perfect on it.. couldn't ask for better at the priceGreat Hdtv
I brought this product about three months ago. I'm glad I didThe best picture
The set was delivered today and I am very pleased with the ease to set it up and the beautiful colors.great color
I love my x32,picture color is perfect,good sound,easy setup.It came with a screw
driver. The price you can`t beat it.perfect
Bought a couple of months ago for back bedroom. Easy set up on cable. Super color. Very satisfied.Top notch in its class
This tv has an excellent picture! I bought a cable (not included) and attached the tv to My computer and use it sometimes as a monitor--great results! I am very impressed with the ease of use-sure does beat squinting to read my lap-top moniter! I can stream flawless movies from my PC to the tv without any loss of clarity or sound--for the price I am very well pleased. It is one of the best buys for the quality I have found. I highly recomend considering buying this TV if you are in the market for a TV. I bought it online and 3 days later it was delivered to my door-free shipping too! I can not say whether or not they still offer free shipping----but most major chains do. I feel like I got a great deal and great quality.Sceptre LED 32" HDTV
This TV was given to me as a gift and I can't say enough about the clarity and color.Great TV
Just want I needed. Lives up to the name. Never had a problem with this tv.Love my tv!!!
Bit wary of the low price of this TV at Wal-Mart but once installed my wories were gone.
the picture from this TV is amazing considering how light this unit is.
Had no problems setting up once mounted to the wall bracket.
I am very pleased with this TV.
Would also buy this brand in a bigger size now I have seen the quality.

Thank you

PaulBest Picture I have ever seen
I was highly skeptical of the quality of the Sceptre brand, since I had never heard of these!, but with the great prices offered recently on "Black Friday" sales, I purchased two for my vacation rentals. I set them up yesterday, and WOWZA! The quality of the picture and sound is even better than any of my much higher priced Samsung LED HD TVs! When it's time to replace those, I'll definitely buy a Sceptre, without a doubt!Better than any higher priced!
I have used Sceptre computer monitors before and loved them. This t.v. is no exception. It was so easy to set up and I love all the features. The price is great as well.Great features
I bought this T.V. online not knowing really what i would get never heard of Sceptre before but i was very i did the crisp clear picture and i love the swivel base. I will in the near future buy a sceptre again.Crisp clear picture
I just bought this TV. It has great picture and sound. I just love my new tvGreat Features
I have mine hooked up to my computer and mainly use it for watching movies streamed from the internet, and also have a Blu-ray hooked to it. All the features (ports, connections) work great and the picture and sound are incredible for the price. Very satisfied with purchase!Excellent value!
Purchased Black Friday to replace bedroom TV. Was impressed with ease of installation, wonderful picture and especially the sleep timer.Great picture for great price
I bought this TV for the bedroom and liked it so well I bought another for my office. I do not believe you can find a better TV for the money.Great TV for the price
I have had it 9 months and it stop working I call and they send a new one right away love this company thank so much.great picture
I bough this tv because I wanted an hdtv.i decided to buy sceptre because of the price.it turned out to be a good decision .I have had this tv about six months no problems,great picture for a 720.i am very satisfied with this tvgreat tv
This is a very nice low cost TV. It replaced a more expensive one (by another company) in our home that had a bad inverter board not long after purchase. The Sceptre has better color and is more lightweight so we don't have to worry about where we place it in the living room.Very Happy
I've had this TV for over 1 year and have had spectacular viewing. No problems and still is as if brand new!Fantastic
I purchased this product 4 months ago and could not ask for a better picture and sound. I use it in the basement. great choice.great price
When I purchased I was mostly concerned with the cost, but still wanting as much quality & features that $$$ could get me. The picture quality is beautiful!! Clear & Crisp I run the sound through a bar a have excellent quality. I run regular channels through cabel, I have added Roku through one of the HDMI ports & I connect my computer using the other HDMI port for both Hulu and as an extended standard monotor. I have beautiful quality in all of theses. I run the DVD through the AV and even have high video quality there. I will be looking at Sceptre when I prepare to purchase my larger screen.Surprisingly Great
Beautiful picture, sound volume is suitable for my needs, and I will definitely recommend this product to others!Great TV
Picture quality is far better than expected. Best TV purchase I've ever made!Great Picture
Purchased this TV for a replacement for our living room and ended up placing it in our bedroom. Great quality sound and picture. Vibrant colors.Great Picture
Just bought it, fast easy set-up, clear image, many optional uses.Easy to use/set-up
Got a great deal on Black Friday, What a good choice.Great picture
Clean clear picture for a great price. Lightweight and easy to set up.Great Price, Easy to Set Up
got for Christmas love it looks great in our bedroomgreat picture & love the sleep
This was bought for my husband and I by our son for Christmas . He had looked at many and chose this one for usseems to be an awesome led hdt
This TV has great sound and picture regardless of what others are saying. I was hesitant to buy because of the negative reviews. It has a great picture and we aren't even connected to HD with Direct TV yet. Hopefully we will get many years of enjoyment from this TV. I highly recommend it.Very Pleased!
Amazed at the picture quality. Fantastic. Just hope the TV doesn't burnout.Dynamite Product for the price
I bought this unit for my 95 year old mother who's 40 year old TV finally died. She loves it!!! Set up was easy and the picture and sound exceeded my expectations!Great Value
I bought this for Xmas gift to myself glad I did very pleased so far with product.Great Picture
I got this for husband for Christmas. It was a great price fits into a tight budget.
The picture on this Tv is so clear it has a awesome picture.Great Picture
Ordered this from Walmart.com. This was a Christmas gift for my 5 year old because her old tv was a 19 inch box tv. I was wondering why my daughter never turned her tv on. Then found out it was because she didn't like the size of the old one. When the delivery guy brought this one, she turns it on whenever she can. Only thing I wish this had was louder sound quality, everything else is worth the buy.EXTREMELY SATISFIED!!!
I got this television on sale and was a little skeptical about the price for a brand I was unfamiliar with. I would say that this television and brand is great for the price. I am not the biggest videophile around so I cant tell you megapixels and resolution numbers and color variances, all I can say is that I have no complaints about the picture or sound quality on this TV and that I would recommend this product for the price any day.Great Television for the Price
Replaces a 25 year old Sony which still worked but was huge compared to our new Sceptre.
Love the sleek look.
Only had it about 5 weeks. So far, so good.Great sound & picture.
We bought this TV as a bedroom replacement unit. Very easy to setup. Nice interface. The U-verse loaded right up. Nice picture quality for 720dpi. Overall its the best unit in this price point.Great quality and great value
receives more local channels then or smaller samsungvery clear
Easy to set up and connect with my DVD player. Very pleased with the picture and sound.Happy
I bought this TV so I could use it to link my Nexus 7 tablet through Chromecast. It works fine and I'm very happy with the results. Chromecast could be improved...really slow on Youtube but the TV is fine. Lots of ways to connect it.Very Happy with this TV
I revived this for my Birthday and was amazed at the picture quality and all the features this TV has for the price.Great Features
Fairly decent product for the money- neverhad a large screen tv before and I like the way it looks- so far, so good.Sceptre TV
Very Happy with new set...install very simple...picture beautiful...chance to use attachments simpleNew purchase
I received the TV as a Christmas present. The quality is excellent! It feels like I'm in a movie theater, not in my own room. The picture and sound are both crystal clear!Excellent TV!
Great price for this size. Great color, sound, and clarity.Great color and clarity
I bought this TV mostly because it had a reasonable price. It has decent picture and at least for my bedroom it has better sound than the TV my parents bought. I have a Blu-ray player, set-top box, and Super NES (yes- it still works); it is easy to switch between the three connections. :)Great TV at a reasonable price
when i bought this i had no idea that it would have a better picture than my 32 inch and 72 inch vizio lcdtvs with no glare and great sound (after you adjust the bass trebel and equalizer)great tv
While I've only had my Sceptre 32" TV for a few weeks it has not been disappointing in the least. You need to take a look at the Sceptre product line. Easy to set up, many nice features included and also well thought out. When I did my homework and found out they were associated with Hitachi of Japan and also have Sony components I was sold. This is a excellent value!Its a Keeper!!!
We bought two of these for Christmas presents. Easy to open and set up. Picture and sound great. Kids love them.Great tv for a great price
I bought this 2013 and give it to my grandson as a gift he use it as TV and PC Monitor love it great product for great price.Great futures
Received it as a gift from my sons. They knew I wanted this size to upgrade from a 20" for my travel trailer. Been using it in the bedroom in the meantime. Great picture and sound.The size is right.
Very happy I purchased this set. It replaced a set with a smaller screen and a larger footprint. It sits on a dresser in my bedroom. The sound and color are very good and I am enjoying it very much.Color and sound very good
this TV was actually purchased for me by some people who wanted to make sure that I have entertainment for my new place! The TV turned out to be such an unexpected surprise, that when it was time for me to buy a bigger TV, I chose Sceptre, this time there are 49 in ultra HD! I've got it almost a year now, I haven't had one problem with it either.great TV!
Great picture. Swivel is a big plus when at my computer desk. Love the tv! I have 3 of them.32 inch led tv
I've had this TV for 4 months and find it has a great picture.
Two complaints of small importance: the font on the menus for settings
could be larger and the sound could be a bit better . .even with adjustments it is somewhat tinny. I found that putting a small carpet square below softened the tinny outputExceedingly good value . .
I like this tv for mostly all of it's features and functions. The only thing i'm not completely happy with is the sound. The tv can be difficult to hear effectively with any other outside noise, such as a fan. The speakers must not be a high enough grade to have more amplification behind them. I usually have to turn on the surround sound receiver to hear it effectively. One other small thing. The swivel set up that mounts the tv to it's stand is a little too wobbly. This tv has an excellent picture. I sit only 4 feet away and it is sharp, crisp and has very good contrast and brilliant color. The details you see with 720p is very surprising. Sometimes there is more detail on facial closeups than i want to see. With the addition of my bluray player with wifi and Chromecast it has become a smart tv, when needed. I give it 5 stars because the faults are very small, and most flat screen tv's suffer from insufficient sound. This is something that all tv makers need to work on.Excellent picture and features
got this for Christmas and TV viewing has not been the same since. Colors and sound like never experienced except at moviesoutstanding picture
Did a long time search for affordable, not too big TV, and this is it. Glad I found it.Terrific TV for the price.
This is my first spectre tv and what a very nice pictureNice picture
I bought this tv a few months ago and its doing the job nicelygreat to use for a monitor
I have had this TV for over two months have found it to have a very clear picture and great soundClear picture, good sound
I'm very happy with my purchase of this flat-screen. It has a very stylish and attractive metal-brushed frame. The picture quality is very good with multiple picture presets for different types of programming. I'm very satisfied with the purchase.Excellent TV
my husband & got it as a christmas gift! love itgreat picture,great product
Great price and better quality!Better then expected!
Ibought this tv for my granddaughter and she loves it.great tv
Purchased one month ago- great deal! Color is great!Great features!
I just bought my Sceptre to replace an LG TV 32" one that lasted only 24 months. So far, fo good. Great picture! A ton of connection features!!Very, very pleased
I have had this tv since December 2014 and love it. The quality is amazing, especially for the price.Awesome TV
Using for 2 months now and have had no problems.Sceptre 32" TV
I purchased this item in december and i absoulutely love it, great pic and sound, very clear piceverything about the tv
I bought this as a gift for my husband and he loves it. Nice bright picture, great sound and easy to hook up.And light! This is replacing an older model t.v. and we were reminded why we never move it!Big Bright Picture
excelent comunication, fast warranty support.. Sceptre the best!!!great service!!
We won our TV but when we ever have to purchase another it will be one of thesegreat picture and features
I bought this last Saturday for my PC monitor, I cant believe how crisp and bright it is! I'm seeing things in pictures I never noticed before and The videos look like you can reach out and touch them . Never thought this TV would make that much of a difference but it is like night and day!!! I'm sold on Sceptre and I actually just ordered a 50" sceptre LED HDTV online to replace the family room TV!AMAZING bright crisp picture!!
I am very happy with quality and price would recommend to my friends.Sceptre TV
Kids use it mostly for their video games, they love it.Great for games.
I bought this tv for a bedroom . It is on a basic cable and the picture is great. The features are all that I need. I couldn't be more satisfied.A great product for the price
I am really enjoying my tv. For the price I paid for it . It is better than the ones I have bought in the past that were expensive.Great TV
Very pleased with savings. Love the colors on remote.Love the remote
Very happy...looks great in den...picture and sound is goodgreat buy
This tv has a better picture than the samsung that I have. Love this tv. Bought it for my 10yr old and she hasn't turned it off since christmasScepter 720P
I bought this TV for Christmas and it is more than I expected for the price. It gets a beautiful picture and has many other good features.Great TV
I bought this TV about a month ago.
My selection was based on price and overall reviews.
So far, I have not been disappointed.
It was very easy to set up, and basically does everything I want it to.
I wish I had bought a slightly larger one, but have no complaints on this one.
The picture quality is great, The controls are easy.
I cannot comment on the sound quality, since I play the sound through my treadmill speakers. (The TV is mounted on the wall in front of my treadmill)
I very much recommend this TVGood Value
I have owned several but this kind is soo easy for me . I am disable and have trouble with my hands but this is no trouble for me to operateso easy to operate
I've had this tv for almost a year now and am glad I got it. It has great color and the digital interfaces are amazing in their clarity. I've used Roku, WiFi DVD, and digital cable and have had great reception. I recently tried digital over the air and it is beautiful as well.Great Television
awesome tv i love it has a great picturegreat tv for the price
Bought this one because we loved our other Sceptre so much. Great pic,color,sound. Ability to connect USB etc. Price was great. Our old one came in thr rv we brought and paper work said 6 yrs old. When the screen blacked out we were told it would cost 75 for new board plus shipping and would need to find a repair shop. Buying new one made more sence.Love the sceptre
ThisTV's picture is crystal clear and life-like. I enjoy TV so much more now!!Great picture!!
I bought this last fall and have had time to really watch the tv and checkout the features. I love the hdmi and composite inputs that make it compatible with my older electronics.Great Set - Excellent Value
I shopped around for awhile,both online and in store and not just Walmart. I just couldnt justify the big jump in price from 720P to 1080I,so I finally bought the 32inch Sceptor from walmart.com.I ordered it on a monday morning and had it Friday afternoon!! for 229 dollars this is bar far one of the best deals ive found!! pictures great,sound is good,all the good gadget hookups and plenty of adjustments to make every one happy! also the ultra-slim freed up some more cabinet space! all in all a GREAT buy!!GREAT Tv for an excellent price!!
The TV information packet mentions it doesn't have a battery and this may impact your setup because it did mine. I almost returned this TV due to thinking it was defective due to the non-responsive state of both the remote and the buttons on the TV while it's capacitors were charging. The TV will keep shutting itself off (energy star compliance) claiming no input sources and the remote will seem to be non-functional until then. In my case it was also complicated due to the fact the onscreen menu was in French.

After the TV "charged" up it then became responsive with an excellent picture and decent speakers. I haven't tried the USB port on it yet so I don't know how it would respond as a picture frame nor mp3 player. It has the three hdmi inputs in the back and the other inputs on the side but back of the tv since it's a tiered depth device. It has a headphone jack back there but no analog rca variable volume output to connect to a stereo unit to use the TV's remote to control the volume (wanted to connect a subwoofer to it and couldn't, this may impact your choice of soundbars to connect to it) though it does have a digital audio output. It can also take a 1080p input at 60hz and playback well since we were using a Sony PS3 to play media to it. It's a good TV at a great price.Patience is required on initial setup.
This TV was purchased as replacement for older TV. Good value for money paid.
So far no issues.Good Valu
I purchased two of these. The price was great. I bought one at first got it home, hooked it up and waited a few days. Worked well, picture great. My daughter was ecstatic. So I bought another one for my other daughter's room. I will mention that the picture would cut out and show static for a millisecond. Called their customer service and they told me to use the AV cable from my dish box to the back of the TV (you know the red, yellow, & white connectores for dvd players) fixed it perfectly. Love them, and have even got two coworkers to buy them. Very Very happy.Great Value
Great value. Easy set up and perfect for our camp house.Good value
Gift to granddaughter who tells me the picture and sound are very impressive.A gift to my granddaughter who is extremely happy
I bought this TV to upgrade from 13'' VCR/TV combo I had been using for a while. Not only was it cheap, but it surpasses almost all my expectations. The picture is clear, it is easy to setup and program, and it also lets me use it as a monitor for my computer. The only downside is that the audio tends make some weird noises during higher pitched sounds. Even so, this TV is a must for anyone on a budget.Excellent value
Ordered this T.V. from the website when our Element brand died after 2 years. We just wanted something cheap that would get he job done for now. For $210 I can't complain. The picture is adequate; sometimes it blurs a bit or has a line for a bit. The sound is much better than I expected. The sound is clear and generally the volume doesn't have to be too high to hear adequately. I think the sound quality does deteriorate the higher the volume goes up, but I've heard that most flat screens have sound issues and that sound bars are generally needed to make them sound good. For a cheap tv it suits my needs just fine. I mainly using it for streaming video and watching DVDs. If you want a tv with amazing picture and features then spend the extra $$$ to get one. Otherwise, it works well enough if your needs are simple.Good T.V. if you don't have high expectations
I didn't expect much from a $200 TV so I was very surprised and happy with the connections with this (eg. 3 HDMI) and the picture quality. You're still getting what you pay for, but at this price it is more than I feared it would be.

Controls are easy, doesn't look cheap.

Remote does feel cheap and sound is kind of hollow, but as a 2nd TV I don't care.Great TV for money
Son enjoys the television for his dorm room picture and sound is good the price was in the price range for his dorm room.Great for college dorm
I purchased this for my elderly parents and was very pleased. It seems to be a good quality tv, clear picture and sound. It is easy to use the remote, which is important to them. I would say, it's a really great buy!Great tv for the price
TV is better than I expected for the low price. It was so cheap that I figured it wouldn't have a great picture, but I was wrong. Picture is clear and well balanced in color. All I had to do was set up the TV, hook up my cable, and off we went.TV is better than I expected for the low price.
My mom needed a small TV for her room and didn't want to spend a lot of money so I saw this and got it for her. The TV works great and my mom is happy with the TV. A great value for the price.Great product for the price
Easy ordering & pick-up. Walmart kept me informed by text & email status of order. Set up was easy as was programming.Good Value
Has a good picture, the sound is good. Easy to set up. Only been used for a couple of weeks but happy with it so far.Bought it as a gift
I thinks a great tv for the price you pay it does a great job. At first i was worried because i look at the bad review don't look into those reviews those review are off it like they want something for nothing.Great buy for the money
This tv was a great deal! $200.00 & change for a 32" tv delivered, can't be beat. I bought two
of them, one for the cabin, & one ffor the exercise room.AWESOME!
good tv for what the price especially since now dayz tvs are expensive this is a good deal.good for price
This is my first flat screen check out a lot of brands great tv for my needs the color is great the sound is not surround sound quality but I didn't need that out of the box setup no problem plan to buy another one in the near futureGreat TV for a bedroom or a small room
I was extremely impressed with this TV. While the picture is not as good as my 1080p TV, it is still very good. The sound is also not as good as I would like but it's acceptable. I cannot speak to how well it will perform long term, of course, as I've had it less than a month but I am extremely pleased with it now as a second set.A Very Good Buy
I avoid purchasing products if I am not familiar with the maker, but the Sceptre 32 has met my expectations and just as nice as the 32' Toshiba and less expensive! I just made the purchase and so far no problems.Pleasantly surprised
Very good 32 inch TV for the $$$$. On sell $199.99. Picture quality better than 2 other sets (unnamed) of that size I have in bedrooms. Very light weight. Easy to mount on any wall even if you do not find a stud. Only neg. would be sound quality, but for the price and picture that would not prevent me from buying the TV again.Excellent Value
This is my first hd t.v. which I purchased for use in my bedroom so I wasn't looking to go all out and purchase a top of the line unit. I have been quite happy with the sound(which I haven't even felt the need to adjust yet) and the picture quality. The only thing I wish they had done better is the remote which seems a little flimsy. Overall though it's a great tv for the price and I would definitely consider buying another one in the futuregreat tv for the price
I purchased it for a bedroom and it serves its purpose. The quality is ok. If it had been for a family room, I'd go with a better quality TV.Great buy for the price.
For the money I spent (@$215.00) it's a very good product. The sound is okay but additional speakers will fix that. It's the perfect size for my bedroom. Thanks Walmart :)It's nice for the price ..
Picture quality is good although it pixilates during some content via the TV input. As a PC monitor it works well and also gives good picture quality for game boxes. It's one real shortcoming is it's audio output. The unit I have sounds extremely tinny and fuzzes badly with any base added to it so for audio quality I have to give it a big thumbs down. If you can get an inexpensive set of external speakers or if you have a surround sound system to connect it to you'll not find a better bargain.Good for a small room/PC room monitor
I purchased this TV because of the good reviews it had on the website, and I have been pleased with it. It isn't used often because I purchased it for a spare bedroom. All and all there are no complaints and I think it is a great value for the money.Good value
Bought this tv for my son to play video games on in his room. It,s the perfect size. And the picture is great.Great buy for the money.Great Tv
Was a little worried at first read some bad reviews on it, but they were all from a year ago so i thought maybe they had fixed the problem, so far so good mine works great , was easy to set up, ive got my blue ray and surround sound and computer all hooked up to it, for the price i dont think this TV can be beat, but then again i have only had it a couple of weeks ask me in a couple of monthsGreat Deal for the Price
I am extremely satisfied with this purchase.Excellent product for the price!
For the price this is a good deal for anyone searching for a smaller lcd tv. picture quality is good. but keep in mind that often times the picture is only as good as the source that you feed it. sound is on par with similar sets of the same size. good value for the money. only couple things I noticed on a negative side. was you cant lable your inputs such as dvd,cable or sat box. also the white balance is a little off. (kinda hard to explain) even with mutiple attempts to adjust it. its a little off still ,but not a deal breaker. good value at 229.00 dollars.pretty good
This was an affordable television for my teenage son's bedroom. He wanted something small and compact that doesn't take over his bedroom. This fits the bill!Good product for the money
We wanted to replace a Sony LCD tv we had in our bedroom that died just after 2 yrs and was out of warranty. After viewing a ton of reviews on other LCD tvs and comparing prices we decided to buy this one. This tv is much lighter in weight to lift compared to the old one, has a great quality picture with decent sound, and seems to operate well so far. For a more enhanced sound with better bass, we also purchased a low priced high definition sound bar from Walmart for watching movies. I'd highly recommend buying this tv if you're considering it. We also purchased the 3yr warranty this time.Great tv for the price
This came super fast. Great product. Only issue was when it was delivered it was not in a shipping box. It came as if you picked it right up off the shelf and put it in your cart. It was left on a back porch in the rain. Its a christmas gift and i just hope the inner plastic kept it safe.shipping was the issue.
Great picture quality, easy to set up. Sound quality is marginal.Impressive TV for the price.
Bought this as a gift for my grandmother and she only has good things to say about it. What a great deal!32" LCD TV for $200!
This tv is great value - picture is not top of the line, but satisfactory to me. I love the fact that the base swivels. Sound is fine, picture quality is fine. If you are looking for a tv for kitchen, bedroom etc this would be great - good value for the money. Have used is for a couple of months now, have had no problems with the tv.Great TV for the price.
the tv is great i bought it for my father for sporting events, but after putting some blurays in it it looks amazing, the sound quality is not as great tough, but an excelent pricegreat looks lacks boom
I purchased this model for the bedroom and was really impressed with the picture quality and ease of use. This TV has as good or better picture than the other two TV's in the house.Great Buy
I don't have cable or anything, just old fashion rabbit ears, and until this purchase I still had an old tube type tv. (The tv still worked fine, but the convweter box gave out.) I paid just over $200 for this one. I really have no complaints if you are looking for a basic tv with good picture quality and don't have a clue about refresh rate etc. However, if you plan on using it for over air broadcasting with rabbit ears or some kind of antenna, patience is a must. You'll spend a fair amount of time getting the antenna in just the right positon to get all the channels, then a few days later, do it again. I have a few friends (very few) who also have antenna and this is a common problem regardless of the tv's make or model. Overall, I don't think it can be beat for the price.Great for the money
I didn't know what to expect since I could only view this TV online, but once I turned it on, I was impressed with the good, clear, color and sound, and you can't go wrong with the price! I also realized that my older TV model which is a Sony and I believed to be great, is not so great anymore and I need to upgrade. I will be purchasing a second TV.Great buy for the price!
In my opinion, just as good as more recognizable manufacturers for probably close to half the price. I've only had TV for a week or so, but happy with it!Unbeatable for the price!
I purchased this tv 2 months ago but was waiting to review it to see how it did. My son bought the very same tv and it went out after 3 weeks, but so far this one has been good. Good picture and sound. It's used in a bedroom so it doesn't get as much use as the one in my son's living room. Overall a good tv so far.good so far
I have only had this for two weeks. For the price (179)this was an excellent buy. Picture quality is very good, sound quality is fine. What I miss are some simple features. There is no picture in picture and the remote does not let you jump to last channel. Otherwise a good buy.Nice for the price
We bought this tv for a couple of hundred bucks and it is definitely worth that price. I don't know what anyone really expects from a $200 32" tv but it works and that meets my definition of good.

Pros:
-Cost
-3 HDMI Inputs

Cons:
-They stuck the yellow electricity usage sticker directly to the tv bezel, which seems ludicrous to me. Was able to get it off with lighter fluid, but still.
-Sound isn't fantastic but didn't expect it to be. Pick up a soundbar for $100 to go with it.Good tv for the price
I have two of these Sceptre 32" Ts the they love them.Good
The picture is very clear and was bought at a great price for a basic TV without too many confusing bells and whistles. Don't consider the 720p versus 1080p/i as a problem as with this size screen I don't believe the average person could notice the difference. Has a sufficient number of inputs for about anything that may be needed to hook the TV up to including 3 HDMI ports but does not have a ethernet jack or wi-fi for connection to the internet. This TV was bought as a gift for a senior citizen with hearing problems. The sound is very clear and can be adjusted to a high level with no distortion. Has one feature where you can pause the screen temporarily using the enclosed remote that would be helpful if you wanted to review in detail what appears on the screen at a given time (the sound continues to proceed). Recommend for anyone.Great TV for the price
Worth what I paid for it!! I am using it as monitor for my laptop.For the price!
I had wanted a bigger screen TV for 2 years. I saw this TV online for a very good price.
Site to Store means no shipping costs.
It came quickly.
But...There was no remote, electric cord, no instruction book!!! We couldn't use it!!
There was a number to call in CA. The guys there at Sceptre were patient, nice and helpful!!
They Fed-Exed the accessories bag in two days and we were set. The picture is beautiful and the sound. too.Beautiful picture and sound
I enjoy this TV. The sound quality isn't outstanding but for the price I think its worth buying.nice tv for the price!
I purchased the 32" for my bedroom and it meets all the expectations. Nice and with some a adjusting to the sound settings it has good sound quality. I also own the 46". Tv's are affordable and have good pictures. Very pleased.great price and quality
Chose due to size and price. Have had for several weeks, and am very satisfied with the television. It meets our needs for a second set for our den. Plus the price was great, much less than big name brands.Good picture, great price!
Bought this for our bedroom but the sound and picture qualiry are so much better than the Sanyo 32 inch we had in the living room we put this one in the living room instead. Wish it had more A/V input ports but it has plenty of HDMI ports. Great value.Great product!
TV was as advertized. Easy to set up an good quality. Free shipping was a bonus. Great price.Good Value
I bought this TV a few weeks ago. The sound and picture is easily adjusted to your liking. After my adjustments of sound and picture it looked great. I would recommend this for a first time buyer of a HDTV.Good TV for the price. Volume and picture is good.
This TV works great with my xbox especially when I hooked up the HDMI cable. The sound is very good.Good TV for video game play
We bought four of these because of the great price and previous reviews. These were upgrades for our kids bedrooms, they had been "suffering" with old school tube tv's long enough we felt. Very easy to set up, base is just 4 screws, all 4 TVs were up and running within an hour. Picture and sound is very good for the price, great value. FAST shipping.Upgrades
When I bought this TV I thought there was going to be some kind of catch since it was only $200, but when it got to my house and I hooked it up and turned it on it was really nice! The only issue I have with mine is that when you have the TV's volume up pretty loud and a scream or other high piched noise occures the speaker and base of the TV starts to vibrate a bit, but I fixed that by using a different audio output (like a speaker system or speaker bar). Also another thing I like about this is that the options menu is very easy to access.Very Nice and Very Cheap
The TV is great, but there was a small dent on front when we got it. Not sure if it was the shipping or if it was that way when it was packed. Everything else was great.Nice TV
We have a Sceptre 46" that we bought a few years ago. The color in 46" is vibrant. The 32" color is bluish and washed out. Still the picture is clear, and considering the cost, it's an incredible deal. The sound isn't spectacular, but I'm thinking it's probably even a little better than the 46" Sceptre. So we're very pleased.Great TV for the money
We were very pleased with the TV. The packaging was the easiest and best we've ever seen. (Ever try to get in all those little packets of screws and accessories?) These were all in zip lock bags and neatly and correctly labeled. We aren't using the HD features but for what we wanted it for it's great. It was easy to set up - so far so good!Good TV for the money.
Only complaint I have was about instruction on "if you have cable..you might need to do this" didn't say that...didn't mention you might need to set your current cable remote to 3/4 which ever applies before trying to set the tv remote so it would work...my other tv's in the house require two remotes with this tv I was able to get it synced to use just one..that makes me happy. :)
Tv watcherGood tv for size and price
My husband wanted this for his playstation and xbox games. Very good picture, plenty of place for hooking up everything and very good price.l.. All in all very pleased with this purchase...Very good gaming tv
Most of the posted reviews fell into two categories:
1) The TV didn't function properly out of the box or died within a few months or
2) The TV works just fine, but the sound is very poor.
After reading the reviews I purchased the TV with a three year warranty, and so far the TV is working just fine. Great picture, the remote feels cheap but works great, and as reviewed, the sound is very poor. The sound doesn't bother me because I just hooked it up to my surround system, turned down (or off) the TV speakers, and it sounds wonderful. I would recommend this TV only if you purchase the 3 yr extended warranty and have or buy a secondary sound system.
I also use this TV for my Xbox and watching DVDs - great HD!Inexpensive bedroom TV
A little slow to warm up and show that you have activated the TV to the ON position. Warm up time reminds me of tv's back in the 70s. Sleep timer requires you to push two buttons at the same time, which is sorta weird. Haven't played with many of the features yet. Otherwise, the basic television watching seems to be good to go after that.Slow warm up
This TV was bought to replace a very large CRT model. My hearing is going, badly, and, as well, I wanted something more up to date so I could use wireless headphones and not shake the walls of the house nor break the others' ears if they were interested in watching the same show as I.

This is last year's model and as such was available very inexpensively - 189 plus 10 shipping the monster, almost-30 pound package to my home in 2 days (standard shipping was only 5), which I consider impossible, given that I had to pay UPS 10 to ship a 6# item 30 miles recently - but, nonetheless, an outstanding bargain.

The colors vary from source to source. The top news stations have the best color rendition and sound quality, but the movie channels and other minor cable channels have very irregular sound and color. I presume that to be a factor of production values, and not the set, but nonetheless, it was irritating by comparison to the CRT.

The set has all the last-year's whizbangs, which means that I can stick a USB memory into the side of the unit and have a huge slide show of my pictures, or my videos. I've not tried any of the other ports other than the earphone; it cuts the sound as would be expected - but I'll not be using a wired headset, anyway, so it doesn't matter.

Unfortunately, my wireless headset hasn't yet arrived, so I can't actually comment on that function (RCA outputs), but I expect that it will be just fine.

Overall, a great value.Irregular
For the price you pay for this TV it is a great value. Box shipped Fed EX got here before arrival date. rotating stand could be a bit sturdier but the swivel feature is nice. The batteries for the remote were dead had to replace those, but I was pleasantly surprised that the package came with a screen cleaner and screw driver for assembly of the product. I would however recommend this as a second or sports tv. picture is good as well as sound but viewing movies with a dark back round seems to be a challenge with a contrast ratio of only 3000:1 this is to be expected. Be aware of what you are purchasing and you wont be disappointed.Great Value!
I got this on clearance, and I don't regret it for a single second. The picture quality isn't the best of the best, but I wasn't about to spend $500 on a new TV when I could get this for under $200. The sound is fine (I never turn up my TV too loud), and I love that it doubles as a PC monitor. I haven't checked out all of it's features, because I'm only really using it for a little bit of TV, console gaming, and a second desktop monitor. So, if you just want a decent sized TV/monitor for your living room or bed room, this is a nice fit. But, again, I got it on clearance. I probably wouldn't have been as eager if I had paid full price.Great value for the clearance price!
order and delivery were a breeze-set up took awhile because instructions were less than explicit.It would've been helpful to have step by step illustrated set up instructions for those of us who arent
tech savvy.Once set up-we've no complaints!overall a good purchase
great picture and works great hooked up to computerbeauitful picture
Easily hooked up to my At&T Uverse internet. I was searching for a 32" TV for while but was just waiting for the right price. Well I found it and very happy I did as I was just about to give up when this went on sale for $219.00 and I snatched it up.This TV was certainly worth the money I spent
Works well, good picture and a bargain!Nice Value TV
This is a very good unit for the money. I would recommend the unit to my friends and family.Very very Good
A good tv for the price.Reasonable Bargain
I bought this television to replace an old 32'' style in my bedroom. I was pleasantly surprised by the screwdriver and screen cloth they sent with the other components. The picture isn't what Im used to (I had a Sony Aquos) in my living room for the past 5 years -- and was mildly dissapointed in the quality, but when realizing the pixels are less... I realized the picture quality isnt all that bad for the lower pixels. The sound is a bit low, but for the price and the room for which it is being used, I think it was a pretty good buy. Although, I have only had it a few days... Lets hope my opinion stays this way.Nice tv for the price.
I was a little skeptical buying the tv due to the price and some of the reviews, but so far it is working and looks great. The only reason I did not give 5 stars is because even when the volume is turned all the way up it still is not very loud.Good for the price
Great TV, good price, but the shipping was sad. They left the box on the sidewalk in front of the house. No one knocked, they didnt put it on the porch, just a big TV box in front of the house. Good thing I have honest neighbors.Nice TV, but Walmart shipping is horrid
The picture is cut off when zoom and I only zoom because it doesn't take up the whole screen.I've tried so many so many things but still nothingpretty great.
This 32" TV is the best price anywhere. It has places to connect whichever kinds of cables you have. The sound is a little hollow, and the volume doesn't really get that high. Still a good buy for just family viewing.Best value we could find
We bought 2, one for the living room and one as a desktop monitor. 720p is low resolution as a monitor, but settings setup are somewhat intuitive. Audio, As expected, is not very good over 20db, so a secondary audio output is recommended. As a mid-size TV, there are several input options and looks good from 8 ft. It's been 2 months and will be worth the money if it lasts 2 years. So Far So Good.So Far So Good
Very good for the price and much better than expected! Good sound and picture is better than average.good
Great price and value. Very good picture and sound quality for bedroom TV.Great TV for Price
Great tv for under $200. Sharp HD picture.Great tv for the bedroom, or office.
I paid double the price just a couple of years ago for a 32in Vizio, decided to buy another TV for gaming. Everything about this TV is every bit as good as the Vizio and with the free shipping I am very happy with the choice of this TV the Picture is excellent.I would have given it 5 stars but have to wait and see if it lasts.Best price I have found for 32in. HD
Product came quickly, easy to assemble and works greatGood product great price
MY SON LOVED ITFIRST TV PURCHASED SINCE 1999
I have bought a lot of TV's over the years and this is one of the best I have ever owned.Great TV
Good price. Picture pretty good. Small frame so it doesn't take up valuable space. The only shortcoming is the sound quality. Speakers to small/ Not enough power.not bad for the price
This is my 3rd Sceptre Purchase... I bought this for a friend. She loves it!!! Only thing... Time delays when TV is put on sleep mode. Overall great picture and good buy.Good Picture quality
This television was for a a vacation home and is perfect for that. The picture quality is okay but for the price it is wonderful!Great Television for a bedroom
Purchased for a TV in my room, not too big or small. Great Price for what you get!! Clear picture with HD receiver and good sounds. Stand swivels from side to side too. Kinda makes a click noise when you turn off and on.Great Product for price
Great Value - Perfect HDTV for budget.Great Value - Perfect HDTV for budget.
Volume wasn't very loud but picture was great. Excellent overall valueGreat tv for price
This is an excellent TV, but we find the remote control not very user-friendly. You have to lift and point it exactly in the right position. Also, at full volume, the TV is still not very loud. Certainly I would recommend it to others as a very good buy.Good value
This TV does the trick for me. I use it in my bedroom and have it connected to an HD receiver and my computer tower. ( I do not use the VGA port as i couldn't get a picture , I connected it to my computer using a DVI to HDMI cable. ) The picture quality on this TV is good. It's no top end 1080i picture, so dont expect a flawless picture if you have been spoiled by another. However the 720p picture quality i get from my HD channels is great. It took a little tweaking in the video settings to get the picture where i wanted it, and to be honest it wasn't good at all with the default settings. Spend some time in the menu system to calibrate the picture to your liking and i'm sure you won't be disappointed with the end result. My only complaint so far is that the sound quality is a little flat, however with enough tweaking in the settings I did manage to get the sound to a pretty decent level. Overall this is a great TV for the price. You are not going to find many other TVs of this size at this price.Great Bedroom TV
Its a good buy for the price I am very satisfied. However, beware if you order it to be shipped to your home it may arrive sooner than the projected arrival date which was great, except be sure someone is home because UPS or Fed Ex. (I cannot remember who delivered it) will just ring the doorbell once and leave it at your door step.Excellant Value for the price
Wanted to replace tube tv in bedroom. Worked out really well. HDMI inputs for Blue Ray player and receiver. Audio quality could be better. Picture quality pretty good for the price. My Den TV have a few more setup options, but overall and for the price, I'm happy with the purchase.Nice tv for the bedroom.
worth for money. cannot expect more than this. So far working fine.worth for money
I was skeptical when I bought this item, don't really but large electronics online . How ever for the price I must admit I am impress with this tv quality is good for a 720 sound is not good at all but could live with it for under $200 can't complain.Quick delivery, good condition I am very satisfied
I bought when the television was on sale and I was not disapointed.Best buy or the money
Probably could have been a little cheaper for it to be an off brand, but at the same time for the size decent price, mother in law loves it for her bedroom, picture is very clearpurchased as a gift
Shipping was quick.
arrived in good condition.
Set-up was easy & quick.
Overall I'm very pleased.very good for the price point
Wanted modest low cost HD TV to replace a very old CRT TV in guest bedroom. This 32" model serves my purposes. Picture is good, was easy to set up. Only complaint is poor sound quality.Meets my needs
A surprisingly light TV. It has very good picture quality and sound. It has features that some more expensive models don't have, like the view angle and a swivel base.This TV offers a very good value for the price
I purchased 2 of these TV's for each of my teen boys as Christmas gifts. They're a great value, great picture but, the sound is terrible. The speakers seem to be placed, facing down & back behind the TV. Also, no matter how high you set the bass it's never enough or you may think it's not even working. If you purchase you may want to invest in a surround sound system with additional speakers. It does have an earphone plug where you can add those small amplified computer speakers or headphones. Overall all it's a Great Buy though!Great Picture Bad Sound
Good price. Pretty good picture. Easy to set up. The sound is slightly lackingGreat TV for the price
Great tv for the price. Great pic and sound.great tv for the price
Good picture, and sound right out of the box. Easy adjustments through the settings menu.Great for the price.
It works just fine for a bedroom tv!For the price you can't beat it!
this is a great TV if you don't want to spent a lot of money. the pictures and the sound are very clear..this is a great TV.
This tv is wonderful! Only problem I have had is that every now and then you can see the light on the outside edge at the top if the screen.Great for a budget
It's good for the price but don't expect the best like I said its good for what u pay for it. Sound could be a little louder and picture a little more crisp but I'm using it without cableand remote is a little annoyinggood tv for the price
wonderful tvwonderful tv
I purchased this TV for my father-in-law because he has difficulty seeing the screen on his current television. This screen is very clear and large enough for him to see I would recommend this to a friendThis was a great TV for the value
We bought this for our teen daughter's room. She absolutely loves it, other than the sound. She says the picture is phenomenal.Good Deal, great picture
Attaching the stand was easy. Setting the channels was very easy. The picture is excellent and sound quality good. A very nice TV for the bedroom.Great TV!!
Purchased this TV to have an additional TV in another room. Hook up was very straight forward and the TV was ready to watch in less than 5 minutes after removing from the box. Picture is clear and the overal quality of the TV is better than what I expected for the price.Good product for the price
The picture is pretty great. The sound quality isn't the best but a set of computer speakers for $20 fixed that. The value is unbeatable.Great Value
I got 2 of these as Xmas gifts for my kids and loved them... For the price, these are awesome! So awesome, I ordered 2 more...Great TV for the price!
I bought 2 of these TV's for my school Library to loan out, and I am very please with them. Our maintance man had a challenge mounting them onto carts for me but as he always does he came through and now we have them on wheels going to classrooms. The only complaint I have had is that the speakers aren't loud enough, but I placed a seperate set of speakers on the carts and have taken care of the problem.Sceptre 32" TV
Its a Great low end value for a very usable 32" LCD TV. Bought this for my brother-in-law who lives with us and he is very happy with it. Better than basic features with good sound and picture quality. It will not match up to the best out there, but it is not priced to be compared with those TV. It is just a great TV for a cheap price that does the job every day. If that is what you have in mind than you can;t be fussy and you won't go wrong with this one.Its all about the price
Sound is poor. Picture is great. When I used my cable remote the sounds were better. Having to use cable remote is no problem. Just glad I had the codes to enter to make compatible.good product for the price
good product for the price. sound leaves a little to be desired but all in all good.32 inch tv
We brought the day after black friday for $167.00 Great deal the only down side is the Sound other than that I'm happy. however we've only had two weeks.Great for the Price
Happy with my purchase. Its not the greatest tv but it was $175 i got what i paid for. Overall pleased.Ok tv for good price.
Ordered this for my parents. placed the order on Sat late pm and the television arrived before lunch on Tuesday!! Had it set up in less than 30 minutes and they are very satisfied.exceptional for the price, arrived in 3 days
I'm pretty happy with the purchase of this tv. The tv is wicked light. The price was right. The picture is really nice. I read some comments about the sound, and they were right. Could be better, but for a bedroom tv, works just right.Nice tv for the price
Ok, I admit it. I am not an electronics guru. I bought this for my 13 year old as a Christmas gift last year based solely on price. During the summer he played Xbox with his friends nearly every day. There are HDMI ports for easy connection. The sound is good, the picture is good. We did set this TV up in the living room earlier this fall when there were two good football games on at the same time. In the side by side comparison our regular living room TV picture was far superior, then again, it was far more expensive. Honestly, had I never seen the two TV's together, I wouldn't have even noticed. I really don't think this TV can be beat on a combination of features and price. You want more, then pay more. Otherwise, buy this TV. I think you will be happy. I intend to buy a 2nd one for our bedroom.Great TV For The Money
CARRIED UP 17 STAIRS WITH NO PROBLEM ..GREAT DEAL..EASY TO SET-UP.GREAT TV FOR THE PRICE
This product came in very fast. Ordered online.decent product for great value during cyber Monday
Very good for the price. Was able to carry and get going by myself. This includes lifting it. It's lightweight.Very satisfied
I picked this up for the kitchen. Good picture and sound, especially for the price paid for it. Can't complain.Worth the price
EASY TO SETUP AND CLEAR INSTRUCTIONS.GREAT PRODUCT FOR THE MONEY
The television was inexpensive but the company has been around a long time and has good reports. It has features that my larger, more expensive TV does not and the remote is extremely intuitive and can be used without looking after only a short time.Good product for the price
I love the T.V I was lucky to get a great online deal , but only thing I did not like was with the free shipping my t.v was left in front of my door in the box it came in a clear bag not packaged for shipping, and anyone could see what it was and was not boxed for privacy or weather protection I will never use free shipping when you spend that amount of money you want to sign for it have it boxed , very disappointed on that other than that the t.v is great !Nice T.V
Wanted a flat screen for the bedroom, price was right so bought it for myself for xmas!Great TV for the value!
This tv is awsome, no disappointmentsgreat tv
So far it's gdttv
You can't go wrong for the price to value concideration.Best Bang for the Buck
I recently purchased this TV, I was a little hesitant as I've never heard as a Sceptre. Well this TV is great especially for the money, I purchased mine for $259.00 and it's excellent in my bedroom.The speakers aren't that great so I hooked up the TV to my sound system with external speakers and that took care of that problem. As I read through the guide book it says that this TV can be used with a sony remote so I presume it's made by sony. I liked this TV so much that I went out and purchased a 40 inch for my living room.I would recommend a Sceptre to to anyone. I forgot to mention that the picture on the TV is fantastic.Great TV for the price.
Great price, beautiful picture. The audio that comes out of it is not the best. Overall great value for the price!Good product
good productgreat t v for the price
My only complaint is that the swivel base seems a little wobbly and might not be great if you had it within reach of small children.Great value
Haven't had long enough to make a fair review but seems like all I espected for the money.Good value, Nice TV
I bought this tv for my son's birthday. He really likes it. I thought it was a little smaller than I expected. Overall, a great buy.Good product
Never heard of the brand but needed a TV for the bedroom so I took a chance. I did have a problem with the remote control of all things, IT WOULDNT WORK!! I was unable to use the controls on the side of the TV so I called Tech Support who offered an alternative connection from the TV to the cable box enabling me to program the cable remote to use w/the TV.
I am now enjoying a great TV in my bedroom.Good Value
I like the TV and Im really happy with it. It was a good choice to buy it for my room.Great TV for a good price.
cant complain about anything! fast shipping ,good price for the price I couldnt find anything better out there. Good features , good OTA tuner, I looked at several 32 sets over the past 6 mo. lots of i/outs , more than more exp. sets ! time will tell. OK.great mid level TV
Good TV for the price. Very decent image and sound. I bought it basically to use as Monitor for my Macbook but I am using it as TV too.Good TV for the price.
Bought this TV for my son and both he and I couldn't be happier.... Great value in a TV this size !!Great value in its class...
The sound is good for the most part. Gets a little tinny now and then. Have to aim the remote in a very direct manner to change channels etc. which drives me crazy. With my other TVs I don't have to be as precise with my aim. Otherwise a great TV for the money.This is a very good value for the money.
I was debating whether to buy a monitor or TV to have a bigger viewing area while working at my home office. I decided to buy the TV. 32 inches is the max you can have within 2 to three feet from your face.
This unit is the cheapest I could find. It has great picture. The sound is lousy. The laptop (Lenovo) has better speakers.
I am satisfied with this product so far.I am using this to connect to my laptop
Bought this for a beach house where it will not be watched much but was pleased with the quality for the price. Sound could be better, but it's fine. The only thing I don't like is there are no controls on the set. On-off, etc. could only be done with remote.Worth the low price.
Would suggest to buy for the great deal financially.TV is great; can't get sound right though.
Everything about the TV is good except the picture quality is not the best but for the price I would definitely recommend it.Good TV for the price
Glad I got itNice deal
Picture and quakity is great for the price i got it for.nice big picture and great sound
Overall good product however, when watching DVD's the picture color does not come through, color is in green. After making adjustments still no change.Good value for the price
I had this tv sent site to store worked well associates very pleasant and helpful. the tv is very good and easy set up factory set up was good very minor changes to suit me i agree sound is not great took it off surround sound much better my friends are impressed especially for the price. Im in my third week and im very happy any changes and i will post them.Very good tv for the price
This was a gift for my parents. Since their entire life doesn't revolve around watching tv, I didn't feel the need to spend a ton of money, but this is a great value for the money. It's everything they need and more.This is a great tv for the money!
Its ok, for anyone who needs a valuable HDTV and a HDTV, which only have most the features. The price is very good.nice HDTV for the price
I purchased this for my daughters new apartment - she picked it out.

I was very impressed with the prompt delivery and she has been very pleased with the TVthis was a gift
We needed to replace our 2 year old flat screen that cost way more but we didn't get the service plan (or I couldn't find it anyways). Lesson learned there. This TV is 6 inches bigger for $100 less so we could afford a 4 year service plan. Size is perfect, set up is easy but takes a while to go thru the channels so be patient. Works with our cable box, DVD/VCR and Wii just like the old one. Picture is pretty good....seemed a bit dark at first compared to old TV, so I brightened it with the controls. Works with old Universal remote. Use Sony code as others have commented in the questions section. Sound is from the back so it sounds a bit muffled, which is the only thing I don't really like, but since this is for the kids play room, I can live with it for sure. I would hestitate to buy the same one for our bedroom or main living room because of the sound quality.Price was right
An exceptional value at less than $200. I found the crispness of the picture a bit lacking, for an HD tv. I would buy again based on value for my buck,as it is a secondary tv for me.An excellent value.
Easy set up, great picture and sound, better tv than I expected. very light.pretty good tv for the money
Pros: This is a great TV for the price. It's a good size, has a good picture (a little dark, but, for the price)... I'd say that if you're looking for a budget TV, this is the one you want. It supports plenty of connections, too.

Cons: The sound is a little quieter than I prefer, but it still does pretty good.Great for the price
With the low price I was a little skeptical about buying this tv but decided to give it a try. Within a few minutes out of the box the tv was working great. I've only used it a few weeks so don't know how the quality will be in the long run.great product for the price
This product is good and easy set up.Great great for a price
Easy to install. Nice picture. Easy to use. Well worth the price paid.Very easy to use. Great price.
This a good price for this 30inch tv. Picture is clear and it was easy to get up and running.good value for the price
Works great fast shipping walmart talked the talk and walked the walk great price.Great picture
easy to set up, picture good, price goodgood product
I purchased this for my son's room, he originally had a Vizio 22". This TV is a good option for the price. Although our model was missing the letter "P off the front of the TV where it spells out the name Sceptre. The pic quality is fine, but the volume is very low. Overall for the price of this unit, this was a great value.
And my son loves it!Great for the price
Was unsure if the purchase at first since I have was not familiar with the brand but very happy as of now with the purchase.good buy
My husband and I bought this tv for our bedroom. The price was right and we took a chance, even though some reviews said the sound was bad. We have loved this tv. The pictures comes through clear and the sound is fantastic. We usually only have the sound turned up to 7 or 8 and you can hear it no problem. We used site to store and the tv came in 5 days, and it was packaged nicely and had styrofoam around it. I would definitely try the 40 inch Sceptre.Great TV for bedroom
The TV actually had very good picture quality and the sound could be heard in every room even at low setting. The picture quality was very good...equal to our Magnavox. I have read previous reviews where the TV died after 1-2 years of use... But I'm hoping this one will last. We loved the easy set up and the easy remote control. I bought this TV because of the price but my husband kept it because he thought it was a good TV and liked it.excellent tv for the price
I wanted a 32" flat screen, HD TV for our bedroom and didn't want to spend a lot of money. This TV works just fine for this application.A good value for a second TV.
This TV works perfectly in our apartment...The only thing is that CC function only works under cable TV but not HDML mode(don't know if I spell it right...). Picture and sound are even better than the TV that we had before!Nice price
I've only had this for a week and so far I'm enjoying it. The only reason I'm not giving it a 5 star review is because the sound wasn't as loud as I expected.Works fine for me
The only reason that I didn't give this tv five stars- a few months ago, I bought a 40 inch tv for the same price. It was the same brand, LCD- 1080p. I don't know why the prices have gotten jacked up- but- this is a great tv. The picture is crystal clear, unless you're sitting 2 ft. away or closer, then you do see some jagged areas. As far as the sound goes, there are actually settings that you can change in the menus on the 40 inch- not sure if this one has it or not, as it was a gift for my sister. I assume they most likely have the same settings though. If you go and read the reviews for the 40 inch, you will find a very helpful review of how to set up the sound quality settings for the best performance. As far as expectations, I wasn't expecting such a crisp picture, so that was great. Also, the weight of the tv- very light. Great tv!Great TV
Good tv got it for my son for Christmas. The only complaint is it's poor sound quality but u get what u pay for.Poor sound, good tv
Great for the XBOX360....son likes it's so that's good.....I have not tried HD with cable yetGood so far
Good price great product periodGood price great product period
The picture is very good, but the audio is has a tinny sound, adjusting the EQ settings helps a lot. It is still a good value for the costThe audio sounds tinny
Was deliverd quick and works good on air antena happy so far with everything speakers do not handle bass very well but externals are option when using eq turning down bass eliminates problem of rattleGood Deal
Great for the price. It is a little slow when you navigate between channels and screens but not a big deal. Picture is clear. Comes with HDMI ports and USB port-again, great for the price.
The included stand is really the only drawback-very flimsy but workable.Great TV for the price.
Not having really heard of Sceptre TV's, I was worried it wouldn't meet my quality standards, but it has a great picture, and pretty good sound too. And the best part of it all was that it arrived in 2 days instead of the 2 week estimated shipping, add in the exceptional price and I would definitely recommend.Television
I would recommend this product to anyoneGood TV, Great Price
TV works well. Colors are a bit off sometimes and sound is not that great, but it works out well for the bedroom. Would buy another one for this price.Great TV for a low price.
the picture is great but they need to work on the sound sometimes it buzzes and you cant turn it up cause it really is bad but overall its a good tv so far for the price.good for the price
Dont let the brand name fool you, its great quality, and great for the price!Great product
I gave it 4 stars because this TV's sound quality is poor, to improve the sound quality I added external speakers. The picture is great, and easy to set-up.Great picture, Terrible sound!
The picture is fantastic, the sound not so much. Easy set up. I am using this with antenna.SCEPTRE X322BV-HDR 32" LED Class 720P HDTV with ul
Picture was poor and Direct TV Tech was unable to correct. Product was returned to store.Product was defective.
Happy with the TV so far, but have only had it for a couple of weeks. Just like other reviewers mentioned, the sound quality is not the best, but considering the price it's fine. I have a surround sound system I hooked up to it and the sound works great. If it lasts me a couple of years I'll be happy with it. Picture quality is excellent.Good TV for the price.
The set up as easy. Has a good picture. I wish the volume was louder.Great TV for an extra room
The TV was a good investment for my 13 year old grandsons bedroom. It was easy to set up, the only problem he encountered was the screws for the stand did not fit, so we had to use some we already had. My biggest issue was the TV was delivered at a time I was not at home, and the delivery person just left the TV sittng on my front porch. I have only lived at the residents for a couple of weeks, and I was not pleased with how my purchase was delivered. Overall so far, I am pleased with the TV itself, and would recommend this to someone else.This was a great TV for the price.
Works great. No probs so far.It's a tv.
Quality not bad for price. For my 3 years old daughter and she is loving it.Not bad for price.
This is a good tv for its price. The sound and picture is perfect! I would recommend it to allGood Tv for a good price
Good product. Good value. Not happy with price drop of $10 in less than a week.Good product.
Overall this is a good TV for being in the lower price range. The only drawback is the sound ... it is not good. Fortunately they include a "backwards compatible" jack that allows you to connect the TV to an analog stereo device. I did this and the sound problem is overcome. Otherwise, this is a great TV and I didn't have to spend much money for it.Good TV for its price range
If you're looking for a good TV, with a good picture, at a good price, that won't make you feel as if you compromised on quality for price, you should get this set. It can do what ever you basically need a good flat to do and pretty well.Good Value!!
Pretty good TV. Worked as expected out of the box. Looks sharp and runs right. It is more than adequate as a replacement for my grandmother's dead TV. Sound is a bit tinny but gets loud enough for her to hear it. Can not speak for longevity as we just started using it, but hope it lasts a long time.Good TV for cheap
More tv than I expected for the money. I wish it had buttons on the tv though.A good tv for the bedroom or for a second tv
Although the whole "Site-to-Store" process was AWFUL, once I got the TV home, it's been great. It's crisp. It's clear. It came with everything that was stated, on the box. Putting it together took less than 15 minutes. I'd read where others had volume issues, but once my husband & I had changed the factory audio settings, we had no problem hearing the TV, even with a window a/c & a blower fan runningFirst Day... pretty impressed
picure size adjustment not goodgood for price
I appreciated the fact that I could get a 32" TV for under $200. I couldn't have bought it if it were more expensive. My family is very happy with it.The TV pleased my family a great deal.
great price for the budget, no problemsbought two tvs and for the price it was very good
I paid $179 for this TV and it looks great, easy to set up, and has multiple HDMI inputs. A great TV for the price.You can't beat this TV for the prie
Very good picture quality. As good as my 32" Sony Bravia. Speakers sound pretty flat, limited range, but not an issue as I use external speakers. On occasion I do hear a hum when no signal is present (before I go to the tuner or other active signal like DVD), but that is only when there is no signal so not that big of a deal. I ordered online for $180 and free shipping. Delivered to my door 3 days later. Overall very pleased for the price. If looking for quality video on a budget, this is a winner.Great Picture and Great Price
Am very happy with this tv. Setup was a breeze.Good tv for price.
Excellent tech support for set-up. No ethernet port, though, and that means you need to configure your wireless connections. The picture is not as clear as I'm used to with HD, but for the price, it's good enough. I'm very satisfied.Good quality for a low price
This TV has a good picture for the money. I was a little skeptical because I am not familiar with the brand but after reading the other reviews I ordered it. Glad I did.Good t.v. for the money.
haven't tried the tv yet but has all the hook ups for everything! so I have high hopes for the tv part of it.great monitor can't beat for the buck!
Good choiceok
only had it for two weeks , so far so good!! good picture quality ,sound is good. that's all i can say for now. so it to be continued .good buy for the money
I got this for our bedroom to replace an old 27" non digital TV. 32" was a perfect size. I was so surprised at the whole quaility of the TV. I even put it all together myself & installed it to the DVR. Intrructions were easy to follow. The sound is not as good as I had hoped but playing with the settings has improved on it. Enjoying rewatching all the movies I had recorded on the DVR...Just Beautiful and the price was right! Makes a good early Fathers Day gift for my "techno challenged" husband.Beautiful picture quaility for the price
It's an okay TV. Not the best sound quality and it takes forever to turn on. I got if for a really great price so it was worth it. I wouldn't pay full price for it.Good TV for the price
I bought this item as a birthday gift for my son and according to him everything about it is good.Good for the price
I haven't had the set that long, however, it has been great so far! I bought it to replace a tv in the bedroom. I was concerned about shipping a tv this time of year, but it arrived flawlessly. It doesn't have enough component connections as my last set did, but for the price, I worked it out. I hope it lasts as long as my last tv did.Great TV for the price
Great quality for price!TV
This is a great tv for the money. You just cant beat the price and you get a good tv.Great tv for the money
Only downfall was that it was scratched during shipping otherwise it was a great buyGreat tv for the price
Has a clear picture. I am well pleased with my purchase.Good TV for the money !
The tv is good. Unfortunately, when the tv came, the only thing in the box was the tv. I called the customer service number and they sent me the stand and remote and the manual.good tv
Another good buy from Walmart. It's good working and good looking TV screen. Plenty of hook up ports available and you can always run HD 1080p movies; using 720p inter-laced mode (set with your computers video software controls.) Again Hats off to Walmart for making TV affordable for everyday families.Plently Large enough screen
Good tv & great price for my young sonnice for kids room
We had avoided buying a new TV for quite a long time, and I had been holding out for something 1080p...this one came along about the same time we saw something similar at a friend's house and I realized I did not need to wait. The TV has a great picture and great sound...if you are looking to move into the flat screen era and have a very small budget, this is a good bet.A fine TV for those on a budget...
great product for the money clear picture easy manuelgreat product for the money
The tv was perfect for the price and the picture is great. Mom loved it for Christmas. My brother wanted it for himself and i told him Bro you to can buy your own.Mom loved it
no problems with tv great pictureNice tv great price
I now own 2 of these tv's and so far so good. Though I did have a middle 1 and it blew in 3 days...and back to my local Walmart to hash it out. WELL, it turn out better than I thought. The manager,MARK was very understanding that I wanted a tv THEN! They couldn't find one in the same price range, but went out of their way to please me. Mark threw me a gift card with the refunded price and then some. That proves:to talk to the man in charge". I didn't leave with a new tv, but I DID LEAVE HAPPY! I love my Walmart! Together 4 ever!Good enough 4 me!
Great valuegreat 32"
This is my second Sceptre TV. (I also own the next larger size.) Consumer Reports says the most important TV feature you should spend money on is its size. None of the other features comes close. So, both times we looked for the biggest TV for the money & ended up with Sceptres each time.

I've had the first for a year & it's great for the money. Ditto the second. I would almost say I don't know why anyone spends more except the sound quality of both Sceptres is really mediocre. You have to turn it up very high to get it just to a reasonable level.Great TV for the money. But lousy sound.
For sons on xbox one... they like it so there ya go!About as expected
good tv but a day after i had it the sound when outHD TV
I am very pleased with this tv for the price. Since getting it I have used my computer, xbox and tv.Wonderful tv for the price
I bought this when my den tv started to mess up got this one on cyber Monday for 149.00 this is a good little tv. my only regret is that it a 32'' been used to watching 42" and 46 wish it had been that size But if that is what you can get at the time it is well worth the 149.great little TV
cheap but, does job!!great bd tv
I bought this television, because we used them at work. The one in my office is great. The only problem I have would be the sound. We have 2. The sound on regular television is low compared when you watching a movie. Other than that, great tv for the money. I got this one for my nephew for Christmas. I asked him does he likes his tv, he said he loves it.Great television for a teenager.
Love the clear picture but the moniter is not as good as my former Sceptre~it had a better frame with good sound built in~should have checked the serial numbers. I would like an explaination about why the picture tube coup de gras after 36 months~know about planned obsolescence but that is ridiculous!Love this brand
Im very happy with my tvgreat tv
picture quality excellent.. Sound ok. I am very pleased with this product.I am very pleased with this product.
Priced right. Got what I wanted for the price I liked!Great value!
This product is great in the kitchen. I can turn it on its stand, so that I can watch it while I do the dishes.Good product for the money value.
bought two of these for our bedrooms. the only negative is the sound is a bit tinny. great picture and super simple setup. oh, did I mention the almost two for one price?great value
Beautiful picture but you have to turn the volume up to 30-40 to hear itWatching the tube
Looks great and works just fine. My son loves it.slim 32" Tv
for the $200 i paid for this TV it was not bad. first impression was the picture was a little dim and volume was not very loud. obviously if you want better quality, more options etc etc you will pay more. overall for the money i am very happy with this purchase.Great for the money
Great tv for the kids playroom.TV
Great picture, 3 HDMI connections. The sound, though adequate, is much better using external speakers and amplifier. Great value for the price!Excellent quality for a low price!
TV works great use it for my workout area. No problems so far. Only had for about a month though. HD is excellent. Sound is fairly good quality.Great value for price
I like the T.V.,it's a great buy for the price. I'm satisfied with the sound and picture. I also like that that the T.V. swivels. TGreat buy until I upgrade
Really can't go wrong with this TV...for the price of say it suits all of my needs and the picture is clearer than I imagined! good buy!Great for price
This is my first flat screen TV, so I have nothing to compare it to. It has a good picture. The sound is a little flat, but I use the "soft" setting and that seems to help. Will probably invest in some speakers down the road just to get some depth. For the price I paid, this is a very nice TV.Nice TV
Good value TVValue
Using TV as Monitor for my computer.......excellent picture....TV did not come with any cables...Great TV for the price......
Great picturevery nice
works great , great picture, only problem is pairing it to the Dish Remote.Sceptre 32" tv
Love it. Great picture and intallation very easy. Great price.Sceptre 32 in T V
A good tv for the price (very very low). Only thing is that there are not a lot of features like
extra timers to turn on off, etc. I does have a no activity timer where it will turn off after a while when no buttons are used if you set it to that.
Despite that, plenty of inputs and outputs, good picture, audio is loud and good.
Cant beat it for the price.Good tv for the price
The t.v. is rated at 750pv I wish it was rated at 1080p.for the price I can't complain
This tv was super easy to setup and is perfect for the bedroom. Sound and picture are great.Great TV For Bedroom
Love itTv
I am very happy with this TVgood buy
perfect fit for our needsHappy
For the money, great picture. Using this unit in our garage "man-cave". Husband very please with the unit.INDIANA
Bought it for a gift. She loves it!Great Buy on a Budget
I bought mine on line, on Black Friday. Used it for a week, and works well. I have my TV hooked up to a Verizon FiOS box, and to a Chromecast (since the TV has a USB port, I use that to power the Chromecast).

Overall I am happy with the picture. I was worried about the 60HZ refresh rate, especially with fast moving video (like a sporting event), but have not seen any issues.

The only draw back would be the sound. It plays well since my TV is in a cabinet and reflects the sound back to me. However it if was wall mounted, I would imagine you would need a sound bar.

Summary: For the price (169.00) and free shipping it was a good purchase.For the price cannot beat it
good price and productgreat picture
This is a great tv. I shopped around & since this is our first flat screen I figured why pay more for same features. I was a little worried about the brand since I wasn't familiar with Sceptre but I was not disappointed. Picture is very clear. My only surprise was the sound. Now remember I was changing from a big console tv. But I hooked up speakers to it & I have my deep rich sound.Why pay more??????
tv is in great working condition im very happy with our perchusegreat tv for my daughters bedroom
Was better than I expected. Nice sleek m bright colors. Comes with a stand and easy to operate. Got it for my son's room to play his games. He loves itNice for the price
Good price and nice looking tv. Good picture.Will know more once we have had them for a while
Perfect size for me! Great picture! Saves on power! :-)Great!
Best TV for the price only llittle slow turning channel but not that important it worth the price I own 2 of themBest TV for the price only
So far I've really enjoyed the television. Sadly it works better than the devices I have hooked up to it. Well worth the price and would recommend it to someone who wants a good TV. It's not 4k, but it's still a good picture. For the basics it works well.well worth the price.
WE BOUGHT THIS FOR THE BEDROOM OUR GRAND DAUGHTER STAYS IN WHEN SHE IS HERE. SHE LOVES IT. THE TV PICKS UP ALL AVAILABLE CHANNELS AND WAS EASY TO INSTALL. THE PICTURE IS GREAT ON THE TV.GRANDAUGHTERT
I bought the TV to use as an electronic photo frame. It does the job. The picture is good for television and video games also.Great 720p TV
I needed an inexpensive tv for a gift and this was greatgood tv quality for a bedroom
The TV has a decent color spectrum. Price was amazing. Has 3 HDMI ports (most this size and price only have 2) Chromecast works perfectly on this TV as well. So far, I would recomend this TV to friends and family.Much better TV than I expected for the price!!!!
Price is great for product , I love how its so slim , picture quality is OK . I would buy it again if needed .Parents Christmas Present
As good as i had Expected / And a GREAT Price / Arrived a WEEK Earlier than was Expected / I Highly Recommend this product !VERY PLEASED
The picture quality is excellent at 720 pixel resolution. The sound quality is not as good sounding slightly tinny. Overall this appears to be of excellent quality. The assembly is simple and it even ships with its own screwdriver.Very good at this price range
I liked the tv itself, delivery was great service. Buy you are missing a part, I know that it is wall mountable but i was using it like that. I did not come with the base base stand to actually stand up , so i still have not even used it, as i am handicapped and need help with returning it, to get a a replacement. Also i just assumed that all flat screens no matter the brand came with a remote, this one didn't have one in the box. It is a beautiful tv, again great delivery but lacking quality on overall productbeautiful but missing
Great tv for the priceGreat picture
I agree with a lot of the other reviewers. The sound is horrible, but if you you are using an external sound system, this unit is great. I am using it as a third TV for the grandkids and have my 80's Coleco and Atari systems along with a VHS connected to it. Grandkids love it and don't seem to be bothered by the the substandard sound quality.Great Value
Great Value, good picture..BUT....terrible Audio., can't get a lot of volume and the sound is lousy. I have to get a separate sound system now. If a company can put together a quality TV such as this, they could have made quality sound.tv
bought this tv for my mother for christmas. she needed an upgrade! has a nice picture!mamma's tv
Great tv for my four & 1/2 year olds room. Great priceSleek
Provides what I needed without all the complications, picture is crisp love the sound. Works well with my roku or with antenna.Worth every penny
Nice tv for the value I paid which was 159.00Nice tv
a good value for the quality of the TVGreat Tv for the price
Just got this like a couple of weeks. The picture looks good to me while available features are sufficient for its price. Just like a lots of review out there, the sound is a bit on the weak side. Normal watching is adequate but when you try to run on treadmill and listen to it, it is not cutting it. Overall,I like this TV for the price I paid for it.Decent TV
My only problem with the TV is the volume.It doesn't go high enough.great price
I was a little worried about this TV but when I received it, I really like it. The picture is good but it does not have a lot of features but for the price you can't beat it. I really like the 3 HDMI ports it has.Good TV
You can pay for the name of a "name brand" , or pay less for this with equal satisfaction .
My second one , first was a 40" going strong for several years now , this 32" just hooked up .
Only "caveat" a flimsy remote , but so what , worst case it can be replaced (though haven't needed to do so to date on either set) .As Good As The Higher Priced Ones
This is a Christmas gift & is curently wrapped & waiting for Santa ask after ChristmasChristmas gift
Exactly what I needed, with a great price!Great tv for the price
These are gifts for my granddaughters so I can not rate these specific tvs. Though I have the same brand in a 40" (1080) LCD and have had it for 9 months and am very pleased with it.Brand seems to be quite good and great price.
Purchased this TV for use in bedroom. The price was very attractive. At 720 resolution, I was a bit skeptical that the quality would be good but was pleasantly surprised when I got it hooked up and started using it. The picture is very very good - sharp, no distortion. The speakers are on the low end and sound a bit "tinny" but for a bedroom TV, the sound is acceptable.

No problems with setting up and getting it up and running. I will likely purchase another one for another spare room.

It's only been in use for about 30 days, so I cannot comment on longevity, but it looks like a very good buy at least at this point.Very good value - good picture
Great tv for the price. Picture quality looks greatgreat
Very nice tv for the price, easy and early delivery.Top tv
Looks & sounds great! Has plenty of HDMI ports as well, my son loves his new tv!!Great product!!
i was worried buying this Tv, the reviews went back and forth. So far this TV has been great, we also bought a Roku 3, with it and we have had no issues at all.great TV
I stood in line for over an hour for this TV and it was well worth it. For $98 it is a great TV! We have enjoyed it as it is our first flat screen. The first TV had a line going down the screen but Walmart made it easy to return and get a new one and it works great! The sounds isn't perfect but we will probably eventually get some speakers to fix that. Overall, we are very pleased with the purchase.Great TV for the price
The picture quality is not the best. But, overall a good TV.Good Tv for the price.
Looked everywhere. This is the lowest price for this size. Excellent picture when Wii U is used. But if I play local news on regular cable a little grainy.best price for 32"
the tv was well packed...everything i needed to set it up, including a screwdriver for the base. there was no HDMI cable included, however, i had some from my precious tv. great sized screen for a medium sized roomgreat tv for those who are not so tech savvy
I love this tv amazing picture, wonderful sound 3 hdmi inputs, multiple hook ups did not look for vga so not sure if it has that. I didn't like the fact I had to put the stand to the tv together myself so for this reason it is hard to make it as tight or loose as it should be other then that wonderful item.entertaining
I bought this last week, shipping was slow it seemed and found out that it had arrived three days before and didn't get email confirmation. All around good tv, no S jack input for an older dvd but its all good. Color is great in HD, I have true HD cable thru Direct TV. Very solid tv, not bulking. The slimline appearance makes it nice when mounted on the wall. Bought three year warranty, still waiting for it to show in an email.Great tv for the money!
I have had it about two weeks. Picture is good. Great value for the money. My only complaint is the sound isn't very good but I just ordered a soundbar to go with it.Great value for the price
... replacing a 26" TV - much better picture size for a larger room area - good quailty - easy to set up and operate -... great value for the size -
easy to assemble, I did it myself,Execellent and a bargain.
The size was perfect and the ease of use is fine not rocket science.the tv was a gift
Had to buy a Tv since our old one died- it was 10 yrs old. Still not a fan of the flat screens but that is no fault of this unit personally. As far as this tv goes it has a decent picture & the sound is good w/ out additional speakers. (Channels are so up & down w/ their own volume level its hard to tell if surround sound would help) But I would recommend this TV to anyone buying a new one. Granted I have only used it about a month- But it has served the purpose & is easy to turn on & use immediately.Nice TV for the price
good tv so far, the stand that it comes with is very flimsy, it has a nice picture, and good sound, overall im satisfied with the price..good tv for the price
Great product but had to buy a sound bar. Not very good sound.Great TV
Great tvtv
MY SON LOVES IT FOR HIS GAMING AND IT ALSO HAS A GREAT PICTURE FOR MOVIESGREAT PRICED PRODUCT
It's a very nice television for the price. Wish I knew I needed a sound bar for better sound quality.Good value for the money
Great for the money. This was a gift. I have two from 2 years ago, still pleased.TV
I purchased this to use as a 2nd monitor at work, for a laptop. I needed a TV with VGA input, which this one has. So far I've been impressed with the picture quality and overall it meets my expectations.Just got it, but works great!
It was delivered to my home, and it did not take much time to put it together and connecting it to my antenna. No problems so far - of course it's only been a couple of weeks. So far no negative things to say about this product.CAN'T BEAT THE PRICE - GOOD PICTURE
Bought this TV simply from the great reviews I read. The picture is awesome!! The TV itself is just a bit flimsy on it's little stand but living alone I'm not worried about it. It turns to the left and right which will come in handy during those days when the sun is hitting it. Love that.Great picture
Great for our requirements....TV is in a guest room. Did pay extra for faster shipment but it did not arrive on the day specified....probably will not pay extra for faster delivery in the future.Good Value...easy setup.
UPS destroyed this tv in transit. walmart replaced it and shipped it with fedex and it arrived quickly . it is very lightweight. seems to work well and cant beat the price.had to be replaced
I purchased this tv for my bedroom. Picture is exceptional, voice is not. Voice is tinney. I did my best to adjust this but it is still not good. I didn't pay a lot of money for this tv so it is ok. The voice is not right but acceptable. I purchased one for my son last year for Christmas and it is still running fine so I expect this one to be the same.Good tv
The picture is good. I also love that my xbox, BluRay, and Cable box hooks up to the 3 HDMI slots. I hooked up my surround sound to it and I have a nice little theater in my small living room. Good quality picture and colors. I like it. Easy to navagate menus and the remote is huge and colorful. Very good deal for the price I paid. :)A good deal for a decent Flat Screen Tv
Bought as a secondary t.v., didn't want to spend a lot but wanted quality. Good television for the price! It also has a nice selection of connection ports!Nice buy!!
Excellent price and productsceptre x322bv
Can't quite get the picture right on my grandma's dish network since she doesn't have hd. Have to live with borders or losing some of the text since she likes sports the text thing needs to be there. Had it like a month. Hopefully it out lasts the samsung that was only good for maybe 2 years. And one of those she was in the hospital and wasn't using it. Why I tried this brand I have given up on samsung.so far so good
I got this for my bedroom and I didn't want to spend a lot of money on a TV I won't watch that much. The picture is great. I actually like it better than the expensive TV in my living room.Great tv
Great picture and great priceWorth every penny
I like that the company included a screwdriver in the packaging. That was very helpful and allowed me to connect the base of the TV easier. It took me less than 5 mins to assembly the base and attach it to the TV. The picture and volume is good. The only issue was setting up the TV with local cable. But it was resolved.clear picture and easy to assemble
I just needed a TV to put in my bedroom to have to watch TV before I fall asleep. For the price the TV serves its purpose just fine. No issues with it.Overall not bad for the price
FOR THE PRICE REAL CLEAR PICTURE, THE SOUND IS JUST OFF, NOT ENOUGH BASS.GREAT PICTURE
Great view , very nice look , picture quality is great, sound is amazingLite TV
I was looking to get a TV for the bedroom. This is a great bargain and the picture is great. A solid value! Just has the sound issue.... the audio is lacking. Got this same brand in a 55in for the family room (on sale) and added a surround sound package. Now it rocks!Looking for a good value
PICTURE IS NICE, SO NICE TO HAVE A FLAT SCREEN TO TAKE UP ALLOT LESS ROOM, I HAD A GOOD TV AND WAS GOING TO WAIT TO BUY ANOTHER ONE BUT THE LOW LOW PRICE GOT ME AND IT CAME REALLY FAST SO I AM VERY SATISFIED. THE ONLY THING IS THE SOUND IS NOT GREAT.NICE CHANGE
I think I've made a great purchase with this TV. I had a hard time getting the internet to work & had to pay an online company $69 to get it working. After that it was OK.GREAT TV
Lightweight and pretty good value for being not expensive.Good TV for the price
This tv is a pretty awesome deal. The picture is really good. The sound is horrible. You have to pretty much turn it all the way up to max 100 when watching movies. I have exceptionally good hearing and find myself doing this often. I typically use the television for gaming, and the sound seems to be fine for that.Great Picture
I bought this T.V. for the bedroom. WE just got it , but from what I can tell it is a good value for the price. Its light weight so hangs on the wall. I really like the T.V.Great value for the price
Picture is fine. Sound is poor. You won't want to listen to any music stations on this tv but it's fine for regular programming. Simple set-up. For the price, it's a great little flat screen. However, I've only had it for a couple weeks. So far, so good.Good tv for the price
We purchased the TV for our kitchen and it works very well. The bezel on my set is black not brushed metal.
My only complaint is that the sound quality could be better, I would rate it as average.Almost a five star
Awesome purchase for the amount charged, tv is only 720p but has a great picture and three hdmi ports on side. No complaints. Was worried about brand. But it's greatGreat buy
Bought as a gift for parent where use will be moderate. Picture was good. Liked the remote is ready for additional things like DVD and soundbar. Even came with decent screwdriver for base assembly. Not sure I would want for main, heavily used TV, but would recommend as a bedroom or kids set.Sceptre 32" LED
TV came 8 days earlier than expected!! Awesome delivery service.

I planned on using using this for my PC and now that I've figured all of the settings out, I really like it.SCEPTRE X322BV-HDR 32" LED Class 720P HDTV with ul
Was 3 Stars for the TV but the price made it 4 stars. Picture is excellent sound is below average but my 16 year-old son loved it as a bday gift . Cant go wrong for $159.99.A no Frills LCD HDTV with an awesome price
I got this TV for a gift, it has a great picture and was super easy to set up. Only problem I've had is syncing my cable remote to the TV. If that's my only issue than I have no true complaints!Great TV for the price
I have no issues with it. Screen is good.Sceptre
Fantastic TV for the price. Good qualityBed room TV
Not as sharp as I thought it would be, but definitely a good value for the price. I read all the reviews via Walmart.com and Sceptre.com and most of the concerns were the same. Outside of the sharpness that I would expect on a HDTV, it didn't disappoint.Great for a 2nd TV, bedroom or kids room.
I have purchased three of this particular model tv, the first 2 years ago at $249 so at Walmart's current price it is a real bargain. I have had no problems with any of the tv, they all worked fine right out of the box. I must point out that you are buying a 720p tv and you get a picture as good as you can possibly get with this technology which more then meets my needs, however it is not a 1080p tv.Great tv for the price.
I am very happy with my new tv. It is a great value for the size! The picture quality could be a little clearer but not that big of a deal. I would recommend to everyone.Great price for the size.
All I wanted to be Great pictures and sound and all the features I wantedVery nice unit It was all I would need
Bought this tv for the bedroom. The picture in HD is very good. Would recommend this product to my friends or family.Nice second tv. Picture quality quite good.
goodgreat for price
For the price it's a steal! No complaints from me, solid tv and it won't break the bank!Solid for the price!
Great for the money. Sound is not great but a soundbar remedies that. Picture is awesome. I would recommend.Pass the Scepter Sceptre
Once connected to my satellite, this tv has a great picture.Great deal
This is the first wide screen TV that I have had and I am pleased with it. There are some features that are hard to work or doesn't work at all but they do not interfere with the quality of the picture so I consider for the price I paid, it is was a good buy. The tech help at Sceptre are not too friendly when I called but they did help me in setting everything up and I know they will be there if I should need them again.Pleased
I paid $160.00 for this TV and it is well worth every penny (and more but I won't tell Walmart, they'll get cocky).

Pros:
Lightweight, easy to set up, good picture, cheap.

Cons:
Initially the sound was a tad weak but with some light Audio setting tweaks it is now much better and I have no issues. Still not as great as if you were to buy a higher priced tv, but come on.. you get what you pay for.Good TV, Great Price.
Fantastic productHello
easy to put on base, light weight, good valuesceptre 32" tv
Great picture. Sharp ...but the sound in this tv is a little weak. Ended up using inexpensive speakers to it.Nice tv
This TV exceeded most of my expectations. For the price I was not expecting a whole lot of options. However, I was glad to see that a majority of options on higher priced TVs were were available on this one. Absolutely recommend this TV if you want a flat screen with HD on a budget. The only complaint that I have is a sometimes touchy remote control.Great TV for the price...
the only thing we found wrong with it is that it has a white spot on the bottom left corner not sure why.good quality at an affordable price
Was shopping for an inexpensive tv for a grandson. Took a chance on this tv since I had never heard of the brand "Sceptre". The color is vivid and great reception. We both are happy customers!!!Quality TV
I bought this tv for my momma and she now watches while laying in her.nightime tv
great tv for price sound not good other than that good tv for pricegreat picture
this was a good purchasegood buy
This is a great TV for the price. The only reason I didn't give it five stars is because the sound is not the greatest. I had trouble hearing a lot of the things we were watching. We bought a sound bar and hooked up to it and that helped A LOT with it. Otherwise we haven't had any trouble with it. It is very light weight and set up took less than 10 minutes to complete.Great TV for the price
I love it. Now I can read the guide without having to sit at the foot of my bed!Great TV for a bedroom
Easy to set up, light weight, great picture! very satisfied!You gotta watch!!
Overall this is a nice tv for the price. The sound needed some adjusting as it was hard to hear from a distance if there was any background noise. The picture is sharp and clear.Nice TV
The product arrived as promised. Setup is straight forward. My wife and I are getting older and the volume on this TV must be at 100% for us to hear. I contacted support about the volume problem and there suggestion to solve this problem was for us to make an additional purchase of a sound bar to fix the low volume problem. The TV has been working fine other than the low volume problem. If you have young ears this is a great buy for this TV.The price was right.
Bought for visiting parents so I can set up my spare laptop and Google reVue with it so they can have their own TV to use as my little one has monopoly over the big TV. Got this at a great deal - $169. Have owned it for over a week now. The only disadvantage is the low sound quality. But I already have a surround sound system sitting unused - will hook it up and it is all set.

Will definitely recommend as a 2nd TVA good 2nd TV
Bought one a year ago and cannot beat the value. Very dependable as it was for my sons room and so far has withstood the abuse. Low energy use also.My second one. Good value
Good picture would not know it is only a 720 pic second one I have bought NO problems so far . First one bought a year ago
i

\best buy and never leave the house
Replaced a 26 inch bedroom tv. Price was too good to pass up. 3 HDMI inputs is a plus. It also has a good picture, only question mark I may have is the remote. seems cheaply made?Sceptre?
gift. I was somewhat leary due to the low price. I went to my local Walmart store to look at one. They didn't carry this brand in the store. I read alot of the reviews and decided for the price to take a chance on it. I received the TV in just a couple of days and took it to my home and used it for about a week. After adjusting the color to my liking, I was very impressed and didn't experence any of the problems that were written in other reviews. I might by another one for me.I bought this TV for my mother as a Christmas
I had a Vizio plasma that went bad...there is a big difference between the plasma and LCD, but it is a great TV, and I'm happy with it.Not bad!
Video is very good. Sound is decent. Setup is very easy.Good TV for the money
Bought this TV for a guest bedroom. It was the lowest priced 32" LCD TV I could find. It exceeded my expectations in all areas but one. The viewing angle is not nearly as good as other flat screens I have used. However; in a bedroom, mounted on a wall directly in front of the bed it serves its need wonderfully. Excellent value!It's adequate for my needs.
The unit had a problem but they replaced it promptly and had great communication..Good deal
I am very pleased with my television. It has an excellent picture. It was very easy to hook up to other components.Great value, excellent picture, sound average
The only complaint I have about this tv is the included stand is cheaply made and does not support the tv. My tv is lopsided because the stand is too weak to hold the tv upright. Now I'm shopping for a wall mount since the stand is a piece.Stand doesn't hold the tv upright
son was very pleased with his TVgood tV
I bought this TV for $209.95 and for that amount of money this is a great bedroom TV. I would not want this as the main household TV because the picture is no where near as good as my plasma 50".

Set up and installation was a snap and the controller is easy to use.

Features are what you would expect for the money.Good value for the money
We were worried about the new brand name, but once the TV came we enjoyed it. If you use an HDMI cable the sound and picture are wonderful. Sure, there are better TVs for a higher price, but for us this TV is great!Great TV for the price
this is my first Flat TV, had it for over a week. Everything I expected. I liked that it had the ports to connect to my laptop, just need the right cable. Can't say the sound is great cause I feed the sound through my stereo.Excellent for the price
It's a decent t.v. It does the job it's intended to do. For the price, I'd recommend it to others.Good purchase!
Fast delivery, the tv screen stays on, good picture quality, easy set-up. The only problem is the sound is horrible I have to connect it to my stereo surround system for better sound but overall I love my new tv.Good buy!
I bought this for my husband for his birthday. He seems to be very happy with it. My only complaint would be that the picture could be a bit sharper.Nice TV for the price.
I am very impressed with the picture quality. Very easy setup. Lots of input options. Great TV for the price.Very pleased
I purchased the TV for my RV and it was an excellent buy. Clear picture, nice looking, BUT, the sound level is not good. I am older and my hearing is not what it used to be but the sound adjustment is not good. The TV has to be turned all the way up to the Max setting to hear normal voices. I have tried all the settings, but no luck.Very good -- except
Very nice TV. Picture quality is great. Well worth the price. The only negative comment is the volume should be able to go louder.32" sceptre tv
The set up was easy. The sound quality very good. It took a bit to adjust the color and contrast but it's fine. I am using this as a secondary TV in my bedroom. I don't have all the cable channels as in my living room but do get up to 70 + channels n my bedroom. I am very pleased with this product. I did have to call the help line to sort out the system for cable TV and had to call more than once. It almost seems as though the help is simply one or two people if that. He was pleasant when I reached him and resolved my question.Such a deal!!! For the price this is a deal.
I was a little hesitant due to other reviews but i figured i can always return it. Im glad I bought this tv! I have it in my bedroom so I use it daily and it works great. Easy set up good picture and sound. The sound on the tv is very loud though!Great tv for a great price
My grandson loved it for his XBOX and the TV for his room. I do have a HUGE ISSUE with the large yellow sticker that is stuck to the front of the TV not on the screen but on the frame that is IMPOSSIBLE TO REMOVE WITHOUT RUINING THE FRAME. Why would the manufacturer place a NON REMOVABLE STICKER ON THE PLASTIC FRAME. At first we thought it was a floor model but it was sealed in the box. I will also be sending a complaint to the Sceptre company as this total ruins the look of the TV.Good TV
I've had the same TV since I was 7 years old so compared to a 16 yr old Orion television this is definitely an upgrade. A lot of people were commenting on the sound quality, but it's great. I've been told I'm deaf and I have to turn it down so that's saying something. I don't have HD but the picture quality is still nice. Probably would be even better with HD. I hooked my Xbox up and love it! Great TV for the price.Great Buy!
A decent tv, not the best of course. It is made cheap, you can feel that. But I dont care, as long as I can watch anything. Why would I pay 400-500 for a well-known brand tv when I can get the same pleasure from Spectre?Good tv
I got this for my nine yr old son and for him i think it is perfect for his room to play his ps3 on. Only thing off top i could tell was the audio was a little low so you had to turn it up quite a bit but other than that its good for the price!Good tv
For the price, this TV is a deal. That being said, the picture quality is not the best but it is acceptable. I am sure if it was hooked up to HDMI it would look better. The only issue I have really had with the tv is the stand. Even when screwed on the TV tilts to the side a bit.You get what you pay for.
Playing great for a week, easy hook-upso far, so good!!
We've only had this a month or so, but we really like it so far. The picture is good and mounted easily to the wall with the bracket we bought. It's fairly high up on our bedroom wall and the sound can't be classified as great, but most tvs don't have great sound without a speaker system, I guess. Overall very happy with it.Great quality for the price
I've been watching my new TV for about 3 weeks now. Everything about it is good except, like other reviewers mentioned, the sound quality is not great. This is my first flat screen TV and after talking with other people who own flat screens, I understand the sound quality of flat screen TVs is an issue with most of them. I noticed when I have the volume turned up past a certain point, the sound gets so "tinny" sounding it actually hurts my ears. Maybe someday I'll buy a sound system to overcome that issue; for now, I just keep volume slightly lower than I'm used to.Good TV for the Price
Great TV for the price.Great value
Remote seems to work sporadically, could be the cheap batteries that came with it. Had to hook up powered speakers to get enough sound to hear well. Picture quality is excellent.Sound Level Low, Great picture.
I purchased this TV for my wife for Christmas, to use in the room where she works. It replaced a 31" CRT TV formally in that location. It fit perfectly in the space where the old TV sat. She says how much easier it is to see the picture, as it is so much clearer, She also says the swivel base and the lighter weight makes it easier to turn to face wherever she is in the room. So far we have had no problems, but it has only been set up for one week.Good Inexpensive TV
its doing the job in my son roomgood flat 32 tv
Bought this TV for my kids room and its working just fine, Thanks Walmart. ..Great for the Price
so far its been good picture, sound and great size for her.good tv for my 10 yr. old granddaughter
Have only had this tv a couple of weeks. Right now I have absolutely no complaints. I viewed it in the store before I bought it online, so I could compare it to other brands. I wanted an RCA, but this Sceptre's picture was far superior to the other brands in store. Hope it stays this way. The sound is just a bit tinny, but nothing I can't deal with.So far, so good!
the picture quality is as good as the tv i paid twice as much forgreat tv for the price
We bought this for my mother for Christmas and I must say that I am impressed with the TV. Very nice picture, the sound quality could be better but it's loud enough to suffice and my mom doesn't care about 1080p 120hz, she just needed a larger TV and this one was perfect. It would be a great TV for a bedroom. Wouldn't be my first choice if I was putting together a home theater but for about $220 you CAN NOT beat this one folks.Pretty nice TV
I read reviews before buying and even got warranty since I never heard of this brand. I think this is a great television. Picture and sound are wonderful. Very good buy and can compete with other brandsGreat for bedroom
Of course, the 720p Sceptre is not the quality of my 1080p VISIO but for the price I paid, this was a great purchase. The TV was quick and easy to set up. I was watching television in less than 15 minutes. The only negitive was the sound quality. This is a good buy for a second tv set or for those practical consumers.Great product for the price.
I have seen better TVs, but for the price, nothing could beat it!Great Deal
When you 200 for a tv, you aren''t expecting the best ... for the price it was a good value.good for the money
No complaints. It was well worth the price.

It is surprisingly light to be an LCD (LED's are much lighter).
The volume of this thing is ridiculously loud - at 50% it is much louder than I can ever imagine anyone wanting a TV to be. Usually you don't go over 10% for a normal listening level.Great Bargain
I really recommend this tv to everyone, you won't find anything better for the price.
The quality is good and for the bedroom the size is perfectGood choice
I previously had a 32" Vizio in my bedroom... The Vizio did have a sharper image and truer colors than this Sceptre. Also better sound.. That being said, this still isn't a bad TV, and you definitely save some money with it. It's still a good investment.Good for the price
great tv for the game system in a bedroom,,,widescreen view and digital, I can't say if it would work for a hard core gamer, but my youngster is happyperfect upgrade for my sons gaming system
If you are looking for a 720 rating hdtv, this one is a good value. Time will tell if it is dependable but my experience so far has been good.A good value, easy to setup, meets expectations
Reviewing this from a gaming point of view:

Bought this primarily for PS3 via HDMI. Needs good amount of adjusting the picture settings (especially the sharpness settings which can greatly effect the quality of the picture, I recommend setting it on the lower end). But after that the picture quality is very good. Ghosting is not a big issue while playing (got it shipped and because of that it was out in the cold, picture was ghosting a lot but only because the lcd was cold after it warmed up ghosting not a big issue). Sound is average. TV has extra capabilities like playing music, photos, etc off a USB drive. Bought it on sale for $209. Great tv for the price.

Blu-rays movies also look good on this tv.Good price. Good TV.
I ordered my TV during the Thanksgiving Sales and was pleased with the price. This was the TV I wanted and had researched because of all of the plug adapters on the back. The colour is off and I am adjusting that, picture is set too Magenta but can be adjusted. Also there is distortion of about 10% which make the figures fatter. I have not found a way of readjusting that as yet. I was easy to assemble and packed excellently. For the price it was a good buy.Good Value
The TV has a great picture and the sound is pretty good. Overall a great purchase.Great TV for the price
My 13 YO son bought this for his room to play his X-Box 360. Overall it has a very nice picture, very simple to setup, plenty of HDMI inputs and looks nice. A great value for your money. The only problem is the sound. It is terrible. I didn't expect much, being the TV was the cheapest we could find, but this reminds me of the sound that comes from the old single speaker transistor radios. We intend to buy some type of add on speaker or sound bar to supplement this.Overall Great Value, But Sound...Not so much
I placed the order for my TV on a Thursday and I wasn't suppose it to receive until the following Wednesday, but Wal-Mart delivered it to me on Saturday. I was shocked to open my door to find my TV being delivered so soon. And the price was GREAT!! How often can you find a 32" tv for $210, hardly ever. Thanks Wal-Mart!!!Great Television, great price
I didn't have $500-$1,000 to spend on a TV for my bedroom. I chose this Sceptre after reading online reviews. I am extremely happy with this choice -- great quality, great picture, great sound .... Very satisfiedGreat value for the price
For the price it's great my 13 yr old loves itHad it for about 3 weeks now it's working good
Bought this tv for my bedroom. It turned out to be much better than expected. The picture in HD is every bit as good as my larger and much more expensive LG. Only downfall is the sound is a little weak....but not overly disappointing given the price.Exceptional Value
This is excellent buy for the price love it.. Only reason im giving it a 4 is because after I bought this tv I seen they have one led instead of lcd for only ten dollars more and also seen 40inch 1080p for 100 dollars more.. If I would of done a lil more lookin around before I made purchase I prolly would of spent little extra cash but regardless im happy with this television and probally will keep it becuase im lazy and dont want to go through hassle of returning it and waitin for anotherGreat for 2nd tv or for a bedroom
I have had this TV for about 30 days. I bought it for the bedroom but the 32" is large enough for my living room. Picture and sound are excellent and I am very pleased with the price. Easy to hook up to internet and BlueRay WIFI DVD player and my satelite dish.inexpensive, great quality
I finally broke down and decided to purchase a flat screen.
I was a bit skeptical about this television because of the low price but I opted for the 3 year extra warranty and decided to purchase this. So far so good! I have had it for two months now and have not had any problems with it.Pretty good for the price
The Bad:

1) Don't like that "Sceptre" appears when you first turn on the TV.
2) Slow Start when you first turn on your set.
3) Poor stand, quite loose and screen wobbles too much. Company is sending another one.
4) Picture is slow to appear when you go from channel to channel.
5) Easy to attach stand, but directions are rather confusing.

The Good:

1) Terrific price, paid $129.00
2) Quality of picture is excellent.
3) Good sound.
4) TV menu is easy to follow.
5) Several practical features.

One ridiculous item......Walmart sent me this review email, the same day I picked up the TV. They need to wait at least a week so the customer has ample time to check out the product.Perfect Size For Bedroom
Very nice TV only the volume should be able to go up a little higherWas skeptical but, it a nice Tv
Extremely easy setup - could be called "Stupid Proof". Good color and contrast.Excellent value for the money.
I wanted a TV for our bedroom. It is the perfect size, picture is not the best. But works in the bedroom. Sound is OFF THE HOOK!! Even on the lowest setting, it is clear. Overall, I am very happy with this purchase!Great TV for bedroom
I would of really liked this tv. It was the lowest priced 32" I could find. The only problem was when I received it there was not a stand in the box. I ordered on the Walmart site to store. Well I contacted site to store and they told me it did not come with a stand, but I brought it to their attention that the advertised tv showed a stand and the box said it came with a stand. I could of returned it and waited a week or so to receive a replacement but my local Walmart gave me another tv which cost alot more in trade for the no stand one. Kudos to Walmart of great customer service!Nice TV for the lowest priced 32"
I have had this for about 2 weeks. The remote is kind of an old design and the remote is very directional. The tuner is good with an amplified antenna I get about 20 digital stations in my urban area of St Louis. The sound is kind of tinny, it can be tweaked, but depending on the source it's loud and I've had difficulty turning it down enough in the bedroom to be courtesy low. The picture can be dark depending on the movie but it's got me to be cable free with my Roku, Netflix and Hulu Plus in 720p in HD. Very pleased overall with the purchase. I got the extended warranty (which I usually never do) since the TV is cheap and $20 for 3 years is reasonably priced.Excellent bedroom TV with tuner
I bought this tv for the bedroom and for the price, the picture is outstanding and the size just right for a dresser top. Since all we use it for is strictly for watching tv, sound quality, picture quality meets our needs. Delivery was fast, and box was in great shape when it arrived.Great picture, great price!
I was looking for a pc desktop monitor and wanted to up grade to a 24"
They ran around $200. I got this 32" for $179. The picture is great.
I can't really say how it works as a TV but as a monitor this rocks!Great value of the money!
I wish it was easier to set up but I have not had the time to spend on it to get all of my cable channels set up correctly. I don't like having some channels that have duplicates like 16-1, 16-2 and so on. That is stupid but it is probably because I have not sat down and figured it out yet.It is a good buy for the price
This TV is basically everything you could ever want for a simple LCD flatscreen. Being a gamer, most of the important TV features to me are picture, sound, and ports.

The picture quality is great for the TV, just what you would expect from 720p with an HDMI cable. Xbox 360's work wonderful with the TV. There is no noticable input lag at all between the controller press and the action that takes place, and this TV has 2ms greater input lag than my previous HDTV.

The only reason this didn't get 5* was because at times, the speakers sound a bit tin-ny, but considering the size of the speakers I suppose that's to be excepted. They are a fantastic quality though, they just can't properly create high-pitched sounds (from like orchestral choir, etc.). But this is a minimal issue, as I don't usually keep the volume past 12 (which is plenty loud enough to hear in a house filled with 4 little kids) and sounds that high usually aren't common. the other thing are the ports. While there is 2 or 3 (I forget) HDMI slots, there is only one a/v port....which only matters to some people. But as I play older game systems as well, its just a pain to switch it. However, its not something to not buy the TV over.

Overall, this is pretty much the best HDTV I've owned for the money.Great TV for the price
I bought this for a housewarming gift. The setup was very easy. The picture quality is very good. I'd buy it again.Great TV For the Price
I really enjoy my TV! It really is cool to watch my favorite programs on. I would recommend this TV over most flat screens. The cost is lower than most flat screens too!Good as any other flat screen TV
Bought this T V a few weeks ago and it works great. The sound is very good a pic is pretty. Good . Nice for the bedroom perfect size.Great t.v
I like this one even better, the first one I think it was throwing around in shipping. I love the picture and the sound is great.second time around this one is better.
I bought 2 32" TV's for my guest bedrooms. As these will only be used every once in a while, I was very swayed by their price. I didn't rate this as a 5 because they are too new to know how they will last over time. However, we felt the price was right and the pictures are of good quality. I don't know if I would have bought this brand for my main living areas. However, these TV's were rated well on CNet so we took a chance.Good TV for Price
This is not an outstanding TV, but it isn't a "twice the price" big name brand, either. It works very well, is easy to figure out, has a decent remote, and the HD picture is perfect.

For the great price Walmart offers, it can't be beat !Great TV for the price
I watch old movies via Netflix through my computer and this tv is excellent for that purpose.It suits my purposes
For $209 you can't beat it. I got one of these and a 24" rca and returned he rca for another one of these. For 20 bucks more this tv has a little better sound. Bigger tv and better picture. You can watch this tv from anywhere in the room and it looks good. The only downside is the sound. But it is a cheap tv. You gotta change the settings to make it a bit better or add other speakers.good tv
The sceptre tv is as good as a samsung tv. All of my family members own a samsung tv and this tv has the same quality. The scepter tv also look the same as samsung tv in every way. Don't let the price fool you this tv is high quality and the sound is real good. This is a very good tv.Just as good as a samsung!
I was impressed with the picture quality of this tv. I only have it hooked up to basic cable and not HD but the picture is still great! The only thing I was a little dissapointed with was that the remote doesn't seem to have a button to toggle between channels or go back to the last channel. Perhaps I just haven't figured out where it is yet.....I was impressed with the picture
The T.V. on avg. was a good value for the price. The pic. qty. (720P) was fair. Easy set up. I did return it and got a T.V. with 1080P Much better pic. & qty.Good T.V. for the price. But..............
I didn't know what to expect out of this TV based on the other reviews. I am pleasantly surprised. I spent an extra $20 and got the 2 year warranty. The picture is good and the sound is decent. I am considering buying some extra speakers for it. Its just the right size for my bedroom. It works great with my boyfriends Xbox. Very easy to set up. Comes with a remote, stand, and dusting cloth.Great buy for the price
Great picture. Sound is a little tinny, but no complaints considering what we paid for it. Overall, a good value.Great inexpensive TV
Can't beat this deal for the dough.Don't think buy!
This is a great 2nd TV for the bedroom. The colors show more red and needs adjusting. I have not been successful in changing them. Other than that it was not costly and good for the bedroom.TV
wanted a large screen for use as movie watching, and this more than fills the bill, at a great price... the same for TV shows, the few I do bother watching - SHIELD and Elementary...got it for use as monitor - it great
Bought for my teenager to play video games on- after much research this was the smartest purchase for us. Lowest price we could find for this size with good picture and sound. Totally satisfiedGreat value
The instruction book was a bit confusing for me as a novice putting together a TV. I finally got it all going. Just go ahead and buy the Vizio sound bar initially. Now I love it! I don't have cable but hooked it up to a Roku streamer. All these are at Walmart. Great picture.Good Value
The picture is fairly poor(grainy and pixelated) but I don't have an HD box through DirecTV. It looks amazing with my PS3 with my HDMI cable. I just don't have the money to pay for an HD receiver and the picture quality isn't good with normal feed. Overall a great purchase for the price though!Glad I bought this TV
N/aGood product for the price
Second Sceptre I have bought in the last year. My original purchase was a 40" and it works wellgood for the money
Couldn't pass up this price! Good picture, good sound....nothing fancy, but for the price I couldn't beat it.Great price!
Pretty good for the price. If you can buy this tv for $250 or so, go ahead and do it!Pretty good for the price.
This set came without necessary screws to attach the base to the TV, and we were going to send it back until a pragmatic WalMart manager opened a package of screws and gave us the missing screws, enabling us to keep the TV and saving WalMart.com and my cousins a lot of trouble. So, bad reviews to the manufacturer for poor packaging.Set itself is of fairly good qality and features.
the stand was a little wobbly and I wasn't too sure, but it is designed to swivel so I guess that's just part of it. Can't beat the price and the picture quality is fine.great for the price
I am happy with this tv. It has many imput ports to handle all of my plug ins. I was really amazed with the SUPER SPEEDY delivery. I would purchase this unit again and would sing it's praises to family and friends. Steve, Daytona Bch, FLNot bad for the price.
easy to install has a good picture all around its a great tvgreat for the price
Works well so far. Clear with good picture. So very light.Good so far.
I got this TV on sale for Christmas. Single father, so not a whole lot to spend, so I wanted to balance cost with size, etc.
Mainly used by the kids for Xbox360 and watching Kid shows. I got it for $219, usually costs $329 or so. I am very happy with it at $219. Pic quality is nice. The one drawback I have seen is that the speakers are 'tinny' sounding, a lot like what you would hear from an old clock radio. It does have the Red/Yellow/White input jacks for external speakers so I may talk the GF into buying me some of those.
All in all, I am very happy with it at $219. Had I gotten it at the regular $300+, maybe not so much.Good Starter HD
Accustomed to a larger tv, so this is an adjustment down. The old one was projection analog with the "box" and got real tired of dealing with it. This is a great step up to the newer style tv but can't wait to get back up to larger size LED/smart tv.Best sale buy ever!
Bought it to use as my monitor for my pc, so far its been nothing but a joy. Picture isn't THAT clear, but its also because im right up next to it, when I switch over to cable its perfect. All in all def worth the buy if you cant justify spending $400+ on a tv with the same specsFor its price it is a really good tv/monitor
For the price this is a great TV...Great TV
i've had mine about 2 weeks. it was easy to set up, although the tv does wabble on the desk stand, but its not impossible that i just didnt secure it properly. picture is ok. i dont have HD so mybe that would make a difference. all and all, it think it was a great deal and no problems with the tv.good for the price
I bought this TV to play my Xbox 360 on, and I absolutely love it, especially for the price. I did not want to spend too much money while not giving up too much quality. I decided to buy another one for my girlfriend for her birthday and she enjoys it as well. That being said, it is only good for the context wpin which we use them. We have small bedrooms, so the sound is great for us in a smaller bedroom. However, in a larger room, as most other reviewers have pointed out, the sound is really not that great. It sounds like it comes from a single speaker in the back of the tv so that even when the sound was turned up all the way, and surround turned on, it didn't make that much of a difference. Now my biggest problem with this tv, which really irks me: from both TVs I have bought, they both came with a very annoying dead green pixel somewhere on the screen. For mine it is right dead middle of the screen and is very distracting. This has happened to both TVs now and is my biggest problem with this tv.Good TV but has its flaws...
Bought this as a Christmas present & was happy for the picture quality . Great tvworks great
Well it's a little early but Wal-Mart prompted me through my email to write a review of this tv I haven't even owned for a month ! So far so good however and for the price point the 32'' Sceptre flat screen tv simply CAN'T be beat !!! Furthermore I ordered it online and Wal-Mart had it to delivered really fast... If you're like me and even a low price point is a bigger financial decision then maybe
it is for some other folks it seems so far like I made and YOU will make a pretty good decision in buying this model.still early...
My only complaint - the remote that comes with the TV. The remote does not seem to work very well. You have to aim it precisely at the corner of the TV and sometimes even then it does not respond well to change the volume or a channel.Good value for the price
I have UVerse and have not got everything worked out yet, but sure will be fine once I contact UVerse to find out how to get everything lined out.Has a good picture. All TVs have different sounds
very pleased. Shipped quickly and works greatsceptre tv
If you can't afford or don't want to spend a lot on another TV this was a good buy.
I put it in my den/office and connected to cable and works well. HD channels are the best.
Sound is clear.A Good Alternative
I picked up this TV that was a ship to store purchase. It looked like they dragged it behind the truck. Fortunately it was not damaged as far as i can tell so far. I have been using the TV for 2 weeks and so far so good.Poor Shiping
Tv is very nice. Price was good tooThis is a good buy for a 32 inch tv
An excellent value at the $179 refurbished price I paid. Yes. It does have a tinny sound that I was able to adjust enough to make palatable and not annoying.

Must remember this is not a 1080p with 120 or more refresh rate. Even so; it has a very good hi def picture quality in my humble opinion. I would recommend this TV and in fact already have. Is an excellent bedroom or business unit.An Excellent Value
Great TV, hard to find 3 HDMI on this cheap 32 inches TV screen. Sound is so so but for that price, it is still a good dealGood TV
The delivery was quicker than anticipated. Arrived in excellent condition. Hooked it up and the picture quality is very good, the functionality is great and it is very easy to use and figure out. I can't believe that 5-8 years ago i paid 1400 for my first 32 inch lcd, this was 189. Crazy how prices have dropped. would purchase again no questions asked.Excellent Value
I own and older model of this set and it worked great for many years. Then it started to take longer and longer to come on. The last time I turn it off it took 4 hours to come on, so i hooked it up to my sercurity system and it works fine and comes right on. Now for the new one sometimes i have to turn on and I get sound only and have then turn it off and then turn it back on and it works fine. So if little things like turning it on and off bother you, you should buy another brand. I am still fine tuning the picture to my liking and the sound is much better now that I moved it off the default setting. I purchased the 3 years warranty with this one so I am not looking to buy another soon.I like this TV and the price was great
Picture is close to what was expected and the sound is okay. It would be nice if the sound came out the front instead of the back. The only thing I don't like is that the screen is loose. When my brother was setting up the TV, he could hear the screen rattling. Great TV for a first one, but of you are looking for quality, I recommend another brand.Great for a first TV, but not high in quality
Don't let the discounted price fool you. This was a great buy. Purchased as an early Christmas gift and well worth the risk.Great Deal
this tv is great for the price got it for my sons room perfect for gaming i got the hi def box from my cable co picture is great just be sure to turn sharpness to 0 dont know why same on my high def in living room sound would be the only complaint but its acceptable def would reccomend this tvwell worth the money
This TV has really good picture quality. The sound could use some improvement. But I don't expect much in flat screen tv speakers so that's ok. That is why I have surround sound speakers I can attach.Great TV for the price
We just got this t.v. a couple weeks ago and have been really happy with our purchase. It has a good picture, good sound and a great price. Our only dislike is we cannot play videos from our flash drive via the usb but can only play music or view pictures.Great value on a budget
This TV is great for the money. It has excellant picture quality and while connected to the video game, really great picture. I recommend this TV for everyone thats looking for quality and value.Great economicalTV for my son.
This was bought as a recreational TV for my son. TV, video games etc. He loves itGreat starter TV for the kids
very satisfiedeasy conection. good performance
Easy to use features are one of the things I like about this TV.Great TV for the price.
Purchased this to put on the wall in my daughter's room. Works well for that. Picture quality is ok.good tv for a child's room
WE gave this tv to my son for Christmas. It is used almost exclusively for Xbox (a few dvds too). The picture is surprisingly good for such an inexpensive tv. Sound is good also. He really likes it. If you are in the market for an inexpensive tv, the sceptre is a good one.great value
My first flat TV. So far so good. No problems. Never heard of SCEPTER. Good color.Customer Review
Bought it for a friend that wanted one for his breakfast nook. Great TV for this application. Good Value and have had good luck with the 4 other Sceptre Tv's Ive bought, never had a problem with any.5th Sceptre Ive bought, all still working
Not the best picture I have seen or the best sound, but EXCELLENT for $200, no question at all.

Fast delivery, SUPER EASY SETUP, no problem working with my digital cable box.Excellent TV for $200
Good value for the price. Picture is nice. My expectations going in was getting a decent sized picture for my bedroom at a low price... it fits that bill. Remote signal isn't very good, probably my biggest complaint. It has to be point directly at the TV to change the channel / volume. Seems obvious I know, but it really needs to be pointed at the TV and not the general vicinity of the TV like most remotes. Volume is ok... kind of sensitive and changes greatly from channel to channel. But as I said, I bought the cheapest 32" TV I could find and I feel it is a good value.Good value for price
Great TV for the price hooked in up outside in the garage with an antenna great picture!tv
Bought this TV for the bedroom so a lot of bells and whistles were not important. Have had it for about a month and we are pleased. Good second or 3rd TV for the price. Noticed the remote control uses the same codes as Sony, perhaps they are the manufacturer ?Good TV for the price
I was pleasantly surprised when I opened and set up this Sceptre 32" TV. The image quality is very sharp and the sound quality is quite good also.Great Value
For the reduce price it was a steelGreat TV
Initially I was a little offput only getting 720p but the picture is better than my friend's 32" with 1080i.

It's a great TV overall the speakers are a little funny sounding. I cannot exactly descibe it but the sound is just a little off although I've gotten used to it.Great TV for the price
Not the best LCD TV in the world, but it is a great choice on a budget!! It arrived to my house before I even got the shipping confirmation from Wal-Mart! Super fast process on Wal-Mart's part, very surprising. Good Product!!Great TV for the price!
The TV is great. But I paid for shipping so I would get the TV on 11/22 and did not recieve itl
untill 11/26. Total waste of my money.Great Tv- shipping time was bad
This was a gift for someone who moved up from a 19" tube television to a 32" flat screen. It was a nice low-cost 720P television for someone who has never had one. Decent quality and easy to setup.Low end Flat LCD at a reasonable cost.
I bought this TV because it was the least expensive 32 inch. I have been pleased thus far. Make sure that you buy a warranty.Great TV of Teens room
Works great as a computer screen!great
Ordered this with anticipation of getting HD TV.I had regulat sat tv when it arrived and picture was barely avg,but when HD installed pic cleared and was good.I have only had it a couple weeks but no problems,good buy for the price.got my moneys worth
I honestly believe this is a Sony TV, just masking under another name. This is what they do to get there sales back up then the price of these TV's will eventually go up. Better get it why it's hot. Excellent TV and you absolutely can't beat the price. When I went to program my remote, it says follow the Sony settings, a very good indication that my beliefs are dead on..Very nice TV for the price
Would probably be an excellent tv if hooked up with surrounded sound or additional speakers.Sound volume wasn't that great.
Features are great, Nice TV for the price. The quality of the sound could be better.great value for 32 inch TV
This has done what we bought it for. Basic tv for a spare room.Does what its supposed to
son loves it, bought it for him so that he could play video games and watch shows, a great value for an off brand.Great deal !
The only complaint I have with this tv is the sound. It seems to be a little tiny no matter how I set the base/treble. The picture is great and it is light weight.Great TV for the price
I've had trouble in the past with syncing my MacBook with TVs. The trick seems to be to choose a mirror image, however the sound needs to be connected with a separate cord. I must say that the tech support at SCEPTRE did NOT know that the picture could be connected with a simple USB cord w/Mac adapter and suggested buying a VGA cord - this is NOT the case. Overall though, i'm satisfied with the television so far.Works with a MacBook
NICE Low end tv for the money ,Highly recommend have had very good luck with Walmarts off brand tvsGreat 720P Tv for Bedroom
It's a pertty good TV, the Collor's Very GOOD & Picture is Really Clear. Otherwise everything work's Grate Acccept one thing, the Volume & Speekers could be a better quality for better listening.
You might need a "External Stereo Tuner" or a "Home Theatre System", will make it verry nice Sound System for your Living Room. :)A Pretty good TV for your small Room or Bed Room.
A good producet for the price, the sound quality was better than expected.good product for low price
It was a gift to my mom so far she likes itNice
This product meet my expectations for a 720 led tv. I only wish that it had a full picture display. the best aspect is wide screen. The picture clarity is good but, the contrast/brightness ratio is hard to balance, along with the volume level. The auto volume level needs some work, it does lower some peaks but not always. I have had this tv for about 3 weeks. wish I would have bought the 1080 model. I am overall happy with this product, for my budget.Good led tv for the price
Hooked up some old speakers I had and now the sound is fine.Everything is great but the sound.
Nice tv for price. Got for kids gaming system. Speakers are not great so buy some external speakers for some quality sound. This is the second Septre I have and for the $ I can't complain. Why spend twice the $ for a name brand?Quality product for the $
bought it for my son for Christmas and the picture is as good as my 50" Toshiba. long term results not in yet but looks and feels Quality.Best 199.00 TV you can buy !
I usually buy name brands but the price and reviews convinced me to give Sceptre a try.
Have only used it for a little over a week now, but so far it is every bit as nice as my Sony and Samsung.
For an inexpensive TV, it has pretty good sound and brings in Antenna TV signals really well.
So for now, I have to give it a thumbs up.My first off brand TV
I was really pleased with the ease of setting up this TV. The picture turned out better than expected considering we don't have cable, just a really good antenna and still get 13 stations.
TV arrived a bit ahead of schedule, and I picked it up at one of my regular trips to my nearby store. .com is great.Easy to set up
GREAT BANG FOR YOUR BUCK.GREAT TV FOR GAMERS.
Great TV for the price. Fit our opening where others were too wide. TV in Large kitchen and could have more volumn. I'm hard of hearing.Great TV for the price
I paid the same price for the 1080 version of this TV - and the differene is amazing. While the 720 model is very nice, the 1080 version is so much better - and for the same money as the 720 - just from another vendor).Same Price Paid for the 1080 Version
For starters, the tv arrived 3 days sooner than the estimated shipping time. I used the ship to home option.

There were no surprises in the setup process, the stand was installed on the tv in under ten minutes. The set up was straight forward and consisted mostly of clicking on an option and answering a few questions. One of which was how do you get your tv signal. Outside antenna, cable box, satellite, etc... I have a satellite service and I connected the tv to the DVR with an HDMI cable.

My satellite recognized the tv and had settings to control the Sceptre tv with the sat. remote.

The operation of the Sceptre has been great, good picture and sound is acceptable after a little tweaking in the tv options. I am satisfied so far but I have only had the tv for a couple of weeks.

I will be happy if it continues to operate as it does now. I am confident that it will, but if not I will update this review.

Warmest regards,
Therealcowboy.Very good value for the money.
The photo in the add does not match the actual product I received. The photo would lead you to believe that there are two separate audio inputs. One for the component video, and one for the composite video. In reality, the two video inputs share the same audio input. While I was able to overcome this small problem, it was disappointing.
The overall value of the set is great otherwise. The sound is a bit tinny, but I run the audio through an amplifier anyhow so no big deal.Picture does not represent actual product
First off Walmart hipped this quickly. I received it within 4 days of order. Very easy to set up. We don't have HD service on Direct TV, so I was a little concerned what the picture would look like. The picture looks great, even on the MeTV station that runs all the old 60's and 70's shows. The only complaint is the speakers are a little tinny sounding, but not as bad as other Tv's I've seen. Overall, this is a great tv, especially for $179. I added a google chromecast and it works great. The only complaint is with content providers not having apps for Direct tv. Also, to use the cast function from a browser, it has to be on a laptop, and not from android tablet.Great Tv for the price
The TV was a good purchase. I paid less than $200 for a 32" TV.
The only thing that I can see is some may not like a 720 p. I also have a 1080 p Sony and can't see any difference.Good buy.
good pficinggoofd value
WORKING GREATGOOD
I love this tv, I bought it for my bedroom when my 10 year old 13 inch tv gave out. The picture is fantastic, the sound quality is a little tinny when you put up the volume but you don't need it that loud. It's light-weight, swivels and you can hook up the kid's video games with no problem. There are adjustment features that you can make the picture sharp or dull and other ways to make your tv match your needs.I am planning to buy another one for my grandson at Christmastime, he adores the tv, I recommend buying one before they are gone.Great TV, awesome value for the money
The only problem with the tv is that the brand doesnt match up with my comcast remote, so I need to use the tv remotr to turn tv on and off.really nice picture
This TV is not lowest price around (although reasonable), several stores have the same/similar product with a similar price. The free shipping sold me. And I received it in three days vs the 4 days quoted. Happy camper.Decent product, quick shipping, happy camper.
This was a great deal for the price. I bought this for my 14 yr old son and he does NOT recommend this for any gaming. He says screen is not big enough for multi player function. Other than that, the every day uses are good. Would recommend ... just not for gamersGood deal for the simple user
Very good reliable tv that show awesome... Very good price toVery affordable and nice quality
So far, so good. The only complaint that I have to this point is the picture. It seems too bright/light. Have adjusted and is a little better. The sounds seems fine. Set up was easy.Great price!
The t. v. has a great picture, but the speakers are not very loud.Great TV for the price.
I bought the TV with the sound bar for my son's game room.
TV is a good value and with the sound bar the kids like the extra sound that it provides.
Easy to set up and the sound bar just plugs right in.
Can't go wrong for the price.Good value
Will place another review once I hear how it is performing.Bought for my son for Christmas, can't beat price
Great tv and remember to adjust sound and picture settings and you should be good to go. My tv came with all my settings on power saving so low lighting and soft sound. I have surround sound. I would definitely recommend anyone to buy one with a flat tv, Or you will have the volume up to 70 if you're a little hard of hearing like me.Nice for price
I am very pleased with this bought. I recommend it.Excellent picture, average sound quality
This television meets all of my expectations plus. IT took a couple of minutes to hook up to cable and get the picture to come up, but once it got going I was impressed. The picture is clear and it is easy to hook up gaming systems and the usb is perfect for my pictures and camcorder shots. I would recommend it for anyone.Totally happy
Arrived 5 days earlier than promised with free shipping. Easy to set up, even came with a magnetized screwdriver for assembly which is needed for 6 small screws for mounting the base. I am mainly using as a PC monitor. Good picture as TV or monitor. Less expensive than a lot of 24" or smaller TV 's. If you are planning to use with a PC you will need either a VGA or an HDMI connection cable not included. Easy to switch between TV and monitor with included remote. So far no problems, have used daily for about 2 weeks.Good TV/PC monitor
Good picture quality, worth the priceWorth the price!!
great tv but sound is sub par--some programs are low volume an with 100% vol on tv still hard to hear--getting remote head set,cant hear you
I bought this TV to replace an outdated one I had in spare/office room. It was very easy for me to set up plus I had to hook up to a digital converter box, also easy. Was not familiar with the brand, but the picture quality is good for the value price. Sound is great, I actually have to turn it down! I had to order site to store because local stores didn't have advertised item that was on sale, a bit cheaper than this model, & pick up was smooth. Overall, I'm quite happy with this TV for the room I'm using it in & would recommend it to anyone. I actually would use it as a main TV also.Very Pleased!
Nice TV, nice picture and good price.Good quality.
We needed a TV that would fit into our cabinet and was reasonable in price. This product met all our needs.Very good TV for the price.
It's a good TV for the price. Easy programming and good picture qualityGood TV
The Sceptre X322BV- HDR 32" 720 LED TV is a nice television with a very good picture. The sound quality is fair not a lot of rich sound from the speakers. Will have to buy a sound bar to augment the sound to improve for listening to digital sound from the cable. Overall, I would recommend this TV to anyone who needs a secondary TV for a bedroom or den.Great 32" TV for the price.
I was looking for a bigger tv in my bed room and this fit perfectly. Tv's change all the time and I had never bought this brand before but decided for the price I would try it. It was easy to set up and the picture quality it good. I would totally recommend this.good for the price
Its a good product for the money, slim and light weight for an older person to move aroundNice tv for a ederly person
I'm very happy with this purchase, and was blown away with the speed of delivery! The one thing missing is a clock to turn on the set in the morning. I used my last TV for an alarm clock.Nice, affordable TV
so far so goodvalue for money
Got this tv for my son. He loves it!Good tv for the money
Great product for a great priceAdrienne
I was very impressed with the communication from walmart on delivery status.wonderful for daily use
meets or exceeds our needsworks very well for our needs
Bought this tv for the master bedroom. Setup was pretty easy. Sound and picture are great. Features are pretty good for a 169.00 tv. Like the swivel base. Woukd have ranked it higher but ivet only had it for 2 weeksgreat tv for the money.
My son enjoys playing his xbox on his new TV. Good TV for the price.Good tv for gamers
TV is great. Only 2 minor issues. I like to fall asleep watching tv and like the volume low. Even on level 1 it seems loud. Other, the tv seems a little slow to react with the remote control. Otherwise a great product.Great product for great price
Love it.Great deal for the price.
Bought this for my son to play his x-box and be the 2nd TV in our media room. Our other TV (mounted on the wall right next to it) is top of the line. The picture is great, set looks good, value is unbeatable and we have had no problems with the picture going out. We've had it about 7-8 weeks & it's been played in non-stop. Sound could be better, but it's not the worst I've heard, especially on newer flat screens. Can't express the value here enough. Buy it!Excellent value, good gamer TV
this was a gift for my sister. she says it is better than her old VIZIO.fine product great rpice
I am very impressed by this TV. my only issue was that there were no screws to mount it with but that was a very minor problem. The sound and picture are excellent.Great value!
good qualitygood bedroom tv
my second purchas of the same model TV in the last month and so far they have been fine.Great picture
Nice TV. Good sound system. Going to buy another one, Only bigger.Good value for the money.
Has a nice clear picture and was very easy to hook up to satellite. Is wasn't shipped on time though and was a Christmas present received late.Nice Tv for Value.
It's a good T.V. for the price- I rated it a 4 star out of 5. regarding picture quality.. the T.v. even swivels.SCEPTRE X322BV-HDR 32" LED Class 720P HDTV
TV was priced extremely well and it has all the features I could want in a TV. The thing I liked most about it was the price as I am in the middle east on a military base and the cheapest TV they have on base is 220 dollars for a 24 inch TV which I wasn't going to pay that but through Walmart I got this for 177 and didn't have to pay taxes or shipping and it arrived in less than two weeks from the time I ordered it.Good TV
Product nice for the price...but ordering on line was a headache when filling in my phone number need review and repair..good
When assembling the stand, I was unsure of which screws to use where. The instructions were not clear about which ones to use. The TV itself if good, but the stand is a little shaky and the TV wiggles when you touch it. I feel it is sturdy, just would like better clarification about assembly.Stand is a little shaky
you missed the delivery date by 3 days but the product was great!better late than never!
Great picture,,,easy set -up,,remote control is junk. Sound could be better.Grouchy old critic
it was the right buygood tv for price
The TV works fine, I wish that I would have known that is going to cost 10 dollars for HD hook up32 in tv
no commentgood tv
It's a nice TV and I would recomment it. I'm connecting via antenna and also using as 2nd monitor and working well. I guess I just need to get a better antenna.Very good TV
The basic channels like 4 and 5 look very bad. But the rest of them are fine.Great TV for the price
very great productvery good product so far, i have had it fdor 1 wee
TV I was looking for but sound tends to drift in and outJust what I was looking for
Need better sound systemNeeds better sound system
The price is great. It is easy to use and figure out, picture is good, but a little grainy, but again for the price, the picture is beautyful! I bought two.Can't beat the price
Used for guest bedroom. Perfect fit.Ok for the price
Good picture..great sound!good quality for the price
I brought this via online purchase delivery was quick and efficient....once unpacked it was easy to setup and mount on my wall good screen quality but sound is not great but for the price it's good enough. I liked it so much a brought a second one before the price increased again.Good looking screen....speaker sound is so..so
Hook-Up was easy--Good color--Problem free at this writing.So Far So Good
Purchased this television for my 6 year old son and he absolutely loves it.Very nice!
Purchase this TV. Fast shipping. Love this TV very unexpected.very nice purchase
For a 32 inch hdtv, you can't beat the price. We bought this for our RV and it was a good purchase. Probably best for a bedroom tv. Would not have this set in the family roomgood tv
Good value, But volume is to low, time window to small however good value.Price is Right
i bought this set for 189.99 ...and it is definitely a great deal....the picture is great..for the price....i mean it IS a $200 32 inch tv....the picture isn't as bright as more expensive tvs but trust me it is still nice..and im a huge critic when it comes to tvs and hd.....i personally love the picture, as long as ur connected with hdmi's then you are great, and options on the set-up (a lot of options to tweak the sound and picture...nice inputs too, 3 hdmi, etc......
the only thing i would give it a low rating on is the sound...the speakers are pretty bad for the tv being so good in other areas....but even with that, definitely a great buy at 200 bucks....
i just saw that walmart put up the Craig 32" Class LED 720p for the same price...
if the specs matched up...I would probably go with the craig 32, because it probably has better sound....
other than that...you cannot go wrong if ur looking for a nice tv with a budget....
now hopefully the tv has a long lifespan...so far, ive had it for 3 months and its going strong...great tv for the price
great tv . fast shipment!great tv for the price
The picture quality and the number and variety of inputs are excellent. I'm a little disappointed with the sound quality out of the box but, for the price, this is still a great deal and the sound issue was overcome by adding higher quality external speakers.Great Value for the Price
We ordered this tv at a great price to fit in a particular spot in our eating area, near the kitchen. It fits perfectly, was easy to set up, good picture, good sound. My only complaint is that the volume doesn't turn down enough. At "2" it is still loud when there is no one else in the house and things are quiet. Still -- we love this tv.perfect little tv for us
I,bougnt the tv for a christmas gift at a good price very satisfied with my purchase will most defintely purchase another one.Great tv for a good price.
On a budget satisfied getting tvSatisfied w HDTV
Works good32 inch tv
I finally decided to give away an old 27" tube and upgrade to a basic LED. I am glad I did. It is inexpensive, has the features I need and worked with my cable box/remote without me having to input any codes. The technology is simply plug and play. A surprising value for the price I paid.Impressive
This TV looks good, was easy to set up, has plenty of connection options, and has good picture quality, but seems to have volume issues.

We purchased this for the bedroom, and use it with a Roku box (NetFlix, Hulu, etc.). However, with the volume maxed at 100%, we still struggle to hear dialog at 8 feet away. The older TV we replaced with this model had no such issues, and we usually didn't have to go over 35% volume with that TV.

We'll probably have to spend upwards of $100.00 on an external speaker system, which we don't really have room for, and could have just added that expense to the original TV cost and purchased a better model.

Overall, we're happy with the TV for the price, but the volume issue will cost extra to resolve...Good picture, not much volume...
I would buy one again.Great Picture
good tv for the price very good picture and sound. very easy to set up. I have it in the basement.sceptre tv
Good for what it is. Was great deal at $169. It was ordered on Thanksgiving and came on that Saturday.good bedroom tv quick delivery
I own 3 Sceptres. Never mind the 720P . Most people cannot tell the difference to 1080P I can't (I have both). BE SURE to get LED backlighting. That is the feature that separates the men from the boys. Much sharper picture. Sure the sound is not very good. Get a pair of USB powered speakers ( I got Altec Lansing )Nough said. Cost $14. Found out the plug in power source speakers have feedback--not pleasant. I have had my first 32" set for 2 years---GREAT. My next 2 are 1 year and 2 months respectively. Most failures are within the first few weeks or months and you can take the set back. Sceptre is inexpensive and American. If they fail in a year or two, big deal. How much did you pay for the predecessor--$599 for a 27" like me??? That's it I am well pleased.My 2nd Sceptre 32" -3rd Sceptre is (39") . GREAT!
This is a fantastic tv for the price. I would recommend it and planning on buying another one soonbig tv small price
As a guest room tv, it exceeds all expectations for its price.Excellent price. Great picture.
RECEIVED TV AS GIFT FOR MY BEDROOM....DOING GREAT SO FARGREAT BEDROOM TV
The picture is a little blurry.Good for how much you pay.
I've had about 3 wks picks up all local channels with a small antenna the remote has larger buttons and is easier to read than others I've had very satisfied so farrandynice crisp picture good price
Online shopping with Wal-Mart has been a good experience for me t.v. was delivered in less than a week to my house. It was very easy to setup and start watching within 5 minutesshopping made easy
The sound quality is poorNeed to work on the sound
It serves the purpose for me as a TV for my bed room .It a pretty good TV
Pretty good T.V. for the price. The sound could stand to increase more in volume; I had to purchase a sound bar to go with t.v. So I'm good now.Good T.V. for the price
Its perfect, good featuresGreat bedroom tv
Good picture and sound, plenty inputgreat tv for great price
We are very happy with this tv - hooked it up to our satellite system and our dvd it it works well with our sound system.Great TV for price
This was a great buy and did not have to fight the black friday crowds and got the same deal online as if I was there so love my new purchase.perfect gift for xmas
Great price and nice size for a child's room. I bought this for my son's room. Upgrading him from a big back tv.Great!
This tv is great. I did read some reviews about it not working after a few days so I will keep the receipt and box. However, I am satisfied with the picture quality and appearance. It's a perfectly price quality item.Great
For the price I wasn't expecting much. But the picture was very good and I bought a wall mount with it which fit into the TV perfectly. The sound is good and I am very pleased with the TV so far. Bought it the week of black Friday for $169.32" tv
Would recommend this TV to anyone. Easy set-up with good quality picture and sound.Good Value for a TV this size
I love the colors, the sound, and the quality if the images.Great product
I got this ultra TV during Black Friday (online) and first I was very surprise how light it was, for the feature it has everything you should expect for a basic HDTV, the picture is quite good and the sound no bad for that price. I would recommend it.Great ultra slim TV
My ancient Sony set blew up, and I ordered this on-line that night. It was delivered to my home 3 days later, set it up in 15-20 minutes and I was happily watching TV that night. The sound quality is fairly mediocre but the picture is quite good...though you need to fine tune it to your preferences. This set allows you to fine tune just about everything ( sound, picture, aspect etc) and it's easy to figure out, even if you aren't very electronic savvy, which is really nice, because I'm not. I'll be adding a sound bar to improve the volume and sound quality, and you do have to buy a HDMI cable ( $14.00) if you have DirecTv, but for the money I paid for it ( $198.00) this set far exceeds expectations. I got the extended warranty just in case, since some reviewers had fatal function problems right away, but so far I'm pleased with this whole deal. And this review site is what made me look at this relatively unknown brand in the first place...very helpful My only regret is that I didn't have the extra $100.00 to get the 42 inch model with 1080p (-:Good deal!
I am happy with this TV in my bedroom....good picture quality :)Great TV for this price!
Bought this tv for my husbands office on sale($200). Good picture and ok sound, not going to find a better tv for the price-and beleive me, I have tried.Perfect for secondary room.Decent TV for price
Was looking for an updated TV for the bedroom - and this fits our needs.
Volume is a little off between TV & DVD modes, but not a big issue.Very satisfied
Easy to set up fast delivery. Good pictureSuper tv for the price
We got this as a "garage" tv. Perfect for what we wanted without spending alot of money.Great little TV for the money.
Great TV for the price. Like the quality of the picture too.Great TV
The 32" tv has great picture quality and is very thin and attractive. The only thing I have against the quality is the tinny sound it produces. We had an old Magnavox from the early 90's and the sound was much better on that TV. It looks as though you can purchase some kind of sound bar for the TV. If you want good sound, it may be a necessity.Great for the price
Have not open this one yet. But got one for myself a few Months ago Like it a lot.Have not open this one yet it's for Christmas gift
This set is better than I expected,the picture quality is good for the price. All worked as adervertized. Happy,happy.Man cave tv
ok its decent for the priceok its decent for the price
Very good for the price .32 in tv
Great for a game machineTv for teen gamers
We now have two of them, one of them sports a dvd player! Wonderful!Great Television
great tv for the price totally worth it my son loves it but then again he's only 2 so...buy it or don't your choicegreat tv for your kids
The only reason I marked this as a 3 of 5 on meeting my expectations is because I'm in Afghanistan, which doesn't use digital air waves so I needed an analog tuner. I saw this TV for $188 and jumped all over it. However, it has an NTSC analog tuner, which only works in the US (ironically, where there are no more analog broadcasts). Here they use the PAL standard, with which this TV is not compatible. I still recommend this TV based on value, picture, and sound quality. Just don't make the mistake I made if you live outside the US and think it will work without an external PAL converter box or DVD player with a built-in NTSC/PAL tuner.Great TV & price, but analog is US standard only
OTHER THAN THAT GREAT PICTUREMAKE SURE YOU HAVE AN HDMI CABLE
I have purchased 3 of these units. One was returned within the 90 day period due to an issue with the picture. I purchased another and it has worked flawlessly for the past 6 months. The 3rd set began going out after the 9th month. The picture finally stopped projecting and I filled out the online RMA request for Sceptre. The tv was shipped out and returned fully repaired within 2 weeks. I love the customer service from Sceptre.
The tv's are a good value. A few hundred dollars for something that has multiple hdmi ports is fairly inexpensive. I am not to impressed with the remote controls lack of distance, but it is not a game changer. The speakers are pretty good, and better than I had expected. The picture is sharp and the unit has plenty of controls to customize this aspect.
The biggest headache was the location of the hdmi ports. These are fairly close to the cabinet, and make some cables useless. Try and use a flat ended cable as the rounded are a bit more difficult.great customer support
This tv may not be 1080i, but for the price, works great. Set up with cable was easy & the holes lined up perfectly to mount on the wall. I would highly recommend this more for a child than adult as an adult may not like the picture (I can definitely see the difference with 1080i. Not as clear of a picture.)Great TV fr the price!
I bought and shipped this TV from the online store to my dad. I only gave it 4 starts just because I haven't actually seen the TV myself. However, he says it's great! So, this purchase was a success.Great Gift!
Its a good tv. I like it.TV
I read some reviews before making my purchase. I am a satisfied customer. Have had a small problem with sound quality but it seems to have resolved itself. If it gives me more trouble I will use the warranty.satisfied
I was very pleased with the set. It is perfect for a second set in bedroom or rec room. While not the highest definition it is still quite acceptable in a smaller space. It has plenty of extra adjustments and features for my use. Sound is not great but I wear hearing aids anyway. Was very easy to set up and I get 100 plus stations on standard cable. Was delivered in two days to my door. A lot of bang for the buck!Very good choice for a second set in bedroom or re
I was shocked with the quality of this TV for the low price paid. Has a great picture, and just Okay sound quality. I was completely happy with all the ports on the back to hook up multiple various things. I don't care for the remote though; it is a huge remote and has a lot of features that can be used for other electronics like a universal remote, but I can't find any information on how to program the remote.Shocking quality for price
Bought this for my 6 year old to match up his Xbox 360. Good picture at a good price.Behold the Sceptre of Fun!
Great I. Guest house didn't want to buy something was pricey I'm happyGood picture
Quality and picture equal to the top brands at a fraction of the cost. Very easy to set up, Well-protected in packaging. I bought the extended warranty and hope I never have to use it.great value-easy to program and enjoy
We bought this for my son to take for college. The size and price is perfect! My son says the TV works great!College TV
This tv fits my bedroom perfectly. Only issue I have is no matter how high I put the volume it's not loudVery nice tv
I'm surprised how much I love this TV! Nice picture, good size and an excellent price! I did buy the service plan.A good choice
I bought this TV as a Christmas present for my best friend. The low price had me worried that this tv wouldn't be of decent quality. My friend is very satisfied with the quality of the TV.Surprisingly good for the price!
I bought the TV for the price and was pleasantly surprised by the nice, sharp picture. The only negative thing is it has a weak sound system.Great value!
This was a very nice tv and very nice for the price I paid. This tv was for my child's room and looks great! Very clear picture and very easy to assemble and hook up.Great product for the price!
sound was poor..returned for better unit at same pricenot bad tv
This is my second Sceptre LED TV. The first one I bought was at Christmas a 40in for my son to play his video games on. This one is for me. It's a great TV for the money.Excellent tv for the money
Bought for daughters' playroom. Perfect size and quality and best price that I found in the market.Great value
Good productTV
Nice little television for the price. Pretty clear sound and sharp image. Happy with it.Nice television
I love this TV! It's my first HDTV!! I bought this TV because it was time to upgrade. I decided to go with this one because of the cost. I don't have problems with sound. I can listen to the news late at night on vol 2 and can still hear it from 15 feet away. The only problem I had was attaching the base to the TV. I don't know why but I wasn't able to get it just right and my TV is just a little wobbly. But I still love this TV because its better than the old one I had. The picture is amazing!Money well spent!
It is a fine TV, and works perfectly. I purchased it for my bedroom to replace a 20" set that was just to small. I am happy with it, and it is much more enjoyable.32" Sceptre TV
Well, my summary says it all. We bought this as a step up from the TV we had in our living room. Since we hope to eventually get a huge 3D TV and make this our bedroom TV, we weren't concerned with having all the bells and whistles. Overall, it was a pleasant surprise. The picture is great and we've used it non-stop since it arrived 3 weeks ago with no problems. Our only complaint is that the sound quality on it is horrid...even after adjusting the sound settings. I think with a home surround sound hooked up to it or something it would be fine. There is an option in the menu for turning off the internal speakers and using auxiliary ones, so this shouldn't be too much of an issue. There is even a headphone jack, so you could probably hook it up to mp3 speakers in a pinch. We just haven't gotten around to that yet since Dora the Explorer doesn't really require great sound quality. :-PTerrible sound, but otherwise great!
we were looking for a tv for our cottage without speding too much.great tv for the money.
only complaint sound quality could be better.the picture is great.our delivery date was changed
three times but it was delivered to the house with no shipping charge.good for the money
Setup was easy and the picture and sound quality are good. Great TV for the bedroom.Very good TV for the money
Thanksnice tv
The hand remote is VERY CHEAPLY MADE, however, if you are using a cable service you will be using theirs so it won't matted. The only bad thing is when the TV is off a red light is constantly on. When you turn on the TV you get a big promo screen with SCEPTER brazened across the screen with how it is hooked up in the upper right hand corner of the screen. Having pointed that out the sound is thin with a bit to much the treble. Picture is GREAT!!!
Over all I would buy another one for the spare bedroom.For the price it cannot be beat!
I shop for this on line and did not have to get out of the house to do it. I got it for my Mom.and had it ship to the store were she lives and it was there before the holidays.shop on line
This TV is awesome for the price and quality of the picture. It was a great Christmas gift.Awesome!
This 32" Sceptre LCD TV is everything I expected and more. Perfect for the bedroom and it has great picture quality. I love the way it compliments my bedroom as well.Love it!!!
Yes I would tell everybody to buy itHappy
The picture is great and set-up was not difficult. The sound isn't the best, but in our small living room it is adequate. Overall, it was a good deal.Good TV for the price.
TheTV is a good buy. Good picture. and sound. I can tell it is made cheap the controller is lighter than my other TV. It feels cheap . But it was a good buy.WORK GREAT
Nice tv for the price thinking about getting another for the breezewayNice tv
Not hard to put stand together. Picture is great. Sound is OK I have a tv that had 4 speckers built in so it a big difference. The only problem I had with this TV was i had to buy a new cord to plug into VCR extra $12. It did not like my 3 color cords it wanted 6 color cords.this is my first flat screen tv. I love it
I have only had this tv a short time but so far am very satisfied with the quality.so far so good
I love my t.v. I just didn't like the Walmart I chose to put up my t.v up at, it took about 30 min for someone to come to the counter for assistance.I love it!
The price on the TV is great so didn't expect it to have the best quality picture, it's great for the bedroom tho.. I would recommend it to anyone for an extra tv, just not the main viewing one.Good TV for the price
I would recommend this tv to a friend, it seems to be of pretty good quality, however I have only had it a few days.Seems to be a good tv.
Needed to replace a tv in our bedroom. We don't watch the bedroom tv too much but it's nice to have. You can't beat the price for a 32" flatscreen. It had everything we needed, such as the HDMI hook up. The sound isn't GREAT but for the time and space it's used, it's perfect for us. The picture is really nice and clear. I like the fact that the tv swivels on it's base. I had no idea it did that. We were going to mount it to the wall but don't need to now.Perfect for our needs!
Great color...great product for the price..nice
This was a gift I gave my Grandson to have in his dorm. He was very pleased with it.Gift to Grandson
This TV was so easy to transport, set up, and enjoy!! The picture is sharp and clear and the size is perfect for the guest bedroom!! I would highly recommend this brand 'cause it's "all about that ease, 'bout that ease, no trouble"All About That Ease
This as one of the easiest purchases we have made. We read the reviews, ordered online and was delivered free in a few days.perfect for my son's room
The tv is just as described as being thin and lightweight . I put this on a weekend houseboat we purchased and it fit perfect on the wall. It had a good picture , but the volume is low even on max . We connected external speakers and that helped some.Very lightweight , volume problems
We had a difficult time trying to connect our dvd/bluray so that it would work. My nephew came over and we finally figured it almost by accident.Connecting
Bought for the bedroom! Is used for watching movies and playing the PS3 on and it has worked great for these things! So far I am very Satisfied with my purchase !!!Good TV Use it for the Bedroom
I've look and research a lot of HDTV's and study customer reviews over the past six months before my purchase of this unit, and it turn out as predicted. I gave the features section 4 stars simply because the base mount seams a bit wobbley .Best for the price
Great picture.for the price of the unit.I'll buy another
The clarity and sound is great when cable is attached....A Great Tv.....
Picture Is crystal clear ! What more can you ask for??Awesome value
I wasn't sure what to expect with this TV for the price but I am BEYOND impressed with this product and its quality.I'm very happy with the television
Have not had for long but so far so good. Got 2 at the same time for my kids. Picture is pretty good.Decent for the price
T.V. is light and easy to carry. Easy hook up. Would recommend to friends and family.Great Value
This is a great low cost TV, good sound and picture quality. I figure having a TV with 4 years of (optional additional warranty) at a low cost you can't go wronggood deal + add the low cost 4 year warranty
Good buy , good picture, better performance than expected for the price. Even tells you day, date and time each time you turn on. Getting another!Great product good picture
excellent picture, sound okgood value
I was a bit skeptical about buying this brand for my sons room but it shows great and he's happy.Great television for the price
The television has a beautiful picture, it's really a great buy, the only problem I had were the stand and the remote wasn't in the box at the time of purchase, I don't know if it was a mistake or what, I had to call the company for the addition parts.wow is this theright price?
I bought this t.v for my son, he seems to enjoy it. No complaints so far..good
Real nice picture thin easy to watch one thing that could be better is the soundOverall a Good HDTV
Works well, simple to use.Pretty good
I like everything about this tv. One exception is the sound, no matter what mode, is a bit tinny. The program preview isn't the best I've seen, but overall a real bargain.Great extra room tv for the money
Got this for my Twin boys and they love it.Great value
Good picture, light weight, stand easy to assemble. Would recommend to a friend.Good picture, light weight, stand easy to assemble
Good TV for the money great picturevolume quality not the best but great price
Great price and love the size. It's perfect for a bedroom and had a good amount of hdmi outlets. It's a really nice tv and worth it.Great so far
Was purchased to be a raffle prize, so will have to rely on the winner to let me know how it works. We don't have the drawing until Dec 19th.Great price for that size TV
great valuegreat product
Great picture for the sizeGreat price for the size
My son is very happy with his LED TV..for me, is a good TV with a little concern in the audio..seems to be loss from the back...maybe a pair of speakers resolve this issus...but overall is a nice TV, thanks..Nice quality
I got it to replace a smaller TV in my room and it was well worth the cost.Great TV
No complaints. Bought this for the bedroom to watch the news while getting ready for work. Doesn't get watched for hours on end, but seems to be working just fine.Overall good buy
Delivery was excellent and on time. The television has a very clear picture. Well worth the price.Good TV for the bedroom.
Very impressed with product. Purchased for great grand children to use for movies and games when visiting. The price and quality meets my expectations. Would definitely recommend to others.Great TV
I purchased this tv for my daughters bedroom after Christmas. It has a beautiful picture, even better than my Samsung tv of the same size and pixels. It has buttons on the side in case you misplace the remote, you can control the power,volume,channels and source. The 3 HDMI ports come in handy as well as the A/V ports. It was a little difficult to screw the base onto the tv but was manageable and did include a small screwdriver. Overall, nice tv for the price!Nice tv for the price.
Fast delivery and simple set-up. A new wave good quality flat screen TV at a very affordable price.Flat Screen for the Bedroom
Great so farLove it so far
Had it the tv for 2-months so far and all is well with reception, color and resolution.SCEPTRE X322BV HDR 32 LED Class 720
Easy to understand set up.TV
got it so that i could wall mount for the kids room.. good Picture easy set up and worksfirst flat screen
I don't understand why the volumn, on some TV antenna stations, can't be adjusted while other stations' volumn can be adjusted. Otherwise, all other features work just fine. The reason why I only gave this 4 stars is because of the volumn. This TV is used in my temperature controlled workshop where much time is spent. I plan on hooking up a PC to this new TV soon, so I can access the web in my shop & not have to walk to the house to use the other PC.Sceptre TV volumn
This TV is a great value. The picture is much better than expected and the sound is good too. The sound does seem to be a little lower but not noticeable and the great picture makes up for it!We bought this TV for our kids playroom.
Was easy to set up. Has a great pic and soundNew TV for my 86 yo mother
For the price, good picture, good sound! A pleasant surprise.Nice tv for the price.
I purchased this tv two weeks ago..and I haven't had any issues with it. If you're looking for something nice for a good price then this is the right tv.The only issue I have is with the sound quality. .but overall Picture, appearance and easy to install. I have dish service and the channels look great with HD.Good and Reasonable
Very light and extremely easy to hook up and set up to receive signal. I was watching TV within 30 minute sof walking in my house with the box. Cant beat it for the price.Great product for the price!!
I was suprised at the picture quality on this 720 and it's hooked up to antenna only for over the air tv.Very nice indeednice 720
great buy, good size and great pricegreat deal on my first flatroom tv
Great tv for under $200 free shipping included ! Delivered to the store a day early and only took me half hour total to unpack and set up;)

The sound as everyone says is pretty poor, so I yes my current speakers. The picture is clear and full of color and tv only weighs like 17 lbs

Great ease of use and set up!
I'll get another for my bedroom later

CindyGreat tv
32in Flat Screen TV was a good deal.Flat screen TV deals
This TV is being used in my teen son's room. It is a great size and look for his room.Love the size and look of this tv.
so far I've had good luck purchasing online with wal-martgot item quickly
This television is an excellent buy for the price. The only issue I found is the volume. It does not really have a low volume. On 1 its hard to hear, but when you hit it up to 2 it is load enough to hear in the bedroom next to mine. Not a huge issue in my household.Good TV for the $$
Nice bedroom TV. Good picture. Very inexpensive. Slight delay when changing a channel. It is a smart TV so there are additional channels not available on a older style unit. At only 168 dollars for a 32" TV I have no regrets. Nice simple replacement. Shipped to my door.Nice, Good Picture, Inexpensive
Exactly what I hope it would be for the price, can't beat it.Good tv
Kinda cheaply made but the tv works and is great for the price.Works well
Purchased for a gift. So far so good.It's a TV
This is the second TV I've bought through Walmart.com. The first one was an LG 40" 3D TV that I bought a year ago. Then this Sceptre for the room. I bought protection plans for both and haven't had any issues with my LG yet. I pay a lot of attention to user reviews before making my decision and have to say that I will definitely go to Walmart in the future for these types of purchases. This sceptre shipped the next day after I ordered which was Monday and was supposed to be at my house Wednesday, but was there Tuesday! I was blown away. Overall, this TV is great for the price. Easy hookup to my Roku and is exactly what I wanted for my master. Normal sound and great picture. I use the sleep timer every night :)Definitely satisfied
Has a better than expected picture.Great picture
Brought this for my 10yrs old daughters room for Xmas so far so good..picture and sound is great....I think it was worth the money.cheap and effective
I purchased the 40" first, really impressed me.
My x-hubby saw mine and had me get him one also. Then came the 32" good bang for the $$$$.
It was just what I needed for the bedroom. My old was was a tube and very heavy to move around. This is just right and the quality is very good. No complaints.TV
I hooked it up to my computer because I get all of my entertainment online and I used an HDMI cable. Streaming internet and games appear very nice on the big screen, should have done this sooner. It does have VGA and several other ports, you just have to figure out how to set the computer to communicate with the TV on the correct resolution and screen size. You can't get a better TV for the money for sure!Best bang for buck
Everything is great about the TV such as color;hd;picture but the sound is not that good plus I am having to turn it all the way up to 80/90% to hear it well. I'm calling Cust Svc tomorrow to make sure I didn't do anything wrong in the connect process..but if everything is correct the sound problem would keep me from purchasing againLove the TV but having problem with the sound
I would buy another one if I needed one.Super TV for the price.
Very nice picture and soundmy husband new toy
Bought this for daughter for gift. She loves it and says the picture is great.Great television for price
No problems with set thus farnice t.v for price
I bought this TV for my sister-in-law that is in a nursing home and she loves it. Has a good picture with great color and sound. Will buy this for myself if I need a new TV.Great TV Set
perfect for a bedroom television... nice size and great price! Cant be beat!great tv for the price
I wanted a gift for my wife for Mothers Day this fit the bill. It fit in the bedroom furniture wardrobe . She loves it, cable hook up easy picture looks great. The price was killer.Looking for a Mother's Day gift for my wife
Considering the price of this TV its a greAT one! The color/picture is good, not grainy. The sound is lacking, but we bought our own sound system anyways so the TV always sounds great for us.Overall Good TV
I got this HDTV to replace another 32 inch one. The picture is amazing - clear and bright. The set-up was easy - even a screwdriver was enclosed to attach the base. My only complaint is that the sound is very low. I have it turned all the way up to get a decent hearing level.Beautiful Picture
I love the pricing and the product!Great Product
work find that is what i neededty
Honestly for the price I paid for this television, it more than meets expectations. I'm not a techie i any sense at all, I just needed a high def picture for my Wii exercise games :) My only complaint is that it doesn't keep time correctly. I set the clock and within a few days, it's off by several minutes. It's been about a month since I set it again, and it's running about 3 hours ahead....oh well. I guess I won't use it to tell time.Pretty good television
It was just what I was looking for. It has good quality picture and sound. Just overall nice for the price.Great Buy:-)
I'm a college student so I hardly have time for myself let alone watch tv, but when I do get a break I like to watch some tv. It's definitely a great starter tv something you would put in your kids room and/or guest room. Picture is great sound is ok it gets pretty loud. Umm that's about it. Great price great TV ..... GO GET IT !!!It's pretty good.
I only had this tv for about a month. So far so good. It has good picture quality. Overall I think it's a pretty good buyGood for the price
This works well in my bedroom. So easy to use. If I had thought about it, I may have looked at a TV with a dvd on it. But, I really don't need one. There is one on my other TV. This is a good buy!!!!!

Also, may sound silly, but I love the color of the name Sceptre when I turn the TV on. :)My Sceptre TV
Nice picture for the money. Easy setup and easy remote and menu. Shipped with wrong monitor stand adapter and had to call to get one shipped. Sound is a little funky but was able to fine tune. Noticed it had a "soundbar" control on remote so maybe a good idea if this primary TV. Overall really satisfied.Great value & picture.
Ok for the price...im not a big computer tech person...has a pretty good picture..will buy another when neededok for the price
Nice TV for the price, great picture!Nice TV
Not even close to the higher end TVs out there, but we were looking for a cheap TV for my son's room for XBox and DVDs, and this fit the bill. For the PRICE (we paid under $200), this seems to be a great value. There is a small, faint gray dot in the center of the screen, but it is only noticeable when the screen is fully black. I wouldn't get this for a main living room TV or if you are a real video fanatic, but for a cheap secondary unit, it works well. Easy to set up.Good value from low-end option
TV works fine for a bedroom, picture is good and sound is adequate. Remote for Uverse is easily programmed for this TV.

Bought this to replace a Visio that was knocked out by a near lightning strike. Picture and sound quality is just as good and much less expensive.OK so far
No problems with this tv so far. The only Con would be that the sound quality seems a little "tin cannish". We've adjusted the bass etc to the best possible setting but still isn't as deep sounding as the 19" Insignia it replaced.Nice tv
Good for the price. Stand is a little wabbly. Sound could be better.Needed an upgrade
This TV was a good price and great for my son's room!Great TV!!!
We had recently bought a Vizio and were totally let down because bad sound and picture flickering from dark to light. This TV I have had none of those problems. The picture is good and very good sound. Does very well with my Toshiba Blu-Ray. I have a lowsy cable feed to it but it does a very good job with that feed. I like it very much.nice TV, good picture and sound
Bought it for my daughter and son-in-law for their new home. Their first flat screen. They love it!House warming gift!
I love my 32 inch Sceptre! It's awesome. The picture is clear and some people say there are problems with the sound but I have yet to experience that. In fact when I have volume like on one or two the sound is actually quite loud in my room. This was a great deal!Love it!
I was skeptical about getting this tv because it was so inexpensive for the size. However I am very pleased at its features and the picture is clear and beautiful. I'm glad I made the purchase.Great TV, Cheap price
No problem setting up the TV, easy to follow instructions. Usign the set connected to an analog cable so not able to address its quality with a full HD connection.Overall good quality picture for the price.
THE TV IS GREAT//// THE TECHNICAL SUPPORT IS NOT GOOD AT ALL I CALL AND I DID NOT GET A CALL BACK AT ALL IF YOU WENT TECHNICAL SUPPORT GET HELP SOME OTHER WAYGREAT 32 " TV
I didn't expect this TV picture to be as good as it is. I also like the amount of features that come with this model like the USB port several HDMI ports.Great picture
Great price, good tv! Easy to set up and easy to use.Great price, good TV!
good value for pricegood quality pictures
Bought this TV for our bedroom and we are very please.Great TV for the price.
The HD Pic quality on this set is terrific. Most of these cheap TV's have poor sound quality, this one is just "fair". It is livable and as a Bedroom TV will be fine for most folks. The major weakpoint of this set is the stand. It is made of plastic and thus cannot support the weight of the TV. It is very WOBBLY. Luckily Walmart sells a wall mount for $10 and after I get it mounted I think I'll be a lot happier. All in all I got a good 32" TV for the price of a 25".Great Picture, OK sound, Terrible stand
very affordable and was easy to install. works great and we are happy with the purchasegreat product
I do like the TV however we did not get a power cord or remote with one of the two that we bought.Good for the kids
Just received this HDTV and set it up with no problem. Seems to have good value. Price is low. Picture and sound are good. Shipping to Walmart store is free.Great value for a 32" 720dpi HDTV
My 11 year old son purchased this tv with his own savings for gaming in his room. It has great picture and sound quality, especially for the price! The only thing to check before buying is the type of connection you want to use. It does not have a lot of connections, and does not have the component (3 color) connection.Great value!
The TV package was complete with screw driver for screws. The only negative is that control of the audio output barely changes with adjustments entered.Good packaging and good product; exception audio.
This is a very good tv. I just got it today. Sound n picture r great! I love that its much bigger. I ddt find a 3d button though. I do love the tv. I only paid $231! Which is the cheapest ive found:). I am impressd n still shockd how big it is.I do love it as a first time sceptre tv user. O n i got it super fast 2 less dan 5 days!good tv for fair price
For the price this is an exceptional value. Picture and setup are very good. Warranty and shipping excellent. However, after purchasing this one I have become a fan of the Sceptre.Would recommend it to anyone considering a TV in this size. Can not be beat for price and quality!Great for the money
&20 pixel but other than that you can't beat a 32 inch tv led for 159 plus taxDarn good tv for price
The only complaint I have about this TV is the audio - The speakers rattle at low volume and if you add any bass to the party it's even worse - Other than the audio I like itGreat Value
Great view and clear picture.top knotch
It works for the bedroom. My Direct TV remote will not control the volume though...decent TV for the price
This TV is comparable in visual quality to my Samsung. It is sleek - not heavy at all, and looks great. I am really pleased with the product, and most of all the reasonability of the price. I had done some shopping around in Best Buy and PC Richards - and they couldn't beat this price.Great TV for the price!
I bought this tv a couple of months ago and love it!! The picture is great! Sound is fair and could use improvements. The only issue I have had has been with the remote that came with it. It is very hard to change the channels and sometimes when you push the volume, it changes the channel and vice versa. A universal remote would solve this issue. Overall, I would recommend this tv.Great tv for the price
Excellent flat screen TV for the price. I could not be happier. It was perfect for a room we only occassionally watch TV in. I am sure it would be fine as a primary TV as well.Great Value
Enjoying my new TV.Delivery service was very prompt.great service and delivery
color and sound are very good on this TV. for the price and the quick delivery, husband and I are happy campers as they say!!!Happy camper
I bought this tv to replace an old one that my grandparents had that was starting to die (this is their first flat screen). Easy to set up, very sharp picture. It's not a top of the line tv, but it's pretty good. My grandparents don't watch a lot of tv, and this one is simple and very nice for them. I expect the quality to be good as this brand is made by Sony.Bought for my Grandparents
THIS IS A VERY NICE TV FOR THE PRICE. I BOUGHT IT FOR MY DAUGHTER AND SHE IS VERY PLEASED WITH IT. I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS TO OTHER CONSUMERS.NICE TV FOR A GREAT PRICE
It came on time and works just like I excepted.Happy
The tv looks good n works just fine. No probs. Excellent price.Good as any tv!
It was better than I expected for picture quality. The sound needs some adjustment. I'm working on that problem. Well worth the money.My first LCD
Great performer or the price, you cant go wrong.great value for 32in level
Ordered this TV from Walmart.com on 8/16/12, can not believe how fast it was delivered. I was told it would be delivered between the 8/20 and 8/25, But it was delivered on 8/18 I was very much surprised. Had it setup in less then 15 minutes. Picture is great for $189.00 price tag. Sound could be better but I have it in stereo so no problem there. I am amazed at how great the picture is. Actually I replaced a 32 in Toshiba and think The Sceptre picture is just as good if not better. Only had it a couple of days but so far no problems and dont expect any. Was a little unsure about the Sceptre brand at first, but not anymore. No more name brands for me. Its only a name this TV is just as good as any and better then a lot of them. For the price you cant go wrong with this one . I would highly recommend it. Good quality, great picture, meet expectations and really great value.
I dont understand how so many people can give this set a bad review. I have had no probllems I have a 40in Samsung also and the Seceptre deliver just as good..Try it out and see how great it is. Next one will be 42in Sceptre to replace the Samsung. After all only abot two or three Manufactures make all TV's anyway. They just put the name brand on them. Great buy, really great buyNot Bad at all
I saw all the reviews before I bought the Tv's. I bought 2 of them 2013 for my son and daughter. They love them because the tv's rotate and very flat. Hope you enjoy yoursTV is great for my teenagers
This Tv brand is so good, I had it now for over 3 years with no issue. It was my first flat screen TV. I bought it online because of the price. I have purchase a bigger screen of the same brand, less than a year old,picture perfect also. Love this TVperfect picture
what do you want for $250 a great tv that works is reliable and has a decent pictue. sound quality is bad but most flat screen tv's are that way becase of the small speakers and cabinet design. I added a cheap pair of logitech 2.1 surround sprekers ($25) with sub and they sound great.great tv just add some speakers
I just got it, and it works fine. If it lasts 10-15 years, I'll really like it.So far, so good.
This is the second Sceptre I bought. The first one is a 46", second a 32". Extremely satisfied with these TV's. , especially seeing that they are dirt cheap. The 46" I have in the living room and added a surround sound system, fabulous for watching movies. The second is in my work studio, could not ask for anything more. The sound is fine for news and regular programs, for movies it is not satisfactory but then neither is the 32" size, that I have my 46" for. Highly recommend this TV for the budget minded person.Perfect for bedroom
It aint the best But worth moneyNot Bad for Price
IF THE SOUND WAS BETTER IT WOULD BE TOP NOTCH! IT SEEMS TO CUT IN AND THEN BUFFER,MOST TIMES I HAVE TO SET VOLUME ALMOST AS HIGH AS IT GOES.PICTURE IS VERY GOOD.FOR THE PRICE,A GOOD VALUE.
The setup was easy they even give you a screw driver to put the stand on. Packaging was time but no damage. The sound is less then good adaquate but you can not get it to play very loud.Everything except the sound
For the price, this TV is a great value. I'd recommend it.Sceptre 32" TV
Bought this tv for my 9yr old son's room his ps3 games look great on it. Plus it has a usb slot for picture&video sharing 3hdmi ports just all around good value.Excellent tv for the price amazing.
I watched the prices of TV's all holiday season. I purchased the Scepter online because none of the local stores had a comparable price. The TV shows great, it looks good. My only complaint is the sound quality is not the best. But considering I spent 40 bucks less...I am totally happy.Great TV for the price!
We wanted a flat screen blue ray for our bedroom but didnt wanna spend too much money. We got exactly what we wanted and way cheaper then we thought what we would have to pay. Its not a TV for every day use so this TV is perfect. It's still a good tv but perfect for something other than the main tv in the house.TV for the bedroom
Easy to set up. Fits well in the space available. Like the swivel feature LOVE LOVE LOVE the sleep timer feature!Excellent buy for the price. Use in the bedroom
A great picture, especially with DVD's and high def programs. I would recommend small amplified external speakers to improve the poor sound quality.A very good TV at a great price from Wal-Mart.
It is a great deal. And they delivered it Fast. The only thing I do not like is it has good sound but every thing that plugs into it has its own level. for example 3 is good for the game system but to hear a movie it has to be on 12 and tv is only on five so every time you change it the speakers blare real loud. other than that it is wonderful.Great for price
I ordered this TV for my kids. They sent the TV early it was great and the delivery driver even hid the tv when he dropped it at the house has pretty good picture and works very well for the kidssThe kids tv
Bought this a week ago. Great deal ,,,,,price lowered and free shipping. Came in 4 days. I was surprised. Anyway it's a nice looking TV. Sound is good and very adjustable.Picture is good but not on the level of higher end TVs. But for the price and the features it has it's more than worth it so far.Sports look good and movies. Again,for the price it's a very nice TV.Nice TV
I purchased this television to replace one that was stolen. I purchased it during cyber week and I think it is a great deal for the price I paid. I had never heard of the brand Sceptre before and I'm pretty impressed with it. The picture seems to be a little dull to me, but that may be due to having a digital converter and not cable hooked up straight to it. The setup for the TV was very simple and I like that it came with its own screwdriver and cloth to wipe the screen. I would definitely recommend this television if you are looking for something simple with not a lot of bells and whistles.Great replacement TV
Great tv for the bedroom. Wouldn't buy for my living room. Sound quality is not the greatest. But for the price it's a great second tv.Users422
I bought this for use in our bedroom and am very pleased with the purchase.
Easy to connect the stand and set up. Even comes with a small Philips head screwdriver. We have DirectTV and had no problems with tuning in, it is pretty much automatic.
Picture quality is good and it has various options to suit your preference.

Overall, a great little TV especially for the price.Great Value
The original Tv they sent was defective.....and sometimes mistakes happen at the factory......Walmarts replacement policy is top notch....I went to online chat, and within 10 minutes the CSR had arranged to have a new TV shipped, and provided a shipping label to return the defective one.....the new one arrived in 2 days, I returned the defective one.....quick and easy..

Very Good product for the price.....and I would recommend to anyone needing a inexpensive TVNice Product
We were looking for a smaller TV for my Mom and we think this is a good choice. Good 720p picture, basic but good options to tweak, the speakers aren't the loudest but certainly good enough for our purposes.For the money, a terrific deal!
Very recommendednice product
This was a wonderful gift. And the pric.e was very good. Excellent choice. I wud highly recommend itGreat gift to give.
I bought this TV to replace an old bulky TV in my sun room. It was easy to install and set-up. Very satisfied.Good TV for the price.
While I have seen better pictures, this little tv gives you a good pic for the price...no more complaints from the teenager about not being able to read the game graphics while playing. The sound quality leaves a little to be desired, as you have to turn it WAY up to hear it, but probably nothing a sound bar wouldn't fixGood value for the price
Nothing special about this TV, but I got it for $239 which I thought was a great value for a Christmas present.Good Value
The sound is like it comes from a separate unit but nice picture great value, I can live with it for the $$I like the picture the sound is a lil weird .
I am not used to the horizontal orientation of the screen and would prefer it vertically but all the LCD TVs come this way so I will have to adapt.horizontal orientation of the screen
Lower your expectations when only spending $200 on a tv. This one has a nice pic but speakers are not good. They rattled alot even with bass turned way down. This tv can't handle much volume either. Speakers need to have no bass and be tinny to not rattle. I decided to upgrade to the element 40" because I want full HD and bigger picture. I'VE LEARNED THAT ITS NOT ALWAYS THE BEST OPTION TO BUY THE ONE WITH A TON OF REVIEWS. ULTIMATELY ITS STILL UP TO YOU!Decent TV
This tv is well worth the buy! Great bedroom tv. If you don't bed hd then this tv is perfect!Great value!
I like this TV all and all but it is lacking features and the sound is not the best. That's about all I can complain about it it was easy set up and works good for what I use it for (gaming). I would definitely recommend this TV to anyone.good TV if on a budget
This TV exceeded my expectations for the price it is an excellent value.good product
Picture quality is great for the small room I have it in. No problems at all!Great Television for the money!
TV exceptional value.Excellent value.
Have had item for a week. Good picture. Sound not the greatest but for the money I can deal with it. Getting a sound barGreat quality
I needed a TV for a condo that I moved into while traveling for contract work. Nice size, Good picture.Excellent TV for what I needed it for
This TV has everything I need for my bedroom. The picture quality is very good and the sound is suitable for my expectations. You cannot beat the price a 32 inch for 200+. It cant be beat in the price category.Would recommend to a friend.Great TV for the bedroom
I didn't pay a lot of money for this Tv and it works pretty well. Sound is fine, pictures are fine so I am happyGood for the price
I was looking for televisions to place in my spare bedrooms and came upon this 32". First of all, the size and the price matches my budget. Not that I will be utilizing these tvs much; but my family members and guests may not want to leave!Worth the price
Their isn't anything I can tell you about the workings of this TV yet. I purchased it as a Christmas gift for my grandson. What I can say is I went to the store to see what the TV looked and worked like before I bought it and saved a lot of money buying it on line.Its a gift
Easy to operate, Self explainatory remote controller. Great product for the price. I love it.Great TV for the Price
for the money i paid it exceeds expectationsgreat value
So far has good sound and picture for the price. Is very light and perfect for bedrooms. Very pleased.Great tv for price
I purchased this product as a gift for my grandson who was promoted to second grade with high honors. His old TV did not allow him to play the games kids play on the TV. The gift that would be long remembered to encourage him to continue keeping up the good work in school. He is very happy with his new TV. It has all the features he needs. The price was good and I am pleased.
Thank you Walmart.cbla
I was skeptical at first because of the brand name and extremely low price but I was soon proven wrong. I seen all the good reviews and decided to give it a try. At such a low price you get exactly what you're paying for and more. The size is perfect for a bedroom and the sound and picture quality is pretty good.Great value
This was a great bargain. The sound and picture are pretty good, considering the price I paid. I am very pleased with it for a television for a guest bedroom.Great television for the price!
it a little hard to change settings but once set up its ok for what we wantedit better than i wantented for the price
Good picture and great price. Sound features are hard to use and the remote is not recognized by my cable box.Sceptre 32" Class LCD
The picture quality of this TV is good, but the sound reminds you of a transistor radio. Anyone reading this that is old enough to remember how a transistor radio sounds will remember the "tinny" sound. Like you are in a metal barrel listening to the programs. Could make better use of computer monitor speakers for this system.Great TV if sound not necessary.
TV is a great value, has nice pic and it's perfect size for a bedroom. I would go for a larger size if it's primary use will be in a family/living area.texasangel79
Very good value when you compare cost vs qualityNice tv
I bought this for my kids, they play a lot of video games, very good picture quality and easy to assemble out of the box my 12yr old son put it tohetherGreat TV for kids room
Picture quality is fantastic. The only draw back is the sound. It seems to be coming out of the back which makes it seem far away. I have ordered a sound bar to try and bring the sound out better. overall it is a great purchase.Great for the money
this is my first flat screen.i shopped around and read the reviews.i am happy with my purchase.good tv for the price
Best price I have ever seen for a flat screen TV. Sound is a bit hollow and high pitched, but I have a sound bar, so it doesn't bother me. Picture is very good.Great for the price !
I bought this to replace an old analog TV that died. I knew I was taking a risk due to the price, but I've been pleasantly surprised. I've had the TV for about a week now. It worked fine for a couple of days, but then the picture started showing interference. It had wide, horizontal bands of white "snow" in large flickering pixels. Over the next couple of days it got progressively worse to the point of being impossible to watch.

I had seen a couple of reviews where the TV worked fine for a couple of days and then just stopped working, so I was worried I was going to have to return it and pay for a more expensive one, but I thought I'd try replacing the co-axle cable first. I was using the one from the previous TV. I replaced the cable this evening and so far, so good. The picture is now clear with zero interference. Finger's crossed this will last. I'll update if I have problems.

I do not have HD cable on this TV, so I can't really assess the picture quality. My mother says it isn't as crisp as her TVs where HD cable is connected, but it seems to be pretty good to me. As for the sound, it is loud enough and I do not hear any interference. I don't claim to have very sensitive hearing these days, however.

I don't find there is a lot of control over the settings. They seem pretty limited. I think I went through them all as I was trying to clean up the picture as it declined.

Overall, I'm happy with my purchase. For $200, I got a 32" flat screen. It is not a fine television by any standards, but it is certainly good enough for me.

I'm realistic enough to know that in a month, I could be singing a different tune, but for now, I'd recommend this to others. If you are strapped for cash but you really want a flat screen, this is the TV for you. Or, if you need an extra TV for a guest room, etc., this TV will do fine.Good value. Not great, but good.
No complaints. Exceeds expectations.Dollar for Dollar a great buy.
Sceptre has been making good computer LCDs for years. They put in a tuner and viola a TV. At this price I won't go ballistic if the kids through the Wii controller through the screen. Well maybe a little.Great for the the kids room.
The sound is more like Mono than Stereo. I'm going to set up a small sound system to it. For the price it is really good.Very Good
Have had no issues so far in any way that I can think of. Not the ew wow of HD tv's but I got a smokin deal, it is for my bedroom, mostly ambient noise and watch a game while I am on my computer. It does that fantastic! I would buy it again for sure. I did buy the 2 year extended warranty because you just never know!Dollar vs. Product Quality a GREAT purchas.
I brought this TV because I didn't want to put a lot of money into a TV while in Afghan especially with all the dust that never seems to go away. I feel in love with it as soon as I hooked it up. The TV is well worth more than the price. It was very easy to set up. I said I would sell it to a battle buddy when I leave in 22 months but if it makes it through all the sand storms I am taking this one with me to my next assignment. GREAT PRODUCT FOR A AWESOME PRICE!!!Great Product for price
Good item for the price but I have gotten a sekio for the same price but s 40inch but great for the price but I like the features of this tvgood item
Ordered on a Tuesday- arrived on Thurs - 2 days that's fast ! Package was somewhat battered - I took pictures before opening as I suspected there could be damage , but it was OK. Easy set up - they even supply a screwdriver to attach the stand !. Overall not a bad deal.OK for the money, sound quality not very good.
This tv is a great size for the bedroom. The picture is good too. The only thing is the volume, you have it turn it up pretty high to hear it good. Maybe I just need to program it againNice tv
Excellent value for the money light weight and easy to install.Great for the bedroom
I bought this TV for a bedroom and hooked it up to an antenna. I get great reception and a great picture. The TV stand was easy to attach to the TV and I had it assembled in just a couple of minutes. They even include a Phillips screwdriver in the box. The TV is attractive with a narrow case showing from the front. The sound is average with the sound coming from the bottom of the set instead of the front. There is plenty of volume to hear the sound over my treadmill running. I like the fact that this TV is lightweight and easy to move around. The plug to attach either cable or antenna faces downward. There is a separate area facing the left (looking from the front) with additional hookups, such as (1) USB and (3) HD, but not a place to attach cable or antenna there. I found this a little inconvenient, but it is a minor issue. Scanning for channels during set-up was easy using the quick set-up guide provided. I also tried hooking the TV to cable in another room and had good success with that too. The picture quality is very good for the price I paid. Overall I'm very pleased with this TV in the 3 days I've had it. I have watched it each day as I'm on my treadmill. The remote is easy to use and batteries and a polish cloth were included in the package.

I ordered this TV on a Friday morning, and it was delivered FedEx by the following Monday. Shipping was fast, and the package arrived in good condition. Walmart sent a timely shipping notification to me by email and I was able to track the package along the way. Great job Walmart and FedEx!Great TV for the Price
Nice flat screen tv for the price. Glad I got it.Nice TV
great picture qualityGreat picture quality
I was very surprised of the quality of the tv for not being a brand name product. Thanks for having a great price and the picture is very nice.Nice tv for the price.
I bought this tv for the spare room. It is a GREAT TV for the price. It is connected to a digital antenna that currently captures 40 FREE crystal clear HD channels. The volume is a little funny...it still sounds pretty loud even at 1 and gets a little distorted after 20 (on surround sound/dynamic). The features are great: freeze frame, 3 hdmi connections, favorite channel selections, etc. Very happy with my purchase. I would but another if I had another spare room :)Seriously great TV for the price!!!
good deal for a great tvgreat tv
As a first tv, this tv does the job for just watching tv and that's it! Not for gamers, music lovers, movie crazy people looking for that theatrical movie theater sound!Good for the money's worth
This TV is a great value! It's just like the upper name brand flat screens. Great product, I have no complaints, and this is coming from a person who owns 4 name brand plasma TVsGreat Flat Screen TV for the price!
Ordered one of these to use as a PC monitor so was looking more at the price rather than overall quality. Received the TV in a very short time after ordering, set it up that day and was so pleased that I promptly ordered another one for our other PC. That too arrived quickly with same results in ease of set up, etc. Great for use as a monitor since it is lightweight and thin to fit on a desk, easy to set up, and just a great value for the money.Great price for a good product.
goodgood
I am very pleased with the value of the Sceptre 32" HDTV. The picture quality is more than acceptable. The only complaint is that the sound sounds a little strange and the TV is too loud. Having the volume on the lowest setting without it being muted is sometimes too loud.Great value
This TV is 720 pixels and 60hz so you see the squares lol. But for an extra TV, child's room, camper/RV or just, like me, you needed a cheap TV this is beyond perfect. I was very pleasantly surprised to see that the manufacturer included EVERYTHING you need for set-up. That is rare and thoughtful. You can't buy anything nowadays without having to purchase everything extra - batteries, screws, what have you. I mean everything came with, even a screwdriver and a polishing cloth!!! That's the type of customer friendly behavior that I find makes a manufacturer stand out and increases customer loyalty.
The picture is very good quality given it's only 720 pixels and I found the menu set-up, albeit cheap, user friendly. There is no 'smart' function capability, but you can buy a Roku or something similar to stream from your computer if you want. There are several inputs, HDMI, VGA, RCA even for headphones, making this a cheap TV that is adaptable to your needs.
The audio is the same as for all the flat panel TV's I've encountered no matter the cost. There is no place on the TV for the stereo sound that the old CRT TV's had. So without the user going out and spending extra money to purchase a sound bar or sound system, the audio is lousy. Tin-ny, twiny and NEVER loud enough except during commercials lol. This TV is no different.
Having never purchased a Sceptre(r) product, it's adaptability, user friendly menu and set-up, manufacturer extras, and comparable screen and audio functionality, the cost is beyond all expectations!!! When you can easily spend 3 times more for a famous brand TV with the same options and picture quality - Sceptre(R) stands out as exceptional. I would whole heartedly recommend this product to anyone!All this for $170!!!!!
Bought this as a gift for my son,it's perfect for a video game set up. The three HDMI ports are a plus,the majority of sets this size only have two.Good deal for the money
First order it did not have all the parts and I had to return it to the store and reorder another one because the store did not carry this brand in stock.Good basic HD TV
The price was excellent as well as the ease and user friendly guide and instructions. What was advertised is what was delivered.good tv for a guest room!
great little tv works greatLots of bang forthe Buck
seems ok after 2 weeksok
Worth it for the price. Could use an extra AV input but that is also me being greedy. If you don't care about and or aren't sure about the difference between 720 and 1080, it's a good place to start.Good value.
I have only had this tv for a few days, but at this price I couldn't pass it by. Exceeds my expectations . Picture is excellent and sound is no worse than my other flat screen. Hooked up my roku with no problems. I don't know anything about sound, but it seemed to help when I decreased the base and increased the treble. Recognizing that there are many reported problems with this tv, I am keeping the box. The only negative is there are too many staples in the box which makes trying to keep it in good shape is quite a job.pleasantly surprised
we bought this tv for the bedroom. it has a great picture and sounds great.nice tv for a bedroom
I recently purchased 2 T.V. one for my God Daughter as a Christmas gift, and one for my guest bedroom. Picture quality is excellent, but the sound quality is not so great. Once I connected a surround sound system, the sound quality was then excellent, I can now hear the sound as I play the Wii system.

Debbie, RN from Augusta, Ga.Would recommend to buy
My parents love their gift.Great replacement TV as a gift
This is my second one. I bought the first one over a year ago and have not had any problems. The default sound settings are pretty bad, but you can change them and make it okay.Great Value
It was easy to put together and hook up was nothing it has a great pic and sounds really good I like it so faronly had it for 2 days
The product was quick to be delivered and setup was a breeze. There was a little issue when I got the order, on of the units I ordered was missing the neck piece to attach the tv to the stand. I left a message with Sceptre and they never called back so I just kept calling until I got through. Once through they ordered the part with no questions asked...I am still a little ticked that it didn't come with all the parts but their customer service made up for it.good product with minor issues.
I bought this TV for my daughter's dorm room. Great size and quality TV for the price I paid. As TV's go, of course the sound quality isn't great. However, it serves its purpose and my daughter is happy.Great TV for the Price
got this for my husband for his " Bear room - as in Chicago", he says it's good, he enjoys watching his games on it. the room is small so it works out just fine!couldnt pass on the price
Finally, I get to enjoy this tv. This is the 3rd tv I received in a week and a half because the first two were damaged in shipment. The tv is a great buy, especially since I got free shipping and a $25 credit for opening a Walmart credit card acct. suggest the company look into the packaging of this item to eliminate the angst I experienced.Great Deak
The TV picture quality is outstanding however the sound leaves a
lot be desired! Had to go out and purchase speakers to boost the sound.Nice TV for the price.
Not the picture quality I expected, but not terrible.Decent for price.
The Color of the picture is Wonderful, Great Deal for the Price and would Galdly Recommend this purchase to Friends and FamilyGreat Color and Pictures. Very much Satisfied.
I purchased this TV for my dad based on prevous customers' reviews. It is a great TV for a really great price.Great Price for a Great TV
Easy to connect for my DVD and to get to correct source.--niceThis is my third Sceptre and no complaints now
This TV is fantastic, the color is amazing and I love it. However, the sound isn't all that great. I am purchasing some speakers to hook up to it to improve the sound quality, it seems like volume 1-60 sounds like a clock radio... It is a great TV for the price but if you are looking for better sound quality, I would highly recommend getting some external speakers for it.Great TV, not so great sound
I bought this for our bedroom. I didn't need a big, do everything TV for this room. We watch TV maybe an hour or so every day. I bought this for the price and size. The picture quality is really good, but the only thing that isn't good is the sound. I had read about that in past reviews and didn't think it was a big deal, but it was. My husband bought a receiver and hooked up some speakers we already had and what a difference that made. I watch more TV in there now.
I'm very happy with it.Good TV for the money.
I am enjoying my Sceptre TV. I put it in my bedroom to upgrade from a 19 inch that I have had for years. The initial set up was a little difficult. It makes you search for the digital cable channels and I had to go through the set up a couple of times before I could actually watch TV (It could have been an oversight on my part). Once I got it set up everything appears to be gook. The picture quality is good, then again I am not a real stickler about that as long as its clear. However, I am still working on increasing the sound. It's a little low for my taste (hope I'm not losing my hearing!) even with the volume all the way up. I didn't go into the menu and see if it was on stereo or not. I will check that and post again if that's the problem. If not I may have to visit the doctor and see what the heck is going on :-).Good TV for the bedroom
I received this TV in a dented and broken box. Only to find out that the TV itself was dented and broken. A total inconveniance and hassle to have another TV shipped out. The store should have noticed the dent and had another one sent without me having to hassle with it. Would have rather it not be broken and then I wouldnt have had to hassle with getting another TV shipped and sending the old broken one back. Other then that the TV seems great so far. Ive only had it for a few days tho. But I now have to wait for the new one to come in so hopefully there is nothing wrong with that one.Broken Product
This tv has good picture quality but the sound is not the best. At the price it one of the best values I have found.This a great tv for spare bedroom
has great volume and good connectionsgood tv for bedroom
This tv works great and had a great priceGood price for a tv
Works great. Great Price.VG TV for price
Had my TV a little over a week now. So far so good. Was very easy to set up and came with it own magnetic screw driver
Its true what other reviewers claim, the sound could be louder. Once I hooked it up to watch HD channels thru Uverse, the sound did get louder. Not bad for the for the price.Great TV for first time flat screen buyer
TV offers a much improved picture quality over my last TV. Easy to use - hooked up video camera to the television for first time yesterday to show my kid's school play to family. Only frustration at this point is that I cannot get my DirectTV remote to synch up with the TV so I am using 2 remotes.Excellent TV at the right price
Out of the box and up and running in 20 min. All you need to put the stand on is supplied. Picture is better than another HDTV I paid much mor money for.Great HDTV
MY SON LOVES IT, IT IS PERFECT FOR HIS VIDEO GAMES.TV
great product and i would recommend it to a friendgreat price
Assembly and installation is straight forward and not complicated. The only problem I have is I cannot program my Directv remote to control this television. Picture quality and sound are ok. This would be a really good tv for a bedroom.Good TV
Personally speaking, I'm not the type to get caught up in to "name-brands," so when I compared this television to other more costly brands and saw that they were just about equal - I went with the ScepTre. And although I've only had it a couple of weeks to date, it serves its purpose quit well.

I'm very satisfied with the picture and sound quality. After all......what do we need and/or expect from a TV besides quality picture & sound and parental controls?!?!?Nice for the price!
She loves it! I purchased it online and had it delivered to her in Colorado.I bought this Tv as a gift for my mother
ok well for it being my very fist flat screen I love it its just a little to small for my likingIts ok for my first tv
nice productgood picture
A good all around
TVGreat for a bedroom TV
Price is good, arrived on time. Brought it for a gift.brought it for gift
THe volume on this tv is INSANE. It's too loud even on 1. The HD on here is very very clear and it's very bright. I am pleased with this purchase. GREAT price.Surprisingly Efficiant
nice tv for the moneyNice tv for the money
Really nice TV but the stand is cheaply made. Other than that, I have no complaints.Great TV at a great price
this is a good deal for the money the TV has a good picture and good soundgood deal
ordering and pick up went just fine
television is a nice one
until I go to submit this...nickname held up the process????nice TV
would recommend to othersits a good product
purchase this online almost ninety days ago, great picture quality and sound with my old computer speaker. I recommend this TV, in addition, excellent price at time of purchase. Please keep your eyes open for good deal @ Walmart.Great TV
I am enjoying my new TV great picture.relaxing in bed
Looks good in son rmHelpful
only had this a month but so far seems to be working as I hoped. Great picture and great price. If it lasts, as I think it will I'll upgrade my rating to 5 stars. I bought 2 different sizes.new customer
I have not had these TVs for very long, I would rather fill out this survey in 6 months to a year when I have had the TVs for enough time to really know.it is OK...so far
TV is greatTelevision
Bought it for my 81 year old mother she loves it.For the money it's not bad
Is a very good tv i recommendedt.v
The only thing I found that wasn't great was the volume,you must turn it way up to hear it over the noise of a small room a/c!Not Bad
Great product but I have reason to believe the rca ports do not work on my tv.great quality picture. enjoyed the HDMI capabili
The product than I buy work perfect and I received one day before the shipping day.So Good
Good for price. Light and easy to use.Good for price
Purchased for an airline crash pad. Needed basic upgrade to old tube tv and this set fits the bill nicely with surprisingly good picture (simple antenna HD channels)Good value for basic flat screen
Not familiar with the brand, but seems to be a good value.Great value
I brought this for my daughter when her old set quit. The setup was simple and only took a few minutes. The kit comes with a movable base (even include a cheap screwdriver). Documentation is fairly clear and easy to follow. Unit is fairly lightweight at about 15 lbs.Great basic TV
I bought this for my kids room and is has a nice picture quality, easy to hook up and is a decent size. My only complaint is the sound quality is a bit tinny. But overall a good purchase for the price.Good purchase for the money
My roommates and I purchased this TV for our house looking for a very cheap solution with medium quality. We are extremely pleased with the purchase. The video and audio quality are great. Set-up was easy, and we've experienced no problems so far. I would highly recommend it!Great for such a low price
The built in digital tuner picked up 49 digital channels in addition to all the analog channels.
Only cable is connected to this TV, not a box.
This means I can get all these HD channels without purchasing an additional converter box
for this specific TV. (A $9.00 monthly savings)
Very satisfied with this product.Great TV for the price.
like the fact that it can be used as a monitorgood size tv for price
LOVE THIS TV BUT THE SOUND IS HORRIBLE!!!GREAT VALUE FOR PRICE
Thank you for carrying this item, it will get plenty of use.An everyday item
For an inexpensive TV it is well worth the costGood Buy
The TV does not have a optical connection which I need. The online description was not clear.Returning
Size and benefits as expectedThe right tv for me
ExcellentNice product
NEEDS A BETTER SOUND QUALITY, I INSTALLED A SOUNDBAR AND MADE THE DIFFERENCE. HAS GREAT PICTURE AND IT IS A NICE LOOKING PRODUCT.GREAT TV BUT VERY POOR SOUND, BUY A SOUNDBAR ALSO
Larger than expected (my bad) doesn't fit entertainment center. Extremely light weight so easily portable. Only problem is have to have cable remote reprogrammed and cat wants to lie next to screen.Good deal.
The picture is not real sharp on none HD picture else I would give it five stars. Sound is real good.
I thought the mounting holes in the back could be larger because I mounted it in an RV trailer that goes bouncing down the road. Remote noes not have preset buttons for favorite channels. Only for 3-D.Good TV for the money
I can not honestly rate this television as it was bought as a present for a friend at Christmas. I can only make comments after this set has been set up and used. On the "plus" side, the price paid for this size TV set was very reasonable.Good selling price
The product is good but the fact it was NOT shipped in a plain box ruined a Christmas surprise. Moronic slip this time of year. ANYTHING SHIPPED THIS TIME OF YEAR SHOULD BE PACKAGED!!Specter tv great for the money
Great picture quality. Just didn't like the fact that the cable signal wouldn't pass through the standard 'cable wire' versus running through HDMI. And for the life of me I can't get the cable remote to talk to the TV properly.

For the price - great deal.Good for the price
Obviously not meant to be a tv that has all the bells and whistles. But it is a pretty good tv in my opinion, good picture, decent sound ...and for the price, well, that ought to be enough :-)Good enough
Great for the price, you can't go wrong.Awesome, I was a little skeptical before
Purchased this television on a Black Friday special. So far I'm very pleased with the quality of the picture and the sound. I'm more impressed with the speedy delivery experienced with Walmart.com. Can't wait till the next opportunity to purchase something online via Walmart.com.Crystal Clear
This is a good tv for a child's starter tv. It's a generic and inexpensive television, so you wouldn't have to worry about the cost of replacing it, if it had gotten broken. There was a visible speck inside the screen. It had been shipped. Could be the reason for the speck. It works and the swiveling is kind of convenient.Swivel TV
Amazing product. Easy to read remote control. Very easy to set up.Great product
Very nice TV, good picture, sound a little tinny, but nearly all 32" TV's have poor sound. Three hdmi inputs and a very nicely arranged controller.For the price and the features this is a winnerNice TV
It's a very good TV for the price perfect image and sound, the thing I didn't like is that when you try changing the image setting the difference is not that visible on less you go to the settings and slide the brightest and contrast your self the Same with the audio other than that I recommend it to anyone. Me personally I'm thinking about buying another one.Perfect for the price
Easy setup instructions and easy to install other electronics to the TV.Light weight great for Senior Adults
The tv is going good works great and I enjoy using itNice tv
Mounted on the wall and the picture is good, for the price. Sound quality leaves a little to be desired, but because this isn't our primary tv, we'll deal with it.Picture's good - sound, not so much.
greatgreat tv
Great picture! I was skeptical at first, but glad I purchased this TV.Two thumbs up
Good TV for the Price. I use it for a secondary bedroom TV and as a computer monitor through the VGA. The picture is great and it works well. The sound is not real loud so you may want to get a sound bar or hook it up to your existing surround sound system. Great buy overall! Quick shipping. I received it in 2 days!Great 32" TV for 169.99
Sound quality is just slightly poor but over all very pleased with the purchase.Nice for the price
My first HDTV. Nice picture, sound isn't as clear and loud as I would hope but not bad by any means. Good quality for the price.Nice for the price.
Wonderful picture quality. The picture is a little dark, but thats ok. It far surpasses my standard tv.
I did purchase additional speakers because the small ones in the sceptre do not resonate the sound enough.
Keeping that in mind I recommend this unit strongly.Great buy!
Honestly, for the money, the quality is quite good. Easy set-up; great value. We'll see if it stands the test of time, but right out of the box, it's quite goodGood Value
Very nice TV that we are using in our bedroom with Roku supplying the signal... Works great and the 720P is plenty of resolution for a 32" TVGood Value
The sound is not as good as expectedI bought two 32" tv
Works great, easy set-up, wonderful features.Gotta love it!
Purchasing this tv was a great decision. I would recommend it to others.Great picture quality and easy to set up.I plan on buying a 42-46 inch Sceptre in the near future.My only concern is that its not a smart tv but had I done more research pryor to purchase I would have known this.Pleased as punch
This is a great tv for the price. We wanted a new TV for our family room and this was a good choice without spending a lot of money. We have been pleased with this product thus far. It has had a lot of use and we have encountered no problems, Overall very pleasedgreat tv
TV is nice, volume could be louder. Overall a pretty good product for the money.32 inch hd tv
Although I have only had this tv for a day, It has already proved to me how great it really is. the specs of this tv is the same as a samsung, lg, or panasonic, but the price:
$169(might be a black friday deal) is so much better than paying $250 for a samsung tv. Also this is better by including 3 HDMI Ports instead of 2 . It has a nice thin bezel and makes your room seem bigger and neater. With the bluray player I bought, the screen resolution looks amazing. The adjustable settings make the tv a whole lot better. For a kid's room, or even a small room in your house, and you don't want to pay a lot for a tv, get this tv. I know the company is not known very well, but this tv is the same as any other 32 inch 720p tv; just cheaper.A normal tv, for a good price
I purchased this TV for my daughters dorm after the holidays. I was concerned about the brand, I never heard of it before. I did some research and found some of the parts are Sony brand. This was a positive aspect including the price. I read many of the customer reviews, the good and bad, decided for the price and the reason it was needed we should give it a try. It came with a small stand which had to placed on the TV. The screw driver was included, thankfully as we did not have one in her dorm room. The remote also came with batteries, forgot those too. The instructions were easy to follow and we were watching TV in about 10 minutes after the channels loaded. The picture clarity is not bad for something so inexpensive, and the first this we watched was football. I did not use it enough to say yes I would consider for my primary TV, but my daughter is enjoying a 32 inch in her dorm and she said it is great! I would recommend this product and will buy another in the future.Worried about the Brand Name
I've only had product for a few days, but perfect size for my small room, and great visual picture. Packaged neatly, and with good clear instructions for start-up; even provided a small Phillips-head screwdriver for assembly of the support/stand. At any rate, good value for the money --$150 from Walmart.com.Great value for lower-level TV
Sound might not be the same quality as big name brands, however, it does not bother me. Picture quality is great and value of product can't be beat. My husband loves his surprise Christmas present. The man cave is a happier place.Value, value, value
rotation good quality picture sound pitch high enoughaffordable
Very very very satisfiedi saw my friend with one so i went on got myself o
Picture's good, size is perfect for our bedroom, and we love it. The only thing that we are not 100% satisfied with is the sound. It is not the best, and sounds like everyone is talking in a cave, but just slightly. Obviously not so bad that we don't enjoy movies. For the price, it's perfect!Love it!
Very Happy with purchase easy set up quick delivey timeGreat Value
Just as good as any other tv. Except 3d or Smart tv.Love It
I was one bitterly aganist the flat screens,but now I'm really enjoying the full screen picture and the room that it does not take up on my cabinet. Beautiful picture.I'm sold.Now I can see!!
only had TV for 3 weeks
great value for money paid
speakers are ok
picture is goodgreat valve
We bought this for our kids room during the post Thanksgiving sales. Decided to pay the little bit extra to avoid the craziness of the Black Friday nonsense. Was very pleased with how fast if was shipped. Got it even sooner than they quoted when we ordered it. Picture quality is good and so is the sound. Kids enjoy watching their shows as well as gaming on it. Screen big enough that they can play together on it with a split screen.Good for the price.
Turkey-ific savings and excellent view quality!Thanksgiving Terrific Totals!!
To wait to get a better pricegreat tv
So far so good!Nice tv for the price
Tv is pretty good for the price, speaker are ok but its a nice tv overall.Nice TV!
Easy to set-upChristmas present for me
This product was great. Easy to assemble television with stand with easy to understand directions. Delivery was early and with care.Snazzy Screen
TV arrived on time and in good condition. The TV has cable and a DVD connected to it thru two HDMI connections. The TV is also being used as a computer monitor. The picture is good. The sound could be better. Only had the TV a couple of months so I cannot discuss it's reliability.Worth the money.
very easy hook-up.
extremely good price for the size.
works very well. my kids use it for TV and for gaming. works well for both.good product for the price`
Very nice picture for such a low price. Is plenty bright, too.Low price, good size!
This tv set is SO say to set up and to get going! From opening the box to watching a program - I think it took me no longer than 10-15 mins! Picture - GREAT! Remote - GREAT! Weight - SUPER LIGHT! Sound - A "little tinney" to me, but, I'm sure if you attached any "outside" sound producer - such as a sound bar, or even just "speakers", would take care of this minor distraction. In fact... I never did anything for the sound, and I have gotten " adjusted to it quite well.Liked it so much - I ordered ANOTHER one!
Even though I had read the reviews before purchasing, didn't expect the brilliant color and sound that I got. Really exceeded my expectation especially for the economical price that it is sold at.Beyond expectation.
Good picture good color
I'm very satisfied with my purchase!Great TV
decent picture-- sound is not all that great but that is not uncommon for these types of TVs.decent for the price
Got this for someone as gift. Ordered online and picked up in store. Process was quick and easy, price was good, arrived at store earlier than expected which was nice. Family member this was given to says easy to set up, picture is great and they are very pleased with it.gift
just needed a 32 in for the room, if you have dish or cable you have to adjust the picture to view all the info on the guide. great for a kids room so i have no complaints as of this moment ...good tv
I bought this refurb needing best price for good TV. I had no hesitation with this relatively obscure brand because several years ago I bought a used PC that came with a Sceptre wide-screen monitor with DVI input and internal speakers which has been used constantly and still works flawlessly with incredible clarity and contrast. This Sceptre TV's picture is just as good, and I was pleased when, despite being a refurbished unit, Sceptre allowed me to register the purchase and extended the full factory warranty. I was, however, slightly disappointed with its less than full-feature control set, for example its USB input will only show pictures or play music; video files of any format not even detected (boo!). I mean, why even have a USB port? Its seemingly comprehensive remote control includes many buttons (1/3 of total) which are unassigned any function and cannot be used (boo!) Not even the buttons designated to control a SoundBar will function with a Sceptre (or any other) Soundbar. Finally, it is NOT a SmartTV, which I realized and I hope to connect a USB Chrome/Amazon/Roku or other stick so that Internet and WiFi streaming will become possible.Great Picture; a little lean on features
The tv has a good picture even in rooms with bright light. I had concerns with it being only 720p but did not notice any significant difference. The tv is extremely light. The only issue I found is the volume does not get very loud. Not an issue when you hook it up to extenal sound/speakers.Good value for the money.
So far the tv has been great.Sceptre 32in.
Great picture, lots of features. Auto vol level is ok except for commercials. Great buy!!!great picture, lots of features
I really liked the construction and metal-brushed frame of this television. It looks very sleek on my stand. Decent sounding speakers and nice looking picture. [non-HD].Great value on flat screen television
good tv for the price so far only had it a couple weeks. I can use it as a computer monitor also which is a plus. Picture is clear and sound is awesome .good tv for price so far
I had to order two, the first one was busted upon arrival, not sure if it was because of Walmart or the ups people. The second one was shipped and I got it within 2 days. Overall a good experience.Good quality for the price
Mother's day gift. Good quality TV, the images are very clear and no problems so far.Quality Item
so when you purchase this television you show buy sound bar and HDMI cord .good
I would buy it again because of the low price and initial quality. My wife likes watching Wheel of Fortune and Jeopardy while in the kitchen and this fills the bill. Our VIZIO is a cut above the SCEPTER picture and sound quality (and price!!) but the SCEPTER is definitely acceptable for a TV in our kitchen. We have only had it a few weeks so I hope it lasts.Good TV
While it's no smart TV this is a great deal for what you get. I'm pleased with the product for the price I paid.great deal!
I've had this TV in the 40" for over a year and I've had no problems with it. I got the 32" for my 97 year old father as a replacement for an old analog TV. He has been complaing about it since I set it up. To be fair he complains about everything I try to do for him. There are two issues with this TV that I'd read about in other reviews before I bought mine. #1: The stand is cheap plastic and wobbly #2: The sound isn't high quality. I overlook these issues for myself because the price is affordable but this is what my father is complaining about. So I'm buying a wall mount and speaker bars for his TV. I'm sure he'll complain about these too, but I will know I did my best. I think this is pretty decent TV for the price.Sceptre 32 inch TV
Its way to soon for a review. The tv was very easy to set up. So far its got a great picture and the sound is on par with most,Sceptre 32"
This tv work well especially for the money. It is true that the sound isn't the best but for the kids it works out well. It's very thin and takes up very little space. Overall good product!Great for the price!
Very good picture quality. Got this product on sale @ $159.99 which was a good deal.SCEPTRE HDR32'
System was easy to set up. Good quality. Zero cables though, other than power cableGood for the price
We haven't had it for much over a week but so far, so good. Everything has met our expectations.Nice TV for nice price
Bought this online to update a TV in my home. The picture is great and I am enjoying watching now compared to my old TV. Sound is good too.Great picture and sound
I LOVE THE TV, THE COLOR & THE VIBERANCE BUT I HATE THE SOUND. I HAVE IT SET TO THE HIGHEST BASS LEVEL BUT IT IS SO TREBLE. I HAVE LOOKED AT SOUND BARS BUT BECAUSE I HAVE A DVD BURNER & A BLU RAY PLAYER HOOKED TO IT, I NEED A CONNECTION THAT HAS HDMI IN& OUT. THOSE ARE VERY EXPENSIVE & COST MORE THAN WHAT I PAID FOR THE TV. I WOULD LOVE TO HAVE A BETTER SOUND BUT I AM NOT SURE HOW TO TAKE CARE OF THIS SOUND MATTER.HATE THE SOUND!!!!
I bought this TV for the bedroom . It makes a good second TV. Wouldn't want it for primary TV.Good TV for the money.
I purchased my 32 in. At Walmart. It shipped quickly and was an easy set up. The sound could be better and I plan to purchase a sound bar to help. When you try to set the sound to play softly to level 1, it is still very loud. The sound sounds a bit like in a can at times. No other complaints, especially for the price.Great price!
Bought just this month for my Mother. She is amazed at the definition and color!Beautiful Color
We bought two of these for our daughters for Christmas from Wal-Mart for a bargain price. I was very impressed with the ease of assembly and hook up, 8 screws and Sceptre even includes the screw driver. Lots of input options. Lots of tuning and set up options, all accessible from the remote. This model is at the bottom of the yearly power consumption costs. Very good picture even though it is a 720P set. The TV is very light weight and stable on the supplied stand. We've had it a very short time but are very impressed.Great Bargain
Excellent picture, size. USB port however is not friendly to Mac Users. Drives have to be formatted as Windows FAT 32, not Mac Format. And while Mac can format drives as Windows FAT 32, it creates hidden files which the Sceptre Tv tries to read and then lists as "cannot display." There is a work around, but it is quite tedious. You have to find the hidden files using Terminal, then delete them in terminal. Google for directions.Headache for Mac Users
Still learning how to set and operate it, going pretty goodSo far, so good
Now that Ive had this tv for about a month and understand it better I'm glad I purchased it. The only downside is the canny sound but my understanding is all flat screens have that. I plugged in speakers and using the speakers or a head phone the sour is great.My first flat screen
This is the second one we have bought and are happy with both.Like the built in DVD.
FIRST SPECTRE WAS 40" LIKED ALOT SO I NEEDED A TV FOR THE BEDROOM SO I PURCHASED THIS ONE2ND SCEPTRE WITHIN A YEAR
I bought this as an extra TV and have been really pleased with the quality. I didn't want to spend much and when I saw that Sceptre was made by Sony, I felt that it should be a reasonable value. It is beyond my expectations.Great value
Lots of bang for the buck. A good value. Excellent picture and features. Weakest area being the sound quality but I added the Sceptre sound bar which improved that immensely.Good value!
Bought this TV online during Black Friday/Cyber Monday sales. It was easy to set up and get running. I'm completely satisfied by the picture quality of the TV. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was because I felt the speakers were just slightly lacking. They certainly aren't a deal breaker, though. Great Product.Fantastic Picture
I bought this TV to replace a 13" my elderly father was using. The setup was easy and the picture is clear. Can't beat the overall value!Great Buy!
It is a great TV, but I am having problems with the stand as it doesn't appear to be as stable as I would likeGreat TV
I have been very happy with this tv. The picture is good, I LOVE the swivel base. The only problem I have with it is the sound. Really bad sound. I guess if you have a sound bar it might sound better. But, Sceptre needs to put some investment in decent speakers.Great Picture!
I just bought this after watching a 13 inch and its like heavensleek looking
I have really enjoyed yhis tv. Good picture!! The only thing i would recommend is getting the soundbar. The sound on the tv itself isn't the greatest. After getting soundbar this tv is excellent!!Love it!
I purchased this wonderful TV/display stand. It came earlier than I expected, felt like a little kid at 59. The contrast/clarity is breath-taking! The picture is life-like, 2D like and so appreciative of the perks that came with the TV. I was able to take off my eye-glasses because of the close-up digital viewing setup, thank you! Can't wait to work on the Sound-Bar and computer to TV viewing. Excited!
Happy Holidays!
However, the stability of the unit appears weak still after using the Type 1 screw. It doesn't seem to hold strong enough; although tightly in, and tilts over some. I have to use supporting items to keep the front-chin of the TV elevated/balanced. Getting with Tech Support to resolve, and will follow up.32" LED 720P. Near Excellent
I purchased this for a bedroom TV to replace an old CRT TV. Wow what a great upgrade. I selected a 720 model rather than the more expensive 1080 but the resolution is excellent. No problems with set up - took minutes to have it up and running.Excellent TV - great value !
I brought 2 led 720 32 2 days ago. So far their are working great for me.I love the picture and sound
This is a nice little TV I bought for my son..Very nice picture, light, OK quality..streams nicely :-)nice tv
We received this tv as a gift at Christmas, and it was easy to set up.easy to set up
Purchases this sceptre tv for son at a great price. He's enjoying
Playing his Xbox games.Great bargain
I BOUGHT 2 OF THESE TV'S ABOUT 2 1/2 YEARS AGO. ONE OF THE TV'S IS WORKING JUST FINE. THE OTHER AFTER ABOUT 2 YEARS THE PIXELS STARTED GOING OUT. I HAD TO THROW IT OUT. LUCKLY THE PRICE IS LOW. I DID BUY ANOTHER TO REPLACE IT. I HOPE I JUST HAD A BAD ONE. I HOPE THIS ONE LASTS LONGER. IT IS A GREAT TV FOR THE PRICE.A LITTLE DISAPOINTED
Picture quality is very good due to LED display. Sound quality is ????. Turning sound up to 100% does not increase the sound as you might expect.One Great TV
Easy to set up...good picture and sound quality . Excellent dollar value.good value
This TV is good in all the features. But, its delicate.
So far its working good for me and hoping for long life if it. :)Delicate n value for the price
I purchased this TV for my son for Christmas to play video games on. Great picture!! He is happy!!!Great Picture!!
I love this tv the best part is that now I can see what I'm doing on videogames I'm doing so much better with the new tvI love it
Great product for the price. My son is enjoying playing his Xbox games.Sceptre - X328BV-HDR
I am very pleased with this TV. For the money, it has good sound and nice piture.Great features !
I have had this TV for a while. The picture is great but the sound is not so good. If my furnace comes on, I can't hear it.Good Features
picked this about 1year ago had some problems with the 1st 1 great customer sevice was great sent me a box payed for shipping sent me a new 1 in about 2 weeks amazing working greatgreat picture
I bought this as an extra TV. The picture is great but the speakers not so great. Can't beat the price I paid.Good buy
Bought this tv for my bedroom which replaced a 19 inch. I love the picture and quality. My only issue is the sound. It comes out of the back and not so sharp.great picture
Procrastinated and finally purchased with insurance plan. Researched and read a huge amount of reviews. I have a very tight budget and my old TV suffered from a shrinking picture LOL. Have had a few weeks and picture is clear with good color. Would have given 5 stars but audio is fussy and has many options- glad one of the kids had the patience to fool around with different settings. The sound is now decent. Hope it lasts long term. An excellent value if you can't spend a lot the quality is good and I'm glad I bought it.Very nice pic
I have not had this TV a month yet, but already love the sharpness and the quality of the picture! I love all of the features and have already experimented with them...LOVE this TV!!Sharp Picture!
I bought thia a month ago. For the most part, it has good picture and sound. It's perfect for a bedroom or small den.Overall Good Value
I am very impressed with this TV. I appreciate the key features and how they are setup. Love, love the swivel aspect of it. I have not owned it very long that is why I did not rate all stars but I have already recommended this brand to others and look forward to purchasing the sound bar.Very Impressed
This unit is still brand new out of box so limited review. Good set up instructions, everything works well so far. Fairly impressed.Good package, easy to set up
The tv is good and good price. I had problem that was taken care of right away. the customer service from California was excellent. would definitely buy another sceptreexcellent customer service
I purchased this product as a replacement for my computer monitor and it certainly serves the purpose. The picture is especially clear (even when viewing print). I haven't needed to tweak any of the settings. Installation was truly plug-n-play under Windows XP Home Edition. A little gray at the extreme corners of the picture, the clock doesn't keep accurate time, it turns itself off after 10 minutes (it's suppose to) but it doesn't turn itself back on when the computer is turned on or brought out of screensaver; nevertheless, it was a good purchase! Note that I've been using this product for less than 1 month.Very Good Product!
I bought the TV 3 months ago and its a great deal for your money. Its got all the features from HDMI to USB input to VGA, which means you could watch moves straight from your Flash drive or connect your laptop to the TV using a VGA cable and you could use it as a big screen and watch things of the net. The sound is somewhat low and needs a higher volume, however if use a Sceptre Soundbar that problem is taken care off and you can also use your TV remote for the soundbar as it is incorporated in the TV remote. All in all its great value for money and a great product.Money's Worth!
Just purchased it on 4/4/15 was like,Awesome Sauce!!!
This television is the perfect size for me and the picture and sound quality,flawless.Beautiful TV
works well with surr. s. and net flxclean
Just bought a few days ago, was surprised at the picture quality. Very easy to wall mount. Included every accessory you would need. Don't let the price scare you away.great picture
Very easy to set up, lightweight, good pictureEasy to set up
I have had several TV in the past and considering the price of this TV, it's a great buy.Great Value/Good Product
The picture is ok, a bit dark. The sound level is a bit on the low side. To my knowledge there is no code with which to program the cable providers' remote. I had the same issue with my Viore TV which I also purchased at Walmart. The set is worth $200 but only just. Another suggestion: if you use the HDM input, tape the cable to the set. If the wire is jiggled the input will break. I had this issue with my Viore. Again- not a bad set for the money-so long as you are comfortable with a few "issues"Just "OK"
This is a good tv for a spare room. Even with changing the sound and picture quality to try and enhance it, it still doesn't sound or look quite right. But, it's fine for the room that I have it in.Ok TV
This television set is used in our work center and only used a couple of times a week. It serves that purpose. If it had been for our daily viewing as the main television, I would have bought a better quality unit. So, as the saying goes, "You get what you pay for!"Average Television Set
There were only two problems that I had with this tv. I had to buy a HDMI plug for it in order to stop an annoying humming/buzzing noise coming from the tv. Even though it was an inconvenient purchase at least it was an inexpensive one. I also have a problem with the remote control. Pointing it at the tv to do anything is frustrating. I have to the remote placed at the right spot towards the tv in order for it to anything. At first I just thought that the batteries were cheap, so I went out and bought brand name ones, and I still have the same issue. Other than these two problems it's a good buy.You get what you pay for.
Good TV for the price. Picture and sound are good. Have had about 2 weeks and the remote quit working. I have dish network so it really wasn't a problem. I programed the dish remote to run the TV.Good for Price
In May 2012 I purchased 2 TV, a 22" & 32", by Sept the 22" died and because it's over the 90 days the return is a very painful process. I know the price tag didn't mean it would last for years, but this TV was only watched for a few minutes a day. Should have known it was too good to be true.Waiting for 2nd TV to crash
This makes a great extra TV. My husband and I put it in our bedroom and it's great there. I would not recommend it for a living room/family room television. The picture quality is what you would expect for the price. Overall great value tvGood deal for the money
We were so excited to get a TV for the price. The big issue is the picture quality is poor and no matter what adjustments I make it seems out of focus and the color isn't brilliant. Looks faded. Also I cannot seem to hook up our DVD player no matter what cables I put in which RCA slots. So this has been frustrating at this point. I was excited when I read about the manufacturer and their development history, but now I don't know if I will buy another product from this vendor. My son-in-law purchased a Plasma TV and its picture is outstanding!Great Price, Picture Fuzzy
The price was good (what I was looking for ). Just dis appointed in the quality of analog display. Many things are pixilated that looked fine on the older set. In HD it was just fine.Better if used with HD only
Came to house quickly pretty cheap although not led. bought as a gift for my kid so they can use xbox and watch netflix. couldnt get the hdmi to work with xbox because its 720 p. so used the 5 wire set up. seems like a great deal wasnt long ago these things cost a bundle32" flat tv
Picture quality is pretty decent. Sound is terrible. I did notice that some of the screws on the back show sign that unit has been open. Item description didn't say it was a refurbished item. Price was good but I rather stick to a name brand.

Item is going back to the store.Item going back to the store
Picture turning black every time it switches resolutions when videos are fullscreen, very strange. Ok tv for super valueok for value
I can't say anything about the product because its a christmas gift.tv
We bought this online and picked it up at the store. Upon getting home it set up easily and looked great (a big improvement over our old tube tv) :). Unfortunately, within about 10 minutes the screen suddenly went black. We could hear the sound and change channels, but no picture. I called tech services and they said it was a motherboard issue and would need repair or replacing. Since I just bought it, they recommended returning it to the store and getting a new one. We took it back with no problem but the same model was out of stock to reorder so we ordered the higher pixel version of Sceptre. We have had no problems with the new one. So, in summary, unless you get a dud (reviews indicate the black screen is the most common problem but doesn't happen often), this is a good value for the money.Was good while it lasted, but died quickly
I bought this for my bar as an extra keno tv. It is fine for this use but I would not choose it as a tv for my home. It works fine but I am use to a crisper picture.Keno tv
The unit's maximum sound volume is lower than expected.

Connecting my HD Player via the HDMI connector presented 'no sound' issue. Switching to the VCR connector presented additional sound issues - the VCR connection shares the sound connectors with the YPbPr connector [which is connecting my VCR/DVD player] causing me to have to 'physically' switch cables between them to have sound.

The company's Customer Service has been slow [their 'Chat' has turned out to be cooresponding via emails].Sound and connection issues
It is a OK TV it is not bad it is not good it is OK..got it for kids for xmas, they play video games and watch tv on it...its a OK picture to me not a vivid as I would of liked but for what they use it for they like it and no complaints so I am happy. good size for the priceits a OK TV
I guess I should not expect much from a TV that is so cheap. The TV is nice but has flaws and Need to take it back to Walmart to exchange it for another onean ok TV at great price
After reading the reviews, I thought I'd take the chance and purchase this for a replacement. After a couple days, the picture would start flickering and flashing on and off after being on for about 15 minutes and then it would be fine after that. I decided to return it and I'm trying out the LED version of Sceptre because it had better reviews although it was about $30 more. Hopefully this one works better. The sound on both of them isn't the best but I'm going to hook up a couple of speakers to take care of that.Wouldn't buy this one.
we hooked up seakers and it was oksound was not very loud
Haven't had it that long, but it seems like a good product for the money.Great price!
I read reviews and took a chance on purchasing this product. So far, so good.Good quality for the price
Needed a tv for work. We were on a limited budget. We had $177.00. We paid $179.00 plus tax.
Overall, it will accomplish it's need.You get what you pay for.
The picture is nice but the sound is extremely poor.Good tv for a little one
Am happy with everything except that after one week my sound will just go off for no reason. Have to turn it off then back on. No rhyme or reason to when it does it. Guess I will take it back for an exchange.One problem
TV works good for the moneyTV
It does the job. Although, at least once a month, it will just cut off. But, it will come right back on when I hit the on button.Good value for the money.
This TV is listed for use as a monitor, it serves fairly well for that but some internet items are harder to read than on a regular monitor.

I have mine hooked to my computer with a HDMI cable, the sound quality is not as good as I'd like...Low End TV I use as a monitor
was ot cable ready need a boxnice tv
Bought this t.v. because of the great price. Great picture.You do get what you pay for. We have the volume almost to the max to be able to hear conversations in movies.great picture, bad sound quality.
The only fault I found with this TV was the wobblyness of the screen on the attached stand. There was no way to steady it. We were installing it in an RV and stability was of utmost importance. Other than that, this TV was fine.support structure wobbly
works well for my bedroom tvgood tv
Has a good picture , but sound really is tinny. Rattles the speakers on low at times.easy to setup
My only negative comment is that the sound is terrible. External speakers will help solve this problem. The set up was easy to follow. Overall, I am pleased with my choice.Great for the price.
Its a pretty good deal for the price. To be a led and a size 32 it was inexpensive.Hook line and Sinker
I love this tv! I really love that I can hook my laptop up to my computer to watch my shows right from the Internet! Great TV for the value!!!Great TV on a budget!
I really got what I paid for. it is great for my room. It is not the best picture, but it is a good buy. The sound is pretty low. Overall I am happy with my purchase.Perfect for a bedroom.
This brand of TV does not connect to Dish Network thru their remote. You have to use 2 separate remotes for this. This is very inconvient.Nice display
This purchase was a gift and so far it is working properly based on other reviews.So Far So Good
Wish it came with better instructions. Working with DVD & or cable is complicated to install and instruction book is not helpful at alllllllll.. Also wish it came with mounting screws since the screws are complicated to find took me 3 Home Depot runs just to get the correct screws.Cool tv
I am in the minority with this TV it seems! Got it on a Pre-Black Friday sale, figured it was time to upgrade from my 12+ year old tube TV. I looked at the reviews and found that Sceptre was rated pretty well. However, I'll be returning mine. There's nothing 'wrong', but I don't find that the picture is any better than my other TV. I've adjusted various settings and I still remain unimpressed. I'm glad I'm in the minority!!I Must Have Gotten a Bum One!
This tv is okay for the money. You get what you pay for and I was looking for a cheap flat screen TV and that was just what I got. Next time I will spend a little more for a better brand name.32 in tv
The Television is easy to assemble; includes the screw driver. Picture is medium to good most of the time; blue ray movies are killer. Sound on tv is irritating, scratchy and cheap and sometimes fantastic, not consistent. In gaming it works as well as blue ray movies, like that aspect. In my opinion the Company needs to take it home and live with it and they might tweak it just a bit.Not as good as one might expect
Picture isn't great but it's not expensive. You definitely get what you pay for hereIt's alright
Great price, fast & free delivery. Not too thrilled with the picture options (normal, zoom, etc)--none of them really give me what I want as far as viewing goes. But I bought it online without going to actually "test drive" the different brands in person, so that's my mistake. It was purchased for a bedroom anyway, so it's not our primary use TV anyway.You get what you pay for...
Picture quality is bad without HDMI cord. Sound and Picture died after 1 year use.Died after 1 year.
Sound is loud at #1.....but easy to use. Middle of the rd on quality.decent tv i got for $178
The TV it's not anything to run home about. It's okay I bought for a summer home we have. I don't have HD there anyway. It came really fast the next day after I order it. I never felt a TV so light before. I ordered the 32" I was kinda disappointed because I thought the screen would have been larger it is very compact. It serves it's purpose probably would also be good as a TV for the bedroom as well. For the price you can't really complain. How long it will last needs to been seen.Can't complain for the price
Needed a TV for my bedroom mainly for my son to watch dvd's on when he wakes up at the crack of dawn on the weekends. Saves me the back and forth if he's in the living room its just easier to put him in bed with me and watch Bubble Guppies.
The display of colors is odd, regardless of playing with the setting. You can see the discolorations in different parts of the screen...not sure if it was damages in transit. Its always a chance when Walmart delivers..... boxes routinely come damaged.
While my son doesn't notice the color issues ...it drives me nuts!You get what you pay for
It is OK for the price. Works fine.OK for price
I bought this television on sell for a ridiculously awesome price (very cheap). The tv looks very good and the picture is excellent. But the sound leaves more to be desired. The sound is alright when watching regular television but if you try to play a dvd then its terrible. The music plays really loud while the characters voices are barely audible. Its nearly impossible to make it the entire length of a movie without becoming frustrated from the sound issues, it completely distracts from the experience. I would definitely recommend this tv if you're going to simply use it just to watch television and nothing more complex.Good tv for the price, not the best sound quality
Only used as a monitor for my computer.OK
Picture is good. Sound not so much. Sounds tineyYou get what you pay for
This television is great, and the hd screens magnifies the people and shows every mark, line or wrinkle on their faces. My only problem with it was the screen had a scratch on it, and did not notice it when I set it up several weeks ago; I just threw out the box for it today; therefore, returning it is almost impossible.Pretty good for an inexpensive television.
I was very disappointed when I received this TV. None of the HDMI ports work. The TV itself is fine, but it kind of defeats the purpose when you can't plug anything in to it...HDMI ports don't work....
I was satisfied with the TV as long as i had it which is exactly 89 days. It stopped working literally one day before return period expired. So i was glad i didn't lose my money, but i was disappointed that i had to look for a TV again. I bought it at some promotional cheap price and knew i would have to spend more normally.ok
Picture is good, but the sound is not as good as I would like.TV
this is the third sceptre tv i have ordersd , very satisfied w/ th exception of the the damaged one. hope fully the replacement will also be satisfactory.came damaged,sending me a replacement
This TV is alright. It looked really good when I first set it up and the picture was great! Later I was watching TV, the first time I ever watched it, and the TV started seizing and the sound went out. I know it's for sure the television and I'm extremely disappointed. I think mine may just be defective, so I'm going to take it back to the store and get a new one. Considering I'm only 16, this was a pretty big purchase and I basically just threw my money away.Not as good as I expected
The picture doesn't pick up everything width wise on the screen. there will be more picture on the right or left of the screen and you can't see it. The sound is too low. Mine has one sound. When I turn the volume all the way up the pitch of the sound does not come through. I bought one of these tv's for my granddaughter and her sound works fine. we are going to buy a sound bar and see if that helps.new tv
This is nice for a kids room or for a tv that is not going to be used much The picture isn't as good as others. But for the cost you can't beat it !Sceptre
overall, it's an ok tv. I have to turn the volume up really loud to hear what should be heard on low volumes on other TVs. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone else unless they are in college or in dire need of an inexpensive television. overall you get what you pay for.it's ok.
Great picture, poor sound qualityTV is fair
This is the second exact same model TV that I've bought in the past year. So far it is working okay . Now that I've had the first one for 6 months it is taking longer and longer to actually come in. Once the blue light comes on (indicating the tv is coming on) I can often count anywhere from 10-15 seconds.
It is very lightweight though and I can pick it up by myself.
The price is right but like the old saying- "you get what you pay for."Ok
Nice tv for the price (219 on special) (although with prices coming down, will become less of a good deal). Sound good; color is pale, have it set on "vivid" and still somewhat pale. No ability to do more detailed color setting than the 5 pre-settings by the manufacturer. Compared to my other 32 inch, 720 dpi, it's not as good of picture color, but will do for the guest bedroom.Nice inexpensive tv, but color not great
I needed new TV, and with plans to use this TV in a living room within the next year, I figured, why not buy this one? The deal was fantastic for Black Friday.

The stand on the TV is wobbly. Luckily my TV isn't placed in an area of high traffic, nor is it anywhere someone could knock it, but it makes me a little wary. The sound is... interesting. It's a loud TV. With the volume as low as it possibly can be, I can sit down and hear the TV perfectly. Great for some, not great if you're using this TV to fall asleep to. Also, the sound is a little "tinny" to me... it has that tin-can echo. Like someone else mentioned, I fiddled around with the general sound settings and EQ, but it can get a little annoying to do over and over. It does have a fair amount of options for picture and sound, but less than what I'd gotten on my old 22" Emerson TV. So far, I'm not too impressed with the picture, but I'm not watching any HD channels, and I haven't watched a blu-ray on it yet. So, for basic cable, it's just... you know, big.

So, for the price, it's definitely worth it, and I'm grateful for that. Is the TV exceptional? No, it definitely suffers a bit from the "bigger is better" problem plaguing technology right now.Does its job, but nothing exceptional
The speakers do not get loud enough and when you turn them up all the way they distort the sound. Picture quality was good. You cannot adjust the picture too much but I liked the quality and I did not see ghosting when I watched sports games.Picture is good speakers are bad
the tv works fine enough but the sound.... one reviewer said it sounded tinny... there is really no other way to describe it. echos like talking into a soup can. now i get to spend the 50 dollars i saved on buying this heap of junk on a decent pair of speakers to hook up to it to get decent sound. next time ill stick to viore or vizio for budget tvs.

the picture is fine, had it hooked up for almost a month and no problems as of yet... but this sound drives me absolutely nuts.bad sound
Tv works alright, parts in the tv seam loose, screen flashes sometimes, sound is bad, explosions are not based at all, going to buy a sound bar and use a HDMI cable for the picture, hope this tv lasts.Works, tv needs to be more sturdy, bad sound
Works well as a second TVDr
This is my first flat screen TV purchase. The base is easy to attach and came with a mini phillips head screwdriver and screws. I was disappointed that it did not come with an HDMI cable. Like other reviews I've read about this TV, the sound is tinny but can be somewhat improved with a few adjustments. The picture quality is clear with very good color. Overall, this is an acceptable basic 2nd TV.good 2nd TV
Not a bad TV for less than $200, but don't pay more. If you care a lot about a good picture and sound, spend more for an LED and 1060p HDTV.Adequate for the price.
I purchased (2) 32" Sceptre Flat Screen TV's on 11.28.2012... The picture quality is awesome... especially because of the poor vision that both my husband & I have. The only thing that I am disappointed in is the sound.. the volume quality. It definitely was not what I expected. I turned the volume all the way up and for me, it seemed low. I called the mfg. and they told me that I needed to purchase a "Sound Bar" from any electronics company. I called Best Buy and they told me that the "Sound Bar" cost anywhere from $149 to $500. You know my mouth was hanging open! Maybe sometime next year I will be able to purchase a "Sound Bar" but that's still disappointing to me.great Value for the $$$ but...
picture and sound quality not the best, but good for the price.good for second tv
Ok i bought this tv for my kitchen.i cant get the size set right..why have a tv if your not goin to use the most of the screen.So i put it on the biggest setting it has and it cuts off heads.So i set it to normal and its wasting six inches on both sides.So i deal with the cut off heads.Color is ok not the best warranty is good priced.its ok
I'm more of a plasma person the picture is way better.Get Samsung
Although the price is great, the TV leans because the stand is weak. The picture quality is not good.Great Price But That is All
It's a decent TV for $200 bucks but the stand just isnt up to par..I'm scared its either going to fall over or break...maybe if I mount it on the wall...we'll have to seenice but has wobbly stand
After 2 years of daily use - picture good, sound quality not great, TV power just went out. Checked all cords, outlets, etc., but nothing. Have to wait until Monday (it's Sat) for a response from the manufacturer in City of Industry. Will get another brand if this is not repairable.Good while it lasted!
I bought this gift as a Christmas present and I just set it up to make sure it was decent since I ordered it without ever seeing the picture. The picture is good for the price, remember it is not going to have a Vizio or Samsung picture quality. However, listen to what everyone is saying about the sound quality. I figured oh I am sure it is fine. The tv really does not get very loud though. I am now looking into purchasing a sound bar system to go with it even though it is only for a bedroom. It's probably worth it to just spend a little extra money and get a tv with better sound quality unless you are planning to purchase a home theater system or sound bar to go along with it!Everything is great except the sound.
the tv works perfect box was damaged when i got it but over all its all goodgood price
pretty good picture just the sound is not very loud i use a sony stereo with it and it sounds better.not too bad
I picked the Sceptre because of the price and I was trying to keep it under $200.00. The picture is amazing, very clear and I can actually read the texts on the screen. I also love that I can hook up usb connected devices to the TV like my cell phone, my laptop and my ROKU Streaming device.
However, soon after my new tv high had passed, i realized that the sound is horrible. When people are speaking it is barely audible and the background music and sounds of any tv show or commercial overpowers what is being said and it makes it very hard to hear. I have went through all the blogs and the entire manual but no matter how many settings I changed for the sound I still can't fix the issue. I finally decided to contact the company about it today, but I don't feel like it's something they can fix unless i send it back and "ain't nobody got time for that!". I fear I must now invest in a sound bar, which I did not want to do. So, it looks like I may not be staying within my budget of $200.00 after all. So in all, I would say, great picture quality, the TV is true to size, but get a sound bar.TV Review
I started having problems with the TV next day, and have to call tech support, before I return it.I am having a problem with the TV
Great price,but the cable connector was loose in the TV housing so the picture would go in and out...you had to "wiggle" it ,then it didn't work at all.
Ended up having to return it that same day and bought a brand name elsewhere.Not too sure about this one?
The set quit working. I received it Friday after thanksgiving and now it quit. I am returning for a new set.Everything was fine except the set just quit.
Great deal for the money. Great for HDTV Channels or DVD's not so great for channels that are not High definition. HDMI hook up was a breeze. Over all satisfaction is 3 stars.Excellent deal for money.
I thought this would be an inexpensive TV to fit our needs but ended up returning it for two reasons... #1 Sound was way too quite. I used it while running on my treadmill and couldn't hear the TV even with the volume all the way up. #2 There was a big vertical line all the way through the TV that would not go away. Set up was easy and Walmart let me return it for a full refund. I probably could have exchanged it for another TV that would not have had the line through it, but would still have been disappointed with the lack of volume.you get what you pay for
I bought a 42" Sceptre a couple of years ago. I was happy with it. I didn't want to spend too much money on a 32" so when I saw this one for a couple hundred bucks, I jumped on it. This one would probably be rated higher If I could send an hdmi signal to it. But the only way the sound would improve is if I run it through a stereo system.You get what you pay for.
Purchased May 2012, yesterday Jan. 17, 2013 turned it on, and smoke started pouring out the top of it, has been great up til yesterday, played good, has not been moved or nothing, called about the warranty, which is a year with receipt, which I found, but you have to request a box and paperwork to send back to company, so keep your box, I just tossed mine about a month ago to make room for christmas stuff in closet, customer service lady said it takes a few weeks to get it back to me, great, just great.....not happy now!Now Disappointed
There was no sound. Picture was good. Many people tried to find t he cause but could not.

I returned it and there was no hassle from Walmart. very easy.Sceptre 32" LCD
I just expected more, I was suprised there isn't much to it. The picure could be a lot better.Penny wise purchase.
Its ok for the price..the picture quality could be better but its ok32 inch screpture
Nice display. Good valueTV time
It's okay for now!!Justsintknow
This has been a good tv for the several weeks I've had it and if you're concerned about buying a 720p rather than a 1080p you really can't tell the difference on a 32". I bought the tv because I needed something affordable and I am pleased with my purchase. The only downfall (as with any cheap tv) is the sound quality. To be completely honest it sucks. I bought a set of Bose speakers to compensate and you would never know I got it all for under $200.

Pros: Good value, Easy setup, Good picture quality (with some minor adjustments)

Cons: Horrible sound quality, The ugly "LED TV" sticker in the top left corner

In summary I am pleased with my purchase so far and would recommend it to a friend along with a set of speakersYou get what you pay for
Had problems with the controller from the start. Worked for awhile then wouldn't. Tech Support was very helpful. They sent out a new one right away but had the same problem. Called Tech Support back and they said it is probably the TV.
Took it back to Walmart and upgraded to a Samsung :). TV had a nice picture to it!Good picture for the price
Bought this for my son's room it does great for his video games has a good picture. Didn't want to spend a large amount just for him to play video games.Gamer Tv
Good price, seems to be working fine for my needstv
I brought this TV base on another recommendation but I am not really happy with it . I have to turn up the volume to high in order to hear it well (no I do not wear a hearing aide) so now I am worry if I am going to blow out the speakers. I am seriously thinking of returning it.3stars
It's not the best picture but is not bad neither, the sound could be better, but overall good for the price and it does the job : )good for the price
I like this TV, but I wish the Remote control receptor on the TV was more sensitive. I have to be close, and push the button multiple times before the TV notices, even after fresh batteriesRemote Control does not work very well
Works greatscreener
This TV meets all my expectationsvery pleased with this TV
It is a nice televisionfits perfect in my small space
Just got it. Its ok.so far so good
I purchased this tv less than 2 years ago. Sound, display, etc was good for the 1st year. Started having issues with the monitor turning off and on after 1st year, would have to try several times To turn the power on via remote or manually at least once a week. Now, 1 year and 10 months after purchase the display/monitor is completely kaput! Just went bad one day with Flickers and flashes on the screen. Did not purchase warranty. Friend of mine bought exact same model from different retailer and same happened to hers after about 1 1/2 years. I used the tv about 3-5 days a week and never left it on for long periods of time, seems it's just not built to last. But short term performance was good!Good quality while it lasts....
I think this a good buy when you are on a budget and aren't a electronic buff. My only complaint is that the sound quality is pretty bad. Especially when you have it on twenty and you can still barely hear. This comes from a girl who hates when my other TV is on anything above 8. Otherwise it is a good buy. I would recommend a sound bar.Good picture Terrible sound
Still like the television, unfortunately mine has started to act up! Some days you have to turn on and off the remote 4 to 5 times or more, just to get the television to come on. Now today the picture has started to go in and out while playing. Contacted Walmart since I had bought the extended warranty. good thing I bought it, since I originally purchased 11/04/2011. Now the bad news, under the warranty, they are sending me a shipping label, and I have to mail back in the original box( yes I kept mine) make sure you keep yours, it is part of the warranty. Now I will be without a television for 5 - 10 days. I think that at this price, they should just send you a new television to the store, and have you bring the broken televison in for exchange. Oh well, will see how the warranty people work on getting it back. May make me think about purchasing another televsion. When you are on disability, it is difficult to come up with an extra $200 for a tv.After 1 Year
It has a bad pixel. I am still (twice) trying to get the company to respond. The bad pixel has spread to a small cluster. I cannot recommend until I see what they do about it.Waiting for service
This is my first LED flat screen TV. I have antenna for reception. The sound is "canny" sounding, however everyone I talk to and on searching the internet it appears that is the way all TV's sound now.

One of the main features I wanted was to be able to plug in headphones, the sound through headphones is great.

I purchased external speakers for and the sound is much better.
One negative when comparing to my previous tv, was that with the previous one I had a digital converter which allowed me to see the name of the programs I'm watching and to see upcoming schedule. This TV does not give the name of the program, just the chanel.great picture, sound needed help
Was looking for an inexpensive flat screen and this fit the bill. It is of course limited on features that most new flat screens have, but for the money you can't beat it.Good bang for the buck!
This was a good TV for tthe price. The picture is good, three HDMI connections, etc.etc. The audio was pretty lightweight though. This set would be great for a kid's room or dorm. This would make a great computet monitor as well. As a primary set, not so much. I returned this for a larger Samsung product which works better for my master bedroom. Again, for $169 it is a great deal.Great for $169
For the money it is a decent tv, sound is not great, but at low levels is acceptable, at higher volume the speakers are not clear. Cable tv input is not in an easy place to hook a coaxial cable, viewing angles are not much, best picture is looking straight on the tv. My opinion is spend more money for a better tvVery Basic TV
For the bedroom and as a monitor for computer for the price it meets all my expectations I am pleased.tv monitor
The picture is just ok...could be my cable because I do not have a high definition box, but for the price I am satisfied...just ok...
I read the reviews before I purchased this tv online back in May 2012. After 7 months the video card went bad. I didn't purchase the extended warranty because I figured for the price, It should last a couple of years. Walmart won't return the tv if it is over 90 days even though I have the receipt and box. I had to contact Sceptre and they had me fill out an RMA request form via their website and wait 72 hours. I have to package the tv back in the original box and send it back to Sceptre to have them repair it at their expense how ever long that should take.Sceptre
I like the tv. The sound is low,have it on 70 just get a normal volume.great for a bedroom.
Got this TV for my mother but she has to turn it up between 70-80. Would I buy another one Not sure at this time would really have to think about it. I may go to another brandThe picture is ok have seen better
I wanted to purchase an inexpensive 32 inch screen TV. I am very very pleased!Excellent TV for the price!
After having this television for only a year, the picture on the screen will not display. My biggest problem is the customer care service. There is no way you can speak with anyone directly, only through email. When submitting the email, they respond initially; however, after receiving all the information requested, after five days, I still have not heard anything back from these reps. They state there is a 24 to 48hrs turnaround time for someone to reach out; however, it is going a week with no contact from Sceptre reps.

I will not recommend this product to anyone as quality was acceptable at first until my picture went out and now I am dealing with very poor customer service in resolving this issue.

A Very Disappointed CustomerFailure
Ordered 2 of these televisions. So far they work like a tv. The only issue is one of them has a thin blue line running from top to bottom of screen and there is a red blotch on bottom corner of screen.dont have a catchy title.
The picture is great but the sound is low. If my air conditioner comes on, it is difficult to hear.Good for single person
It was missing a piece and I called the tv company for a new one but still haven't received the piece to the stand.Good condition
Ok picture but could be better and I do not like the sound it produces. Makes everything tin'e'. Overall, it gets the job done!Owner of one
the stand is very flimsy. i hope my tv does not topple and break.the stand is very flimsy
Picture quality is very good, but the audio leaves much to be desired. If you're going to plug it into a sound bar or surround sound system then it's fine. Sound is very tinny and high pitched. Adjustments do not help. At the sale price it was a good value but I would not have purchased this at full price. Works fine in my garage with an audio system.Good tv for the price.
My kids got me this TV for Christmas. I was very excited and loved everything about it. After a week, I had a problem with the sound. There was no audio. I called DirectTV not knowing if it was an issue with the remote and a button being indivertibly pushed. The only thing that got the sound back was to unplug the TV. However, after a short amount of time (minutes) the audio would go off again. We have to take the TV back and get a new one. Of course this is a pain because we had to plug the old TV back in and take the TV back and redo the whole process again. So not really happy with this part. But when the TV worked, I loved it.Sound or No Sound
Nice set for the price. I bought a refurbished 32 inch. I don't like paying for cable, so I wanted something relatively inexpensive with HDMI - and the Sceptre has several ports - exactly what I wanted. The sound is not the greatest, but I plan on purchasing a sound bar anyway. I could find a nicer set for a higher price, but for less than $200 I feel like it was money well spent.It's okay for the price
ok, for kids roomok, for kids room
This is an average TV that we purchased for our teenage daughter's bedroom. She can be kind of rough with things so that being said this TV has lasted 19 months before it stopped working. She left it on quite a bit even when not in her room so I think it could've gone an easy 2 years before malfunctioning. Good picture, okay sound but not great. Pivoting base is nice too.Average TV for great value, get protection plan.
It has a nice picture, but the speakers are really tinny sounding and not very loud. You have to turn it way up just to hear it in a quiet room.Nice Picture Wimpy Speakers
Works great, no problemsGood quality for being an off brand
for the price is ok in a small room works great you have to turn the sound up in order to hear and is a bit dark, but the price is right no big complains I like itsound issue
i think that this is a great price for a tv but this sound needs to be louder. Also the power cord got a short the second day i had it.need to be louder
It's and OK TV, the look is nice, I like how you can turn the screen to the sides depending on where you are in the room. The picture qualtiy is OK, and sound as well. Good for the price, good value, but not the BEST TV, if you want better quality expect to pay more.It's OK
The picture quality is pretty bad. I should have spent a little more and purchased another television.Not impressed
Good price, good value.Good Overall TV
This unit is great for small areas such as a bedroom or private study and its built in speakers are acceptable for these type of accoustics, although an external surround sound system would enhance the experience. An HD decoder is still necessary for viewing without satellite or cable.Good for small area.
Picture quality is poor, as is sound. You get what you pay for.What did I expect for $199???
I was just looking for a TV to have in my room so I can watch TV in there occasionally. The price of this TV was great and it meets by needs, I am happy with the purchase.
If you are very particular on the pcture quality and sound then I would say that this TV is not for you, the picture and sound quality are just average. Priced right!Really Great Value for the Price!
The picture quality is beautiful however the audio is poor. The audio has a "tinny" sound that makes it unpleasant to listen to.Poor sound quality
This is the cheapest 32" TV I could find that didn't have the poorly rated Westinghouse name on it. The picture quality isn't that great; I bought it for my bedroom, so I'm not too disappointed. I had to install the base onto the TV, which I thought was a little weird. Sound quality is actually good when hooked to bluray and HD cable. Pretty no frills, but does the job.Decent for the price
For the a sub-$200 TV it is worth it. I bought this as a second set for a bedroom and wasn't looking for the best. It has a nice picture and has the controls to adjust it as necessary. There's no visible ghosting when watching sports/action. The sound is a little tinny at times, but not bad at all. The setup was quick and easy.A Nice Second Set
I purchased this tv offline because I needed a tv for my dorm. the stand is wobbly and not sturdy, the remote is cheap and u have to stand directly in front of the tv and press the button multiple times to even change it, the picture mode choice are terrible. but you get what u pay for. i got a 32" for a little over $200. im satisfied with it for now. im going to school and working so i dont use it every day but when i need to use it it gets the job done.not bad for the price
I connected this set via an HDMI cable from my satellite system. The picture was great, and the sound was adequate, when it worked. After watching for about 30-40 minutes, the sound was just cut off. If you turn the set off and then on again, the sound would return, for another 30-40 minutes. The phone call to Tech Support was a joke. The technician (same guy, 2 days in a row) suggested I use the component connection, and my Dish box does not have component outputs, so he suggested I try the AV outputs. This seemed to resolve the sound problem, along with a loss in picture quality using a single video plug versus the HDMI connection. That solution was completely unsatisfactory for a TV less than 2 weeks old. If you can get a set that works, it was well worth the price, but I was unwilling to continue to take chances with trying a replacement set. I exchanged it at Wal-Mart for a slightly pricier, but more dependable set.Great Price, if it worked!
my package came missing a few parts... which doesn't make sense because its supposed to be a new item... Is there some one i could talk to? I guess im only sticking with newegg.com now..INCOMPLETE!!!
I really only dislike the flemzy stand and the fact that its a 32" tv with a 22" normal picture!It ok for the price
This TV did good the first week, but after that the right speaker start making feedback noise, I contact tech support and was told to connect the tv to another device to check the speakers. I research the problem and find that this was a issue back in 2010, I am contemplating what to do next. The maker of this Tv was no help.Buyers be aware
Purchased 2 weeks ago, concerned about some of the other reviews but no problems with mine. Great value for this product. It is my understanding that this is a new product but it did come in box that obviously had been opened and retaped closed.
Works great for 2nd TV.Great for 2nd TV or for kids room.
This TV wasn't a bad purchase but it wasn't great either. I only got it because I didn't have alot of money at the time. I thought the picture quailty would be better than it is. The picture isn't as clear a my 46 inch I had before however I have gotten use to it.JUST OK
I am very impressed with the picture quality of this television considering the low price (my other two HD tv's are Samsung and cost a lot more). The sound quality is not that great and the television vibrates audibly on low end (bass) tones in the sound. If you are hooking it up to a stereo system (and external speakers) for your audio, this won't be an issue since the sound won't be coming from the TV. For me, the sound problem takes my overall rating from 4 stars to 3.Picture, GREAT -- Sound, Not so Great
The television was a tremendous value and can accomodate numerous devices but the speakers are weak and even with the volume all the way up you still have to strain to hear well.great tv not so hot sound
I expected the picture to be much more vibrant and clear. It's a bit fuzzy. I won't buy this brand again. I'll stick with Sony or Vizio. I just needed a TV for my grandson's room and since he is only here for 2 weeks at Christmas and 9 weeks over the summer it was good for the price. If your looking for a good everyday TV this is not it.Decent for the price
Got this to put in a bedroom. Picture and features are fine, but the sound is horrible. I've adjusted the equalizer settings as much as possible but it still sounds shallow and tinny. Hard to hear spoken words but then the opening/closing credit music will seem to blare! Have watched the same shows and same stations on our other sets (Sonys) and have not noticed this near as much.Ok for a guest room.
For the price paid for this product, I feel that it is worth every cent!!!Good Picture and sound
for a bedroom tv it works fine,,,the sound could be better,,,don't think it's stereo sound, but for dollars spent it will do!!!bedroom
Great price. Purchased on line for a Christmas gift and have not seen the picture or heard the sound. Purchasing on line was easy, but the pick up was a nightmare.bought for Christmas gift
I purchased this TV as a gift for a friend. I was told the remote didn't work....quite embarrassingOk for the price
A lot better than the old 19" TvGreat product
It gets the job done and it does it very well!Worth the money!
It was a fine television for what I paid for it. I purchased as a gift for my teenagers. Unfortunately it was delivered in the television box - not at all discreet - left on the front porch. Anyone could have taken it and now the kids know they're getting a television. Do order to ship to your home if security or discretion is a concern for you.You get what you pay for
I bought this TV for bedroom on Black Friday. The price $159.00 and delivery was fast.
The picture is OK but the sound leaves a little to be desired. I know it is 720p but it ok for my use.
Could use more RCA jacks for older DVD or games but has 4 HDMI ports. The stand isn't very strong the TV moves back and forth easy. For the price I'm satisfied , but would pay much more for this TV than I did. I've only owned it 2 weeks let's see how long it last before I throw it away.Ok for price, cheap quality.
The TV is nice. The sound on it is not loud. But you get what you pay for.okay
Picture is good. But sound is poor.desent
The tv was a lot smaller than I expected and the picture quality is not that great! I guess there's a reason why people buy 1080 pixels over 720.You Get What you Pay for!!!!
I purchased this tv once before, and they seem to have cut back on the size of the 32in, it came looking smaller than it was on my first one, so I will be returning, also the sound is very low, at the highest volume, the picture is pretty good, so overall for the price, it is ok.Nice Tv, but does not look like a 32in
very good video and audio . this set arrived with the remote control not functioning. the sensor in the tv unit had a loose wire and had to be bent at a specific angle to function will swap with another unit.good value for the price
Not a main room TV, Picture is rather dull at best, otherwise, I got what I paid a low price for.Good for the purpose I purchased it.
I have 2-32in Tv's already and this one is smaller than the other 2- 32in. tv's I have, could not use this one for the space I bought it for, but I put it in another space that fit it perfectly.smaller than i thought
I personally have a smaller one of these. They are fine for what you pay but sound is a bit "tinny." One thing to note is that the speakers face somewhat downward so it is better if attached to the wall as opposed to sitting on a stand, as speakers will sound "muffled."Bought for a friend for Christmas
Good cheap tv.Good cheap tv.
Good tvtube review
Bought 2 & 1 didn't have sound. Great price & I'm using these in a home gym.50%
Have only had TV two weeks so it is hard to give it a glowing report. Having difficulty with remote, but other than that, the clarity and picture are fine.

Had trouble with late shipment. Would not recommend paying the extra money to get it faster because it took me two weeks instead of promised two days.So far. so good
I like my tv it's pretty coolGood
Picture is great and I own 3 other of the same brand. For the price you can't argue just the sound is a bit off.Great picture, funny sound quality.....
Gift for my Mother for Christmas, so excited to give. Great picture but I'm not a fan of the sound quality.Sound not great
SOUND IS OK BUT NEEDS INPROVEMENTS.gOOD PRODUCT FOR THE PRICE..
i bought this 32# TV, for the use as a mounter for my computer, all the concoction was so easy to do, because their was a plug for my computer, witch that was great.! because lots of these mounters come in different plugs &thin u got to ad extra wires to Concoction like from .. VGA to HDMI, BUT THIS TV WAS READY TO USE.,THE ONLY PROBLEM, I HAD' WAS, SUITING IT SELF OF, EVERY ABOUT AN HOUR OR SO ,NOT SO GOOD, SPICILY WHEN U WORKING ON SOMETHING.?tic over view
OK picture quality but should have waited a week to buy it!Dropped the Price a Week After I Bought it!!
the remote contral is total dam, not working ,its really backtv
Good this far into it.Does the job
easy installation.good for the money
This brand has a great quality picture. The sound quality is horrible. It pretty much forces you to purchase the Soundpal or soundbar speaker so you can hear it.Great picture, sound not so great
it's as good as any comparable tv in terms of picture, but the sound it terrible...tinny, and the volume won't go very high. if u try to adjust the sound, by adding bass for example, then it simply distorts.decent picture, terrible sound
Tv looks nice,but the volume is too loud at lowest setting. Also,an hdmi port went out shortly after we got it. It is in my youngest daughter's room and she only uses a chrome cast.Nice picture.
Unit has great picture and was easy to mount onto my wall bracket. Sound quality is a little poor. Only glitch with the unit is it switches itself from HDMI 1 to HDMI 2. at odd intervals. Sometimes not at all for 2-3 days, other times 1-2 times a day. Since it was easy to program the Direct TV remote to work the TV, when it switches it's self to HDMI 2 I have to find the TV remote to switch it back (then rewind to where it switched off). Would be very annoying if I couldn't rewind. HDMI 1 is the only connection used in my setup and remote is put away to eliminate an accidental switch.Great picture
I bought this tv 2 months ago and I'm enjoying everything except the remote. Most of the time I have to stand directly in front of the tv in order for it to work.Features
I purchased this TV three weeks ago. For the money it has been a good value. The sound is not the best, but it has an acceptable picture. It was easy setup and install.Solid value
got it a few mounth a go working greatgood picture
Overall this tv seems fine, but the picture quality is definitely inferior to our other HD tv. If you're looking for a high quality, crisp picture this may not be the best option, but it's a decent buy for the money.Ok buy for the money
I bought this for our guest bedroom. If I had bought it for the family room I would have returned it. Like I said it's alright. Picture is not the best but it will do for now.It's alright
Remote lacks a go back button, which is very impractical.Not as good as our Vizeo
Package was never opened prior but had missing packets of screws to attach stand.Ok price but missing screws for stand.
Worked well until the screen went blank. We have had it less then a month. We plan to return it tomorrow.Defective
Sound isn't too good. I had to turn it up high to hear it and the tv vibrates because of it. The stand isn't stable so the tv wobbles. The only nice thing about it i can say is the picture is good. The tv blew out 8 months after i got it. If you still wanna risk it get the warranty on it when it breaks down but who wants to go though that. Don't believe those good comments on this page because i did and look what happened.Save your money and buy a real name brand tv!
I can not get sound to my surround sound system from the rca out from tv. tried 6 different pairs of rca wires but wont play sound. Had a missing threading for the wall mount on back of tv so it is hanging by 3 taos and not 4.juts waiting for it to fall off and I will be very upset.Not what I expected
I received this as a Christmas gift in 2012 and on January 1, 2013 it died. I will be returning it for credit and getting a better brand.Bad power supply
this tv didnt last a whole month before it died. one day it just stopped turning on. glad i bought the service plan but i really hope this doesnt turn into a regular thingnice while it lasted
I bought the TV, it worked well for 11 month1 week (under warranty) then the picture flickered out and in. Trying to contact Sceptre by phone, your almost out of luck, email will take a few days if your lucky also, they replaced it, I received it back after 2 weeks 3 days, opened it, and turned it on and found that the screen was broke, so... had to repeat trying to contact them, and I guess it's in the mail. Bottom line... the customer service is less than sub standard in my bookcustomer service from Sceptre
The sound is so low you can barely hear. The picture is okay.I wouldn't recommend this brand
The tv keeps turning itself off after an 1 1/2 hours.I woild not buy this again
Sound is terrible, sounds like you are in a tunnel.Good picture, terrible sound.
As soon as we plugged in the t.v. the channels were snowy. Taking this t.v. back to Walmart and get another brand.Not a good t.v.
the sound quality is very poor. I was unable to correct it. I will be returning it to the Sanford fl store today, 9-3-2014need a better tv
Poor sound

Poor picture quality, constantly focusing and re-focusing !!!!Weak sound, very low volume
The picture is nice, but the sound has gone completely off after 3 months. I'm gonna have to take it back. Hopefully the next one will be better.No sound
This TV was bought for our office, and it would be used on occasion for TV watching and also for our grandchildren to play video games on. After hooking it up I found the picture and sound quality to be far below what I would have accepted. I ended up paying about $50 more and got a LG 32" TV which has been perfect in every way! In our home we already have a 50" LG and a 37" Vizio and love them both. Maybe I'm just spoiled for what I feel is good quality. I knew I wouldn't be happy with the Sceptre, so paying a little bit more was well worth my TV enjoyment...Not what I was expecting!
I purchased my TV November 2012. I have had it 13 months and it has already quit working. I have no sound or picture. The TV light turns blue to indicate the TV is ON and when I try to shut the TV OFF it doesn't shut off the TV with the remote or by using the Power button. I have to unplug the TV to get it to turn off. I have a friend whose TV only lasted 4 months. His was still under warranty but he lived in Virginia at the time and it was quite a bit of money to return to California so he just purchased another brand of TV. If you Google Sceptre televisions you will be able to read some other horror stories about this TV.Short Life - Does not Last Long
This TV is mediocre but the price is great. I ordered it online and had it shipped to the store. I picked it up yesterday and I'm returning it today. As soon as I attached it to the stand and turned it on, the first thing I noticed was that there was a small green dot that was compromising the video quality of the screen. So one of the pixels was not generating a picture. It becomes more evident if the screen fades to black or if you're watching a nighttime or low lit scene in a movie or TV show. This doesn't help the fact that the video quality is already less than stellar in the first place. The picture appears grainy and it looks like you're viewing an analog channel on a digital TV. The next problem is the sound quality. When the sound is on and a show is playing, there doesn't appear to be any problems with the sound. If you're using a DVR and you pause the playback, eventually the TV makes a repetitive scratching sound. I went up to the TV to make sure that's where the sound was coming from and I put my hand on the back of it. I could feel the vibration coinciding with the noise that was coming from the TV while the DVR was paused. Then after it went on for a while, it started getting louder! This was all within two hours of taking it out of the box. You really get what you pay for, I'm going to exchange it for a better TV and pay a little extra like I should have in the first place.You get what you pay for
I was really disappointed in the sound on this product, Christmas present not so greatSad in West Virginia
Everything about this TV seemed great but it only lasted 10 months. The TV won't power up, When you turn it on both blue lights appear but no picture so basically my $180 bargain only lasted me 10 months......I certianly didn't expect it to last forever, but expected it to at last at least a couple of years.You get what you pay for.
Bought TV online at Wal-Mart.com was weary because I had never heard of the brand. Packaging was very good a lot of time went into the packing of the tv and accessories. The tv looked great and I was pleased with the ease of assembly. They even supplied a screwdriver to install the stand which was a nice touch. However....the top half of the screen went black as I started the channel search and never resolved. Just half of the screen went dead. So I ignored the do not return to store statement on the instructions and returned it to Wal-Mart the next day for another brand I had never heard of as this brand is not carried in stores. New tv not as nice looking but has a great picture so I am pleased that the return process was easy.Returned the next day
Tv purchased to replace kid tv....I wouldnt have purchased it to replace any other tv in the house. The price is exactly what you pay for.Poor quality tv
I bought this for my son's room so he could play his Xbox with friends. I did not bring cable tv into his room so the tv was hooked directly to the Xbox using the directions provided. So nothing on our end could contribute to the fact that the tv just died after 15 months. Thankfully I bought the extended warranty so let's see what they can do. I've plugged it into another outlet, still a black screen, hooked it up to my cable tv and just a black screen. So we bought a Vizio and if this one gets working I have a new tv. But I have a feeling it won't be for long.You get what you pay for
the picture is good but the sound is poorsound
There's a reason this TV is so cheap. It works just fine and the sound is average but the picture is nowhere near as clear as I had hoped. Its grainy and I can never seem to pick a color filter that lets every color appear "normal".Good for the amount you pay for it
The tv was purchased for around $220.00, so the price was low but so is the quality. The sound is terrible and the color is poor. The picture color can be adjusted, so with some effort you may find your desired quality and I would recommend a secondary sound system (sound bar, etc).Low Price and LOW QUALITY
We bought this for our grandson back in June 2012 and was gonna buy another two days ago.But now the grandson with this TV is having problems as the TV wont show a picture and has sound if you turn it off and on a few times real quick.I will to see who handles the 1 year Warranty plus the 3 year extra we bought now.It was a nice TV for him to watch and play some games on but now its nothing but 200+ dollars wasted and a paper weight.Will have to see how they handle the return or fix.Seemed Like a Great Deal but Now I am Wondering
when I buy this tv, a was so happy for the dimensions and price, and other recommendation I have reading in the rating, but was deceptionaly whern the HD, is not good definition, i tried connected to the other cable for HD XFINITY, i decided returned to the store. sorry!it's a good tv, but the HD is poor.
I have had this TV since July. Now it is December and the picture is no longer working. It was a great price for a 32" TV. While it was working I had no complaints. I will now try and return the item. I think that we will be looking for a different brand for our next TV.Stopped working after 5 months
This was my first online order through Walmart.com. I also used site to store pick up which both of these experiences were good. BUT once we got the TV home and opened the box to set TV up very important parts were missing...power cord, remote, swivel base to attach tv to the base and any manuals. We tried to call their 1-800 number and were on hold going through prompts, then chose to log in to their online customer service. After explaining what was missing they promised to ship them the next day. We received them in good time. While setting the tv up we found that the power cord is very tight and had trouble getting it to turn on. After working with it for a bit was able to get the television to power up. We are happy with the television once we got past the original problems.Missing parts when boxed was opened.
I got htis TV for 9 months and wont turn on anymore, tv smell like smoke.TV
this one is ok so far but I brought a 50 inch and I only had it for 28 days and already im sending it back there is sound and no picno happy at all
Due to the low price, I purchased this TV for my home office and am very disappointed. I knew that if I bought an off-brand there would some sort of trade-off. A few years ago, I bought a 42" Insignia for my living room and am very pleased with it, so I assumed this TV would be of that quality. Not so. The sound quality is very' tinny' and the picture, well - its darkish, not bright and colorful and no matter what I do to adjust it, I cannot fix either. If you don't really care about picture & sound quality and want cheap - buy this TV. But for a few dollars more, you can get a top brand TV with sound and picture to go with it.You get what you pay for
Not impressed at all I guess u get what u pay for.. The sounds jumps from low to high. I not satisfied with the screen size options that are available. My tv broke so I bought this at the spur of the moment. I guess it's ok for a temporary tv..Well it was cheap!!
I bought this TV a year ago as a gift for my parents. Sadly after 13 months from purchase date, the TV the stopped working... the repair will cost me almost the amount of the original purchased.
Originally I thought it was a very good deal, but after it stopped working then I don't think it worth it after all.not too happy
When we took the tv out of the box and plug it in, it did not work, disappointed about that..Waiting to see about returning the tv and getting a new one.excited about the gift....
Got this for a family Christmas present to replace an old Sceptre (that we loved but had begun having issues), and had to take it back. The price was great and Walmart.com site to store shipping was pretty quick but the box was a little dented around the edges. When we plugged it in at home we had issues with the sound quality, everything sounded tinny and the TV would vibrate with certain frequencies (maybe this is because the speakers come out of the bottom?). This seems to be a problem with many of the new slim flat-screen LCD's though, so it's hard to say if it was damaged or just of poor quality. The picture quality was good, no complaints about that. After the first use, the TV also began making a "clunking" noise when we would turn it on or off.

Sorry Sceptre, but you've lost a customer until you work out your sound issues :(Dissapointing purchase
I wasn't happy with the picture so I returned it.Sceptre 32" lcd
I purchased this TV due to the great reviews I read however, when we got it home, I was disappointed. There was a glare across the screen in action movies and the color just never seemed right. Not sure what I expected since it's only 720 pixels but the reviews lead me to think otherwise. I should have spent the extra money and go for the 1080p. I plan on returning it and paying the difference.Poor picture quality
I had to return this TV. I was able to scan for channels on my cable but after that I could not get a picture on any of the inputs (USB, Coax or HDMI). I have an older Sceptre set (5 years) that I still use.No picture after channel scan
I bought this TV late November 2012 and the picture lasted 7 months and died! I tried to get a Return Authorization from the Sceptre website and it doesn't even work. Don't buy this TV no matter how cheap the offer it. You will regret your purchase.Don't Buy this TV
Purchased this and within 5 months, the picture and sound went out. I'm glad that I got the extended warranty!Not dependable
All in all the TV was just ok. I called Scepter to get some technical support because from the time I plugged in the TV there was "snow" on the screen, and nothing I did would get rid of it. When I called them I couldn't even talk to a live person, the only option I was given was to leave a message; so that's what I did. A week went by with no return call, so I called and left another message this time providing my work number in addition to my home number. I never heard back from them.

Frankly it was mostly the lack of customer support to help me work through the problems that I got fed up with; I ended up returning the TV.Non-Existant Customer Service
I bought this one for my dad. first I read all the reviews so I felt I was ok doing so then I purchased a Vizio 2 weeks later for my daughter. At first we were happy with the sceptre until we saw the picture quality of teh vizio which is same size it is also an lcd 720p. I think I am going to send this one back and spend the extra $50 for the vizio. THe sceptre is very blurry compared to the vizio. Kinda sad I went thru the hassle. The good thing is though it swivelsWould spend a little more for better
This tv was a good value for a basic tv. We've never had a flat screen tv before and were not satisfied with this one. Each time it came on the big Sceptre logo showed which annoyed me and my husband to no end. We could not find a setting that adjusted the picture size to the screen without cutting off heads or the information bar at the bottom. Since we keep our electronics until they are no more, we weren't satisfied with that feature.
We were not happy with this tv, even though there were so many very positive reviews. We returned it for an LG 42" and are thrilled.Not the tv for me
At first.....it seemed o.k. However , after a couple months the remote became hard to use....had to hold it close to the t.v. for it to work. And NOW the picture won't come on. We have sound only.....sigh. Glad I bought the extended warr. for this happened 13 months after purchased.Not Very Well Made
Brand new Tv hooked it up, turned it on, Damaged Pixels just right of center stay RED all the time. Emails, Phone calls not returned by the companyCompany does not return calls or email.
The picture on this TV was horrible! To much blur in the picture movement. Sound was ok not great though but I could live with that. The price was cheaper but not cheap enough to put up with the quality. This set went back after a couple of days. I tried to change settings to help it but nothing worked. You get what you pay for.waste of money and time
1080 pic it doesnt have color is not strong or vibrant cant add channels manualy
My tube tv picked up more channels on the automatic search than this one does recepters arent strong i guess. sound isnt the strongest either. I was disapointed!I wouldnt say its a good buy
This is a fair bargain for the price. The picture is good and it's an easy set up and light weight. Only draw backs are the sound and the occasional HDMI port input change. The sound in extremely poor. I had to hook up to a surround system to be able to adjust the volume to levels where I could actually hear the programming. There have also been a couple times that the tv changes input for no apparent reason (ex. HDMI 1 to HDMI 2). That one puzzles me. Occasionally, the sound will go out completely if I am watching something on DVR and switch back to reg tv. That is fixed when I change channels.

Overall for the price, you can't beat it if you have a sound bar or audio system you can connect to it.Fair for the price.
I purchased this product with the expectation that I would at least get a half way decent picture. I am very disappointed with the quality of the picture and would not recommend this brand to a friend. The next time I make a T.V. purchase it will not be off brand.Picture quality not so good.
The sound is not Good at all other wise Picture is Beautiful.Sound
Nothing against Walmart but the Scepter has bad picture quality. It is blurry and fuzzy while for the size it is great it really isn't.
Really try to stick to the better brands when it comes to sales.Not the best deal out
For the price, hey, it's a functioning TV. For a 32" TV. You really get what you pay for though with this one. I bought two of these on black Friday. The sound is poor; very mono and tinny. The picture, clarity and color are terrible; even after custom adjusting all features. Hoping after the new HD cable box comes it will improve. In standard definition, the picture is absolutely terrible. Our old tube TVs that these replaced was much better picture and sound. (Our LG 3D TV is still the best)Disappointed
When we received the product it was in poor condition with parts missing. Yes, there is more to a TV than just the TV. So, we took it back and Walmart gave us a totally different Make and Model that had the same or better specifications than what we ordered.

The new one has been working great.Unexpected
I got this tv and went n hooked it all up n did not have no picture took it to walmart n had to get my money back ....never even got to use it oncehorrible
this television is bottom rung the audio was said to be low by other customers but it's extremely low a small little black and white hand held is louder than this on 100.
I don't understand why you would put speakers of that poor a quality on anything. if people are looking to spend a little on a tv as a small luxury what makes you think that they'll want to spend more on a surround system. there's plenty of other tvs on Walmart.com that are maybe 30 to 40 dollars more but will give you a better experience.mediocre
Very good price. Not the best of the best but very happy with it so far.good buy
Where's the Electronic download for the warrantee? Price is fair for a 3 year warrantee but I have nothing.I paid for a warantee but nothing to show for it
the remote control to the tv did not close to battery part does not close upNewby
i don't get why they make them so small in height, looks horrible inside my entertainment unit but will only hold a 32", at least the old style t.v.'s made it look like there was a tv in it and the sound is horrible with speaker's in the back, when is someone going to step up to the plate and make it so speakers are facing outward and then if you want to purchase a soundbar for even better sound, this should be our choice and not in it with the soundbar company's to make them this way!needs help
The audio is horrible. The background sounds drown out the program.Not thrilled
Figured I would try this product out since reviews were good, and the price was great. But I should've known it was too good to be true. I'll be sticking with my Vizio brands..should've done that from the get go. Now I know why they don't sell the spectre brands in store.Tried it, don't like it.
I have bought 4 of these t.v. 2 have went out!!okay!!
Decent TV for price, but the old say "you get what you pay for" rings true for this one. The picture is OK but the volume is pathetic. The speakers are on the bottom of the TV so if you simply want to use the TV stand and not a wall mount, you can barely hear the TV (even when turned to 100% of its capacity). I bought it for my mother for Christmas so was unable to get home to check on it for her until Feb (she lives in Alabama, I live in Seattle). I contacted Septre for technical support. They said (after only owning the TV for 2 months) that I would need to package it up and ship it back to them at my own expense for them to troubleshoot and repair. Not satisfied at all.Is the TV on Mute?
The speakers on it are really bad. I have to have it full blast in order to hear anything. I ended up having to buy a speaker and connection to the tv. They really need to fix that.speaker
on 1-7-2014 colors went crazy contacted sceptrects@sceptre.com will see how there tech support works then write another review if works out well i emailed them a picture of my tv with its weird colorsbrought on 10-5-2012
I'm getting a black screen with the message 'not support' now after four months of switching it to 'pc mode'. The video channel is working fine for now on all the other modes, but this doesn't inspire any confidence in this product lasting passed it's warrantee. I think if you are of the mindset to buy this product, you shouldn't expect it to last and you definitely shouldn't expect high quality picture and sound.won't recognize PC after 4months
The picture is nice, but it glares and you can't see the TV at certain angles because of the glare.TV
had trouble with the volume control55monster
I LOVE THE PRICE AND THE FEATURES. BUT THE PICTURE QUALITY IS POOR. I DONT KNOW IF I WILL KEEP IT. OTHERS TVS IS NOT 5 STARS TOO!GREAT PRICE POOR PICTURE
I bought this TV and the screen didn't work. So, I am having it shipped back to get fixed or replaced and it is covered by the warranty. Except the cost of shipping it back, that is not covered by Sceptre, and shipping a TV is not cheap. A Sceptre TV is cheaper than a Samsung, for instance, but there is more risk of trouble.A Risky Buy
I am not happy with my Sceptre TV because I can not watch my DVD player with it. I am not happy about that. Also sound is low, I can hardly hear the TV unless it the volume on high. I have to return it.can't watch DVD player with this TV
Need to adjust contrast and picture settings often as the darks in the picture are too dark, if not black, w/o adjustment. And the picture seems to go out of focus for a few seconds occassionally while watching.picture too dark and goes out of focus
Purchased this mainly for use with my game console. Set up was pretty easy and the TV came with a miniature screw driver. I was a little bothered by the stand though, as the TV would wobble a good deal when touched (and yes, I made sure the screws on the mount were tightened).

It was great until I started playing a darker-themed game, and I noticed a few dozen pixels were dead. I thought it was a scratch at first, until I looked closer, and after noticing it, I just could not look past it. Sound was great -- in fact, I tend to like my volume low, and had to keep it at a 1 so I didn't feel like I was blasting out my neighbors. Aside from the pixel issue, the picture was pretty good, but I just couldn't stand the defect.

I brought it back to my store the following day with the intention of purchasing another, until a customer told me she'd purchased the same exact TV. She told me she'd actually purchased two for use in her restaurant (only open for four hours at a time), and both TV's stopped working within 2-3 months of the purchase date. After hearing that, I decided against trying again.Had to return it
I got this TV November 2012 and it was great at first, that's why I rated it two stars instead of 1. In October 2013, the screen stopped working and the TV would not turn on. I contacted customer service and have sent it out to them to fix/get a new tv. I will update once I receive the new one.TV screen went out in less than a year
Good price for TV how stop working for not uppearing reasonIt was good price but it stop working for no reaso
But the stand is very loose. It wobbles and it makes me very nervous. The picture is very clear but no matter how tight we screw in the screws, it still wobbles and turns.The TV is good but
The sound is horrible.mediocre buy
Sound quality is horrible. I bought this as an emergency but you do get what you pay for which is a cheap tv. I really don't recommend this unless you want a tv that you don't mind being trashed like a kids room or guest room. But for your everyday use. I DO NOT recommend this product.Good for childrens rooms.
SCEPTRE X322BV-HDR 32" LED Class 720P HDTV with ultra slim metal brush bezel, 60Hz
$169.00 We bought two of these TV's @the same time CyberMonday in 2012 at the time the TV's were 179.00 and that to us was a very good price... so here we are two years later and exactly a week apart the first TV went out and then the 2nd.. it's the craziest thing... so it is kinda like we rented the TV's .. I don't know if I should complain that much about them since they were extras in our house... But there should definitely be a BUYER BEWARE!!! review so you know .. where your money is goingTwo years- Two TV's
The product arrived and the remote was not functional. It was very difficult to set up without a remote. It will not stay on the channel it is set to when you turn it off so you have to manually reset the channel since the remote does not work. How hard would it have been for SCEPTRE to test the remote prior to including it in the package.Difficult to set up Remote not functional.
Very bad Sound and doesnt tilt hard to see picture unless you look at it straight, I would not recommended it but for the price what do you expect, you pay for what you get.Just becasue I need something
I bought this tv and it lasted just under 18 months. I had to buy a new oneDoes not last
Picture is poor quality, but it was under $200.00 what can i expect?Picture is poor quality, but it was under $200.00
TV is ok but the sound on it is not good at all.Not Bad
Just had to return today after 3 days of using. Picture so dark I could barely make out features..even when changed settings to make brighter. Also had to end up putting speakers on it because volume so low EVEN when turned up to 75+. Don't know if I just got a lemon, but decided not to go with this brand again..get what you pay for? And I am not picky, nor so old that I can't see or hear..lolToo good to be true :(
I bought this to use as an external monitor when my laptop screen went on the fritz. Works great for that purpose for as long as it lasted, but the screen died after just 16 months of use. That's right - just four months after the warranty expired. I did my due diligence and read as many reviews of this TV as i could find, and all praised the picture quality, but i wish I could have found some by people who had owned it more than a few months. Re HDTVs, I don't know how impressed I am, really. Nice picture, yes, but those old CRT televisions had a useful life of 10 or 15 years, if not longer.nice picture, but...
Sound not loud enough.tv
Bought this for my 14 year old sons room and after two weeks there is no picture. I Took it back to the store and got my money back.Worked for 2 weeks
this is a pretty good tv, especially for the price, but mine did not come with the neck. the neck connects the base with the tv. I had to order one off ebay for $13good tv, but............
low price poor picture qualitylow price poor picture quality
Bought two from Wal-Mart and work fair for cable TV, however the ports to use DVD players did not work properly.Fair
TV - new out of the box - DID NOT WORK!
Would not even turn on! So, I couldn't rate the picture/sound quality.
Did get to try out the "return to store" process, got full refund of on-line purchase price.
Problem is I then lost the price "deal" from the on-line purchase, because they don't sell this brand at the store. Ended up having to buy a smaller 26" tv for $20 more (wal-mart wins - I should have gone elsewhere, but needed a tv). At least the one I bought is a better known brand. Won't waste my time with these on-line only brands again!TV - new out of the box - DID NOT WORK!
I purchased this TV online and was excited about the low coast for the size of the TV. Once it was delivered I wasn't pleased about the picture and the sound was even worse, unfortunately the TV went completely black 9 days after I received it and I returned it only to see another customer had another TV, same brand but bigger and they too were returning for the same reason.You get what you pay for
Ordered this, the first one arrived with the screen broken, called CS, they shipped a new one and picked up the broken one, the new one arrived unbroken at least, but it lasted less than 6 months before the thing just stopped working, I think it was around 5 months total. You get what you pay for I guess. Will never buy this brand of anything again.Lasted less than 6 months
TV worked one week and quit. I ordered TV on line and Walmart shipped quickly and there were no problems with return. Perhaps I bought a bad one out of hundreds but I would never buy this brand again.Bad TV
Had to return it to the store as the picture kept going in and out. One second, it was like you were watching HDTV, the next second, it was like rabbit ears.Fuzzy Picture
I bought this as gift for my wife. the price was right, and there was free shipping.it arrived ups in good condition, but after 1yr and 3months its a paperweight sitting on my dresser. I got what I paid for. I didn't know the name, but the next one I buy,I will be very familiar to me. I hear Costco Wholesale has great t.v.s fo sale.1yr.and3months
We purchased two because of the cost and I am now a true believer of the saying you get what you pay for. One TV had a split/crack on the screen and the other TV did not even power on.Did not even power on!!!
I bought this tv believing it was a great value. Easy setup, beautiful picture. Then the thing just stopped working less than three weeks after I purchased it. Don't waste your money.Terrible
The Sceptre Tv, It quit working in (3) day, I returned it Wal-Mart and I got one with another brand The Magnovox TV is working great. I will never buy another SCEPTRE TV.The Sceptre Tv
TV would start but screen would flash on and then turn off, unable to access menu or set-up.
Took it back and received an immediate refund.TV was dead on arrival
Had to have the cable company come over to help me. He told me the hdml port did not work. Had to take the tv back to the local walmart.HDML conection did not work.
it tore up after only 16 days of usei got a lemon
This tv worked fine for me then 8 months after purchase the screen is blank and I now own a piece of junk.No picture
When i set the tv up i noticed what sounded like a screw rolling around inside the tv. After i set it up when the volume hits a certain level there is a muffled vibration of sound allmost like the speaker is vibrating. I take it the loose screw inside might be one thats suppose to hold the speaker in place. I have to choose if i want to take it down and bring it back to walmart and wait for another one or just live with it and or set up my own surround sound and bypass the speakers on tv.Sound is a problem
Wonderful tv if it worked parts missing and wrong booklet. Was gift so enbarrassedBad choice
I purchased this TV March 2012 and turned on the TV two days before Christmas and no picture. It had sound but that was it. I haven't had it for a year and it goes out. I looked at the reviews before I bought it and I knew that although the price was good I was taking a risk. Well, now here I am. No TV for Christmas. So, my advice to anyone that is planning to purchase this TV, DON'T!!! If you do, just know that it will go out on you eventually....Well, I guess I got what I paid for.Don't Buy!!!!
The Sceptre 32" Class LCD 720p 60Hz HDTV (X322BV-HD) didn't work out of the box. The screen came on for a split second then went black. Apparently, if you take it apart, remove a couple of capacitors from the power supply, and replace them with better ones it will work for a while (average of a couple months). I decided to not take a brand new TV apart to see if I could fix it. I exchanged it at my local Walmart for a 32" Element HDTV. On that note, let's just say the Element was exchanged for a 32" Vizio, and I've had not one problem out of it.I never got to use it...
The TV turned itself off after 8 days and decided it did not want to turn on any longer. Luckily Walmart was great. They took back the TV and replaced it with a different model.Stopped working
Delivery was quick, but t.v never worked. I messed around with it for over a week because I thought it was the cable company. I finally borrowed another t.v. from a family member to try out the connection. His t.v. worked fine. I bought a digital booster to see if that would work. Nothing worked!! I returned t. v. to Walmart yesterday.T.V. was broke on arrival.
I purchased this tv in July of 2012. It broke down in October 2013. The cost to repair it is more than what I purchased it for. It seems that these tvs were built to last a year right around the time the warranty expires!!!!TV Screen Went Black After ONE year
First, the sound is pretty low but this was used as a bedroom tv so I didn't need anything super loud. Second, the tv broke LITERALLY 13 months from purchase date, and that's probably using it like a couple times a week.sceptre X322BV-HD
I cant review due that i return the product because it was not he standard hook up to the tv wall and i try buying the stand at walmart and again they didnt match . so i finish returning and buying another one at the storei finish returning
Got this as an early Christmas gift. Stopped working and it's not even Christmas yet. Nothing else to say.Good for two weeks.
BadMr good guy
Seemed like a good purchase at the time.
This unit failed within 2 weeks of receiving it.Seemed like a good purchase at the time
Out if the box, the sound didn't work. I would advise to spend a little more money for a more well known brand.Not worth the money
I purchased this TV 2 years ago based on pretty decent reviews. Was very happy with it and its features as a bedroom TV that was on no more than an hour and a half a day and was fallen asleep to. But two years later, almost to the day, the picture when black. Sound normal, but no more picture. When other, band name TVs seem to last forever, for very little more money, Sceptre is not a good value at all, unless you don't mind 2-year replacements, in which case it is fine.Dies after 2 years
The first one only lasted 2weeks and wouldn't power up. The replacement was shipped without a part for the stand. Got another brand.Beware
The TV shut completely down after only 6 months. Repair man said it was power supply and would cost $150.00 to replace. I have a very disappointed 16 year old.Did not last very long.
Regret buying, picture ok sound quality bad. Could live with that if TV would not break. Second time in less than a year picture and sound has went out. Have extended warranty but go with out TV for over 2 weeks. Would be cheaper to give me new one than to pay freight 3 times. Ship me a shipping box, ship them TV then return it to me.Get what you pay for!
An annoying audible buzzing noise goes on when ever I play Dvd's along with a horrible sound quality...it's a shame cause the colors are bright and beautifulBzzzzzzzzz Bzzzzzz
I am from the Bahamas. Purchased three of these TVs and one came factory damaged. It sucks. I lose my TV money and shipping costDisappointed
TV didn't last 3 months. Took a month to get it returned for repair. Not back yet!paid more got less
Bought 2 tv in dec 2011 both quit working by march 2014 2 years and 3 mos called and was told the power board goes out on them and is not under warrantyDONT BUY
I purchased two of these TV's. Neither made it through the first year. Sceptre customer service is not customer oriented or friendly at all. They do not provide you with details on whether the TV is services or replaced. They avoid any pertinent questions or concerns and refuse to accomodate for the inconvenience. Each time the TV malfunctioned we went 1 - 3 months without a TV. The first unit we purchased in 2012 and have been through 4 units. We have finally decided to throw in the towel and purchase a new TV and never again buy a Sceptre product.Unbelievably poor product and customer service
i had the first one for 7 months, then just out of nowhere the picture went and i could only hear it. Walmart.com sent me another one asap and that one would'nt even come on, I sent it back and got a refund. I never heard of sceptre and after this experience i probably won't use there brand again for anything.don't buy this tv.
Defective product.....very disappointing.Defective product...disappointing.
I ordered this TV for our work-out room. The TV came whin 2 days, but 75% of the screem had from the top to the button stripes in rainbow colors. We were very disappointed. We took the TV to a Walmart back and thanks to their great exchange service, picked out anoyher TV. It was another brand, I had to pay addl. $ 21 because of the price diffrence. This TV is not sold in our local Walmarts. But I am happy now.Broke TV
Never in my entire LIFE, have I had a TV just die after only several days of owning it. I still can't believe it. It was fine, then it just turned off and wouldn't turn back on.Broke after about a week
We had to buy some speakers for this tv. You can barely hear the tv on full blast! Speaker purchase will be a MUST with this tv purchase!The speakers do not work well on this tv!
We bought several of these tvs and half of them made it passed three months. The picture would go out but sound was still there and we spent $75 plus dollars to fix them. So these tvs are were no help to us and now we have to replace them not even a year later.product does not last
TERRIBLE. STOPPED WORKING AFTER 1 MONTH. WAS A BLABK FRIDAY SPECIAL AND WALMART KEPT SWITCHING TV BRAND. EVENTUALLY GOT THIS...SCEPTRE X322BV-HDR 32" LED Class 720P HDTV with ultra slim metal brush bezel, 60Hz.TERRIBLE. STOPPED WORKING AFTER 1 MONTH.
Bought it for Christmas'12 went out in September'13. The blue light comes on but the screen and the sound don't. In it's last 2 weeks it was turning it's self off.You get what you pay for.
Hooked it up and heard sound. No picture at all. Screen Stayed black. I tried av cords and HDMI cords and the same thing. Returned to store.Doesn't work !!
If you just need a new had tv then this I'd the tv for you. Great price great viewWorks fine
Black screen and no sound. Waste of money.TV No Longer Works...After 3 months!
Easy to set up. My sisters were able to do this with NO troubleWorks well
We could not get the xbox to connect, or the cable. I tried all the HDMI slots, and the componet slots. I could not contact the tech people after two days. This was my daughter's christmas gift. Walmart was not the problem, they returned my money and took the TV back.Sceptre TV
I purchased two of these when they first started to go on sale. Biggest waste of my money ever! They have an issue with the light cards at the bottom of the screen. These blow out anytime between 90 days (for one of them) and 12 months (for 2nd one purchased). You cannot get ahold of their warranty department, the phone number just rings off the hook! Because you are buying it on line, you cannot return it to the store. So the product only lasts for however lucky you might be before the components blow and you are stuck with a sound producing but no picture product!!Do not waste your money!!
Won't last. Invest in a well known brand with 1000s of excellent reviews; otherwise you will be throwing your money away!!!!!Piece of junk
early delivery by UPS was unexpected surprise except it was broken with blue and yellow vertical lines on the screen...just because its cheap it doesnt mean that poor qulaity of product from gekko.broken item
Just dead. No power. Can't turn on with remote or on the t.v. Outlet is okay; other things, including a lamp and now an older t.v., work just fine there. It's not the power cord; that also fits a monitor I have and it works on that unit. Just dead. A week after the return period lapsed. While there is a one-year warranty, I'm not sure I even want to go through the process. I put my old 19" flat screen in its place, and I think I'll just set the Sceptre on the curb, with its box and all its fiddly bits. Maybe someone else can get some use from it, if even only for parts.Dead, 90 days plus one week.
I have had this tv for a week and after a week a black line has developed across the screen. Before that, just changing the channel, the box showing the channel selection takes up a good portion of the screen. Poor programing.After a week, it broke.
I got this tv on sale (after my 40" RCA quit working only after aprox 25 mnths.) I've never had a sceptre tv, the reviews were good. I thought it would do until I get my 40" fixed. I bought it in March of this year haven't had it a year and it quits. I'm quite disappointed with that part of it.
The picture was excellent, the sound was good on some channels and others I had to adjust it for sound.
This is the 2nd TV I've purchased from walmart and they both have just quit. this one comes on but no picture. My 40" RCA won't even come on. I'll not buy another TV from here unless they get them @ a better quality all together.Great tv..if it worked
I bought this tv last June 2, 2012 for my son, and now it's just a year and 7 months it quit running. The tv is hardly even used in a day because my son hardly even watch tv on his bedroom. It's a horrible product. I've learned my lesson not to buy no name product. And walmart shouldn't be selling this horrible product.Horrible product
I bought this TV for my mom, after years of not having a new one, after reading the reviews. I figured since the majority of the reviews held this TV in high regard, I figured I'd go for it. However, I regretted that decision the minute the TV was hooked up. TV picture was god awful!!! And the sound quality was even worse (maybe because the speakers are facing underneath the TV???). My mom's 20 year old tv had better picture and sound then this TV. Returned it to the store after 1 day! Going to buy a Vizion 32inch which has been rated one of the best TVs buy CNET and PCMag. Beside the fact that my sister has this tv and has NEVER had a problem and has wonderful sound and pictureHorrible...would never recommend to anyone
By all appearances this TV appears to be a great deal, when you open the box and see everything provided, however the threaded inserts on the back for installing mounting screws for wall mounting are way less than stable! The threaded inserts are not barely 1/4" deep, the screw appears to be a 8-32 in size and when it was attached to the wall mount the inserts broke loose. Fortunately it was discovered before final installation. The TV was returned to Walmart.Screw supports for hanging on wall horrible
Did not work right from day one. The TV stopped working all togeather less than a year after it was purchased.Cheap in everyway!!!
I bought this tv, plugged it in, and returned it immediately because it did not work.Did not work
Beside the power button, all of the other buttons failed to do anything. I called Sceptre customer support, and they said it would take a lot of time and effort for them to fix the TV. They advised me to return it to a Walmart store. I did, and bought a Samsung instead. Walmart did not refund the tax I paid initially, but they remedied the problem when I came back.Dead On Arrival
The TV didn't work right out of the box, had to return it for a different model.Didn't Work
PICTURE DOES NOT FIT THE WHOLE SCREEN, AND WHEN THE SETTING IS CHANGED, THE WRITINGS ARE TOO BIG FOR THE SCREEN. IN LESS THAN A YEAR, THE DEVICE HAS STOPPED WORKING ALTOGETHER. CARE PLAN WON'T PROVIDE ANY HELP/REPLACEMENT. SCEPTRE JUST KEEP GIVING ME THE RUNAROUND.POOREST QUALITY
Volume is not good. Volume must be set to high setting to hear well.No12345
It had 1/5 of the picture screen and the remaining 4/5 had color bars. I was truly disappointed be cause I have 1 for 3 years now.This is the second time this has happened to me with this model. Customer service was spectacular with the return. I want another but am very am very leary of the same thing happening for the 3rd time. Go FIGURE!It didn't work at all!
I purchased 2 TVs for my college kids. The pictures STOPPED working in both of them within a few months time. The EXACT same issue in both TVS. When they would power up, it may take 30 minutes to 2 hours just to get a picture. You sat there and wait, and wait, and wait. Now NO picture. I called SpectEa and they said "Sorry, they're out of warranty." WARNING: STAY AWAY FROM THIS BRAND - CHEAP IS NOT BETTER - YOU DEFINITELY GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR!!!!!! IF THEY SAY SPECTRE - RUN, RUN, RUN!!!!!!Worse TV I ever bought
We got this tv for my son for Christmas. Once I set it up and turned it on. It had a black line on the screen. It went from the top to the bottom. I took it to the store and got a refund.sceptre 32 inch tv
Sent it back didn't workwouldn't buy again
I brought this product January 2013.... I read all the reviews on walmart.com.... sadly my TV no longer works!! I can't get through to customer service.... I Googled SCEPTRE, there are some shocking reviews.... I wish I had read before I purchased!! Please Google Sceptre for yourself before you buy any product with this name!!!! you'll be glad you did!Great Price
I connected the monitor to my lap top and now have a drive in movie.To see it is to believe it!
was soooo excited, haven't had a new TV in 10 years. looks like a good deal and reviews was looking good.but it never work ( power wouldn't even come on! . Had to return it very disappointed .disappointed only hours
I've had this TV a little over a month. So far this TV appears to be an excellent buy.
The quality of the picture is just as good as my more expensive notable brands. The quality of the TV itself seems a little cheap but the price is right. Well worth the money.Sceptre TV review
This was a ship to store and was for a Chrismas present. The box appeared to have been dropped at some point. When it was powered on, there were two white lines running across the screen. Had to return and replace with a different brand as this one was not available in the store. To be fair I can't really rate the actual TV, just the service.Broken before opening
Sadly, I bought this TV because of the great price and it only worked for 2 days, then suddenly went black during viewing completely on it's own. Was not bumped or damaged in the set up process... even had bought a brand new, very sturdy wooden entertainment center so it would be even more secure, only to have it die after two days of light TV viewing.

I returned it to Walmart - IN STORE and recommend anyone else who has this problem to do so as well.. don't bother shipping it back, just get the receipt and take it to customer service... they will refund or exchange it.

Luckily, I found a Sanyo 46' for just about $100 more and am going to get that this weekend. Sometimes good things come out of bad ones eh? :)Things can sometimes be too good to be true...
Bought this TV because of the price and mostly positive ratings. $200 is a good price for a 32 in. TV, but I would expect it to work longer than a year, even at a low price. If you don't want to shop for a new TV in a year, buy a different brand.Stopped working after ONE year
One week after receiving and installing the TV, it just stopped working (it turned off and wouldn't turn back on). I played around with the plugs and nothing. Walmart was great about returning it, they took it back even without the box. I got a full refund and bought a different brand for about $60 dollars more hoping to avoid it from happening again.Quit working a week after purchase
Sound is bad. The tuner is old style doesn't have qam .big disappointment. Won't bring in the channels like my Vizio TV in the living room that has new style tuner (qam) despite it being 4 years old. Save your money buy a decent TV with digital qam tunernot qam tuner I was lied to
Very disappointed in this TV's quality
tv lasted only a 2 months, and then was dead.
returned to walmart for a full refund.
I would spend more money on a better tv
maybe used 10 hours, before it would not turn on.Do not buy
Im a college student and I bought this TV for my new apt back in July so its almost been a year since I've had it...it was a GREAT buy initially until last week it rained really hard and all of a sudden the TV picture has gone black. Ive tried resetting the TV (unpluging cables) and nothing has worked. I contacted Sceptre because technically Im still "covered" by the company's one year warranty...well apparently labor fees and shipping on this size of a TV is well over $250...I didn't even pay that much for the freakin TV?? So...needless to say Im urked. Im all about finding mere quality vs name brand but honestly your better off just investing in a Sony or something. This TVs are known to start well and finish stupid and thats why its so cheap.Thunder damaged the signal permanently?
This TV worked great for only 1 month! Then while watching a show, it went totally blank. I tried exchanging at the local store but the Sceptre brand is only sold online. Therefore, unless you want to deal with mailing it back you need to pick another brand. Which will cost more!Went totally blank 1 month after purchase
Screen was broken when it arrived and had to buy something else in the store. Was very dissatisfied with having to return it.Cannot give review
Had the TV a little over a year and it Just stop working? Cost more to fix it then to get a new one! Worthless cheap made.....Do Not Buy this TV!
I bought this tv, and the first day I was so happy with it, that I ordered another one for my mom. The following day, I tried to turn it on and it didn't work!!!! I unplugged the cable and plugged it in again, and it worked, but guess what? Half an hour later the TV turned itself off!!! I tried to turn it back on and it didn't work at all. I returned the TV to the store, and I'm waiting for the other one to arrive to ask for a refund right away! I'm not even going to give the other one a try! I'm buying a Sanyo from Sam's Club, same size, and it's only $15 more.WON'T EVEN TURN ON!!!
Would not recommend this tv. Average usage and it only last 13 months. Seems like a great deal but in the end you get what you paid for so beware!STOPPED WORKING AFTER 13 MONTHS
I turned it back in, multiple lines coming down screen, could not get rid of it.Screen had lines coming down in middle of picture
Very disappointed. We bought this 32" Sceptre from Walmart.com in May of 2012 for occasional use in the bedroom. We received it on 6/1/2012. It quit working today (June 21, 2013). The picture flashes on and off, one time displaying half of the screen for a second, then back off. It occasionally displays a red horizontal line across the middle for a second or so.

We normally expect a TV to last more than three weeks beyond the warranty period.Worked great for the short time that it lasted.
I have bought two of these in the last 2 yrs and neither has lasted longer that 16 mths .Not worth the cheaper price in the long run
stopped working after warranty junk don't buywast of money
We got this TV as a Christmas gift, it was not hooked up until after New Years. No matter what we did the color and picture were always off and the sound varied. Not long into February the jacks in the back to hook the game system and dvd player into came loose and the connection would short out. If anything is on the screen (like a title screen of a movie or wii menu) for any length of time the image is "burned" into the screen and you will see it even as a new show plays. I am now attempting to return this waste of money. I guess it is true you get what you pay forYou get what you pay for
We purchased this TV last June. I used it in our camper until last fall, brought it in the house (unused) for the winter and returned it to the camper again in June. Now, it is not working. We have volumne but no picture. We have only used this for 7 mos!Not working after 7 months!
Should have listened to the negative reviewers - they all had same complaint - picture goes out after few days or weeks - or in my case, minutes. Too bad they do not have better quality control - guess they skipped that to cut price.Picute appears for a few seconds, then goes black.
Purchased in June 2012. First one failed right out of the box, with a long line of pixels turned on white permanently. Exchanged in store. Second one just failed with a "pop" sound as I turned it on, a terrible smell, and actual smoke out the top. This is March 2013. I used it as a secondary tv in the bedroom, so it really didn't get much use. I figure I turned it on maybe 25-30 times total in 9 months. Really no excuse for this. I'll have to pass on Sceptre next time around.Meh.
tv stopped working 4 months after i got it. Brought 4 of them 2 stopped working within 5 monthsmake sure u get protection plan
i bought this last year for Christmas ... It stopped working in August - as I was watching the TV it went black, just like someone hit the power button & would not come back on. A complete waste of $$$DO NOT BUY
We bought this TV for my grandson for Christmas 2012. By May, audio was out... no sound from internal speakers, external speakers, headphones, etc. It was under warranty, so we sent it in for repair. It was returned after 1 month with the audio repaired. Now, after another month of use, the picture and audio is out... nothing works except the "on" light. We are sending it back again for repair, still under warranty, but we do not have any confidence in the product. I would not be surprised if it has more problems before the end of the year.

On the plus side, their customer service has responded to my emails within a few days (for the most part). And, since the TV is still under warranty, it has not cost us anything to repair. Maybe we just got a "lemon", but after a quick review of other reviews, it seems that this model has a high percentage of catastrophic failures.

My recommendation would be to avoid this TV and buy a name brand.Awful!
I received this as a gift. I was disappointed with it being from this retailer and heard bad reviews of this brand line. The sound quality is awful unless you have a surround sound. These style TVs aren't built to last, so do yourself a favor and pick up the extended warranty for this one or buy elsewhere. That competing big box wholesale store has TVs at a slightly higher price point with MUCH better warranty of 2 years for all TVs and an additional 3 years on top of the 2 for less than $50. Great bargain unless you want it to last for more than 20 months. The features are pretty solid and the picture quality itself was good enough -until it stopped working.Died in less than 2 years.
MY FIRST ONE ...THE SCREEN WAS CRACKED....THEY HAD TO ORDER ME ANOTHET ONE.

GOT IT HOME AND HAD TO Call CABLE COMPANY..
THEY GOT ME SOUND
..

I CALLED THE COMPANY WHO MADE IT AND THEY SAID THE BACKLIGHT MUST BE OUT OF IT.AFTER 4 HOURS IT IS GOING BACK AND NO MORE OF THIS BRANDdont buy
Very disappointing to have the TV arrive and find out there is no Coax cable connection.TV did not come with a Coax cable connection.
Great picture, easy to set up, consumer friendly manual. Using as a monitor, but very easy to switch to view TV programs & use DVD player and then back to computer.Dual use... Monitor & TV
Picture went out and all I have is sound. I have been calling the service number to inquire about warranty as it has been only 7 months ago that I bought it and no one answers the calls. When you call it goes straight to voice mail. I left a voice mail numerous times and no one returns my calls. Total waste of money! I will never buy this brand again.Do not buy!
If you're going to spend $160 for a TV, you should spend a little more to get a better TV. The audio sounds terrible the picture stinks and my 10 year old daughter cries every night begging me to buy her something else.Not worth the money.
I would not recommend this TV.Sound stopped after 15 min.
There is not a manufacturers code to set this up with my cable box. I have to use 2 remotes and if I forget which one to use for what, I have to start over. Instructions only cover "without a cable box." The sound is awful, not anything like what I expected. It is tinny and not at all what I exected. What the heck did I buy????? I thought I was getting a good deal and a new TV, but this is not at all what I expected. I do not like it, but it would cost me more to return it....let's just say I am not happy and prefer to just keep it off than turn it on and listen to the silence. I hate it. What did I buy here?does not work with my cable
did not work, returneddid not work out of the box, returned
we could not get a picture when we turned on the TV.Did not work when it arrivied!
TV was a birthday gift for my son. When he removed the TV and plugged it in the picture had a huge line running through the picture. I Will just take it back to the store and buy one there. It doesn't matter where I order it from, if it is a sensitive item it does not work when it arrives! Done with online electronic purchases!!!!!!!!!!!!I am done buying anything electronic online!!!!!!!
The television was hard to assemble the stand, the tv worked for 1 minute then would not come on. i returned it back to the store and ordered another brand.The tv worked for 1 minute then would not work
11/27//12 we bought a lemon and then we bought a smaller one and I am just waiting. The first thing that happened was the sound went out on the 32" and had to send it back to Sceptre , now it will not turn on we have tried. So we have gone from 32" to an 19" for the play off and super bowl. Anyway I would never buy another one of these.TV 32"
The power board failed after 18 months of moderate use in our bedroom. The company wanted $100 to replace the power board and $50 for shipping and handling. This excludes cost to ship the TV to them. When I added up the cost to repair versus the cost paid for the TV, I threw it in the trash. You get what you pay for with cheap junk like this TV.This TV is Junk
This is a waste of time and money tv is a piece of junk after a yearworthless
This Sceptre TV seemed like an awesome deal but if it sounds too good to be true, it probably is true. This TV suddenly stopped working after 4 months of daily use. Up to that point it was very good. I did purchase the additional warranty so if you buy a Sceptre, be sure to purchase the warranty. I probably bought a lemon as the other reviews are mostly positive.Died in 4 months
TV lasted 4 days then went white!! Returned it!! You get what you pay for!!!32 TV
I couldn't get the TV to work, even paid a tech to come looks at it. According to the net, more people had this problem than not. The return to the store was painless.didn't work & I'm not the only one
I order the TV on line and received it in 2 days and after just 21 days I have to return it because it just quit working. It was just like someone had unplugged it. Called the company and they suggested that I try a different cord which didn't work either. Tech support very nice and helpful. The unit had a very good picture and the sound was ok. Remote very flimsy. The base of the TV was hard to install because the opening to attach it to the TV was very rough. I was satisfied with the TV as long as it worked.The TV just died after 21 days.
The tv had a blank screen. No picture at all. Only sound. Had to return for different brand and extra cost.Blank Screen
The picture would completely go black leaving just the sound after about an hour of steady ily being on. The light inside was still working, the display was not. The picture-when it worked was gorgeous. The sound volume was extremely weak. Not a good TV as I think they are often defective. I returned it to the store and bought one off the floor. Costs way more to buy in store than online, but you don't have to worry about UPS, FEDEX, or the postal service dropping or throwing it.Item Defective
Terrible picture quality and the sound didn't workgarbage
Turned on but had a blank screen. HDMI ports didn't work.very disappointeddidnt work at all
This tv is ok for a kids room which is what we used it for but the sound quality is awful. The speakers vibrate and it's almost as if your listing to your tv on lap top speakers. Other then that it's not bad pretty good picture for 720p. Looking back though I would have just spent a little more money and gotten a Visio.Spend a little more and get a name brand tv
Got it out of the box Christmas Eve, plugged it in and no power. Called the service center and got no one. Left a message about the problem, still haven't received a call back. Ill never ever buy anything from this brand again. Cheap price and cheap everything else.No power
Would have been nice if they put all the parts in the box. Terrible purchase.ooops
I BOUGHT TWO OF THESE TVS ONE WAS REAL GOOD HAD GOOD COLOR EVERYTHING WORKED GREAT. THE OTHER TV HAD HALF THE SCREEN IN DARK SHADE. HAD TOO RETURN IT.good and bad
TV was a piece of junk. Could not adjust color. Everything was green no matter what setting you put it on. Sound was also really bad. Sent it back.Piece of junk!
I am very pleased with the look, picture and clarity of this Sceptre TV. Years ago I purchased a Sceptre monitor for my computer and have been extremely pleased with it. I purchased this in South Carolina, but it will be carried back to Michigan to my summer home. Pricing was very good, the product is very good looking and I am very pleased with it.New Bedroom TV
First day I hooked it up turned on no picture! So I unplugged it and tried again about 10 times finally got a picture! Lots of glitches with this tv, sound and picture not bad at all and plenty of inputs but iv had the picture turn itself off about 30 times in 2 weeks!im taking it back this weekend, don't waste your money spend the xtra30 bucks and get a rca or emerson if not u need to get a 2 or 3 year warranty!junk
VERY disappointed. We loved the tv and then it just died. Nothing comes up on the screen.TV Screen stopped working after only a year
I bought this tv a year ago for my mother and now it will not even come on. She had trouble with it turning on and now it will not turn on at all. It pays to spend a little more and get a name brand tv. I would not recommend this product to anyone. :(CHEAP TV AND QUALITY!!
This tv was great for the 1st month then it stop working!! Power wouldn't even come on! I had to return it to the store!! Very disappointed because this was my sons tvPoor quality
Was SOOO excited, haven't had a new TV in years. Looked like a really good deal and good reviews. HA! got it all out and set up and then just went down hill from there. Read manual twice front to back. Set up supposed to be easy. First would not find the cable channels - set up with cable selection (only have two to pick from so how complex can it be??? Second it would not adjust the full picture to the screen size no matter which option was selected!!! How stupid is that. Even called the manufacturer and that guy said the model/serial was actually on a 'lemon' list and he was surprised it was sold. WATCH what you buy - I purchased on line due to ship to home (live out in the country pretty far from a store BUT had to take to store to return. They are so used to returns that it was easy but soooo disappointing and just disgusted. Will save up more money and shop elsewhere.Don't waste your time or money
This was A Christmas present for my son imagine his disappointment when he plugged it in to watch it on Christmas Day and the television did not work. The screen was completely red, stayed red and would not change. We then had to bring it back, which is always so much fun after Christmas, and none of our local stores had any 32" TVs. I bought him another brand at another store. Will not buy this brand or any electronics from this store again. If I could've , I would have given 0 stars.Doesn't work
Bad remote control is very weakBad remote control
i didnt mind the lack of pic and sound quality, but after like 5 months it stop powering on, sceptre tech support offered littl to no help in fixing the problem,broke down after a few months
At first I was very happy with this television. Great picture, excellent price, easy set-up. Then less than one month later, 19 days to be exact, the unit powered on, but nothing on the screen and no sound. Tried all the "troubleshooting" tips I could find online and nothing fixed the problem. So now it's off to the store, on Christmas Eve of all days, to return/exchange.
Seems to be a rather common problem with this TV, so I don't know if I'm going to exchange or just simply get something different.One month and done
even with a warranty hold onto your original box the company Sceptre customer service is bad. they will falsify that they received the tv back broken if not in their box, they will file a claim and tell you the box is damaged. UPS is aware of their tactics. My tv went the screen started getting lines and then half the tv was black in less than 3 months...I am still fighting with them, since I did not have my box.They will tell you also if you they do NOT offer boxes yes they do, do NOT get scammed by them as I did.I took pictures before it was shipped and $50.00 to get a box from UPS in which they packed it.
Ask for the RMA number and you want a BOX. They will send you the new tv and you are to put the old tv in it and ship it back, This is per UPS claims who has done over 400 claims. There are 48 BBB claims against the company.
They all lie at the other end document, document.....I have UPS fighting for me since the claim was denied since the box did NOT arrive damaged as Sceptre stated point blank as I have it on an email.. They are cheap because they break and then they do not get replaced. If they state we normally do not send return labels they are lying also. Get a box and a label do NOT pay for anything and take pictures of everything before you send it back. I am at one month and still fighting due to their lies. Who is paying for my box that I did not have to get from UPS $50.00 and who is paying for the cable that I do not have a tv.
VERY ANGRY AND DISSATISFIED CUSTOMERhold on to your box.and strofoam .it will break
We had just got the tv and upon opening the box and setting up, the tv screen was defective.Bad
I bought this as a gift the price was right but when it arrived it was not working
T.v. was damaged so I took it back and paid for an upgrade. You get what you pay forNot impressed
great price good picture only drawback regular speakers not very loud32in spectre
I purchased two and both stopped powering on immediately after 12 months.Terrible Product
Buying online and store pick up was really easy. Once out of the box we noticed a missing pixel. The missing pixel stares you right in the eyes every time you watch it.Missing pixel
Yes it looks like the picture. Yes it came in a timely manner but does it work absolutely not. We had the tv for a week when we cut it off and then it would not come back on again. Called the manufacturer and all they could say was "yeah you have a defective tv. Take it back to the store." Not familiar with this brand but it was enough to make me say I won't deal with them again.Television is a bust
Just sopped working. Wal mart would not take it back- Do not buy an online only from Wal mart as the local stores will not honor the warranty.This tv just stopped working after 4 months
This is a great tv for a cheap price.Great TV
simply put it did not workall dressed up with no place to go!
While I was pleased with the price for the TV and it was shipped right away, I was upset that it didn't work and I had to return it to the store. Because it was paid via a Debit card, I was issued a gift card a purchased another TV from the store, which cost some more money. It however worked, unlike the first issued TV.Broken TV shipped
For the price of this tv, I couldn't be happier. Using it in the bedroom works just great, bought a sound bar for it, and haven't even hooked it up yet.Bedroom tv
I purchased this for my little boys room 11-06-2012. Did not have cable in his room so it was used only to watch movies and did not get alot of use. Loved the TV at first and it had a beautiful picture. Just has cable hooked up in his room and the tv lasted 3 days. Now I have sound but no picture. Looked at the reviews on the internet and seems like tons of other people had the exact same problem. $180.00 down the drain.Don't waste the money
Bought online and delivered to home. When hooked up all that happens is red light changes to blue but no picture. Taking back to store for refund and will have to find a TV there. This was an anniversary gift I bought for my niece and her husband so a little disappointed it seems to be a lemon.Doesn't work
DOA took back and three more were setting in return area.DOA
I purchased this TV for my son for Christmas 2012. The picture recently went out on the tv without warning. The price was great, which attracted me in the first place. However, I wish I would have read the reviews prior to buying. I recommend you spend a few extra dollars to buy a TV of better quality and that will last. I am not pleased at all with this product. DO NOT BUY!!!!!Picture went out within 9 months
We gave this to my mother-in-law for Christmas, she is 97, and it went out on her last night. I now have to pack it up and return the tv to Walmart. It didn't even last 3 weeks. Not happy.The picture was very clear when there was one!
We just purchased this tv for our 9yr old son for Christmas, to replace his perfectly working, smaller one. Once hooked up, it had little squiggly lines running across the screen, which eventually cleared up. We weren't sure if it was the tv, or a problem with the cable, because we were actually having issues with that at the time also. But oddly enough, the tv started turning ON by itself. We would turn it off, and 5 minutes or so later, it would just pop right back on. Every time, its a different amount of time....and POP, right back on !! Very disappointed... nobody wants a tv that turns on by itself at various times of the day or night. You want it to turn OFF ... when you want it to.... not surprise you and just POP on !What a let down ...
Unfortunately I had to return this item on 2/27/12. It was a Christmas gift for my son. After two days it started having horizontal lines appear at the bottom of the screen. My husband tried everything to trouble shoot but realized it was the television itself.

I read the reviews on this model and they were all favorable. I feel bad that I did not have this same experience.

I did have high hopes!RETURNED THIS ITEM
It may be a good product but I wouldn't know. The one I got did not work. It had a pixel line through the screen. When it was brought to swap at store we could not get the same brand because this was available online only. The tv we swapped for had to be returned also. That one had no power. Finally on the third trip we got one that worked. so far so good!Didn't work
This TV would not power up. The screen would just flicker with a white flash. I had reservations about buying this TV, now I know why.TV would not turn on
The old adage you get what you pay for came true here. I bought this tv for a very reasonable $200, but after a 1 year and 3 months the picture died.Low End
Seemed very cheap and the second I finally turned it on it had a black line going through it vertically. No way to describe how cheap the quality is but needless to say it was sent back asap due to the line.cheap
This TV lasted 8 months then the power supply went out.

I have a Sanyo LCD that 3 years old and still going.

Avoid Sceptre unless your made of money.Stay Away
Thought I was getting a good deal. Ordered it off walmart website. When we got it home it was missing more than one piece. It was missing part of the stand and also the remote. Took it back to Walmart the store doesn't carry this brand of tv so ended up buying a more expensive one. Would not recommend it.Had to return it.
The television stop working. The picture was out of focus and the screen eventually turned blue and no picture or sound was available. I had this t.v. for a little over a month. I returned it to Walmart.

ThanksDisappointed with Sceptre
I'm really enjoying this, my first HDTV. Good picture great colorssceptre 32" HDTV
Bad serive bad qualitySuper bad
The t.v. clarity is not great. I wish Iwould have known that the picture quality was so poor.not freat quality
i am going to have to take the tv back to walmart for a refund because it quit working!the tv quit working 3 days after i got it!
When I first hooked the tv up it was fine and I shut it off for not even 5 minutes and the tv picture would not come back in. I packed it back up and took it back to Walmart. Will never buy this tv again...Bad Tv
This TV's picture wet black after a couple months of having it. You get what you pay for here. The price was low because the quality was low. I was able to return it to the manufacture to have it fixed under the manufacturer's year warranty I sent it back a week and a half ago and will not receive it for approximately 3 weeks. The warranty is good if it blacks out under a year but it will take a whole month to have it shipped, fix and returned. Customer service was horrible. This whole purchase was a nightmare! If i could give this TV no stars rather than 1 I would. NEVER AGAIN.Warning: DO NOT BUY THIS TV
while the picture quality was pretty good , the sound tends to be tinny....used it as a monitor for my pc..which was satisfactory. Had the product for less than a year when the on off switch began to have problems, until finally it failed to turn on the screen. There aren't any local places to take it for repair. It has to be sent back to the factory. I had called the Company and they said it was likely a failed circuit board. I don't have my purchase documents so will likely just trash it and buy something better..stopped working befor first year
I thought this TV would have lasted more than 6 months. It worked great until then when it started to shut itself off and refused to be turned back on. Eventually, the television shut itself off and will no longer show a picture in the screen when turned on. Haven't used this product in manner unintended by the manufacturer so to speak, so very disappointed it has stopped functioning all together.That's not what I expected
Sent back 1st unit with bad picture, 2nd unit has Dead HDMI inputs but good picture using Antenna. I decided to keep 2nd unit cause I was able to use the Component or A/V inputs with DVD and did not have time to get another TV at this price before Xmas. Build Quality Control on this TV is obviously poor.2 bad units
Bought Sceptre 32' tv. White washer was left out - this allows you to mount the tv on the stand. I called Sceptre over 30 times and left messages. Finally got a customer service rep that said it would be mailed by priority mail. Never showed up. Kept calling with no response or anyone answering. Kept for two weeks to see if part would arrive. Poor company - would not recommend to anyone.items left out
The TV stopped working after a week of use had to return it to Wal-mart for a refund. The picture quality was great up until it went out.TV Went Out
very disappointed, if possible would like to return TV and pay upgrade to a better quality tv.
the picture should not be as bad as it is.Picture quality is extremely poor.
Have had about a year. TV will power on but screen will not turn on. Have to unplug & replug more & more to get screen to come on! JUNK TV!!Do NOT buy!!
Way too small and has barely no sound. You definitely need a sound bar if the picture is acceptable to you. It wasn't for me.Garbage
I should have spend more for a second TV. The customer setup instructions are at best POOR................ Even after the automated channel find feature was done on a straight cable system of basic channels ( no cable box) the setup is difficult to use.
I would suggest buying a standard name brand. This TV should be as all the many others, easy to set up and use.Very Poor Setup procedure and customer interface
Picture was good but sound was low and horrible.Bad sound
I bought this TV for myself as a Christmas gift to myself in Dec. of 2012. On May 25th, 2013 it just stopped working! I have taken it in and the power supply system is shot! It will cost me another $160 to get it fixed. I am very dissapointed. I even emailed Sceptre and to date have heard nothing back from them. Believe me, next Christmas we are moving up in quality, sure it may cost more but I won't have to pay for it twice.Watch out, the price is deceiving!
No recommendation here. I spent 4 hours attempting to get the TV stand attached as per instructions included. TV still was unstable & wobbled. Nice of them to include a Phillips screwdriver. When I attached the TV to my AT&T box; only 1 channel would setup with a clear picture. Multiple attempts @ re-setup failed. Far too much time wasted on this TV.Labor Intensive & Futile
This tv is junk. Out of the box had dead pixels. Also had on only two hours and dvd menu burnt into screen. Never have I seen such poor quality. Spend more money and get a name brand, even vizio. Do NOT buy.waste of money
I really wanted to make it work because of the great price, but you get what you pay for... The picture was too dark and the sound was poor quality. I returned it today.poor quality
We bought this for the bedroom and so it wasn't even used that much and it lasted for only 18 months. Of course that is past the warranty period. Pay extra for a name brand this is a pile of junk.Broke after 18 months!! Don't waste your money!
We had this TV for 2 months the screen started to get weird vertical lines trough it and just went black. Still has audio, but no picture. Don't waste your money! Purchase a brand you've heard of before!Screen went black after 2 months!
I stupidly bought 3 of these things ,the 1st ones screen went black in less than 8 weeks,the 2nd one in 27 days and this last one you can't hardly get the power button to work, sometimes it takes up to 10 times of disconnecting it and hitting the power button again to get it to come on,but I know its only a matter of time before it will completely stop working. I should have paid attention to the reviews could have saved myself a lot of time,trouble and aggrevation. Never will I buy this brand again, even if they have a 5 for the price of 1 sale.Total Junk
Defective from day one and had to return to store to buy a different make TV.Product was defective and had to return to store.
I bought this TV for my room Dec. 2013. The screen has quit working. I can power it on but the screen is black. For the last week, I've been able to uplug it and plug it back in after waiting about 15 seconds but now nothing. From what I read over the weekend, this is a common theme with all buyers of this brand of TV. I'm so disappointed. The value was great that was the main appeal but I'm disappointed for falling for value over quality. Who wants to replace a TV after only 16 months? From what I've read it will cost more to repare it rather than just replace it. Do not buy unless you dont mind replacing your electronics every 15 - 18 months. If I would have known, I wouldnt have even bought this for my child.Not valuable if you have to replace it in 16 mons!
Used this tv in the living room. Had problems with it from the get go had green and purple lines going up the screen but dealt with it. After an 1 1/2 the screen blanked out.Died after a 1 1/2
After about 15 months of occasional use the screen is dying. It just goes blank for a few seconds. This happens several times a minute. What a disapointment.Screen dies
I purchased two of these tv's. One won't even turn on. The other one turns on, but doesn't work beyond that!! I am returning both of themDoesn't even turn on!!
Black Friday sale was for an Emerson. I'm disappointed. I already sent the first TV back because of poor sound quality and Walmart gave me another one to try.TV looks good but has sound quality issues
This tv is perfect for me, just the right size. Very clear and sharp picture. The sound is very crisp.Love it, really sharp clear picture. Outstanding
Decided to write some reviews today on the products I have purchased on WM.com due to the length of time. Any reviews in my opinion should be written after a long period,not after a day or two. Anyways, it is a decent tv,good picture quality,especially for the price. Keep in mind,not the most expensive.With that said,the sound quality isn't that great, and after a few months ,the sound complety went out and we had to return it. Got an emerson instead of the same price range,which after a year the sound goes on and off where we have to turn off and on to get it back. Hope this review helps you guysAn ok Television for an ok price
Had this TV a little over a year and had to send in for repair.Received TV back within one week only to have the same problem. NO PICTURE. PIECE OF JUNK!Needed repair in the first year
I purchased from Walmart.com this Sceptre 32". After 2 month's exactly, the picture went out and was totally a black screen. It only had sound. Called Walmart.com and they were great and had me send it back prepaid and gave me a refund for the purchase. I turned right around and bought a 40" 1080p 120hz from Walmart at a great sale price. I won't mention the brand name and will give a review of that later. So far the new tv is twice as awesome.
I wish I had read reviews on this Sceptre on line before I bought it because it appears they're a lot of people who purchased this not just from Walmart but many other outlets that had the same complaint. I don't ever plan on buying another Sceptre ever again. As they saying goes, you get what you pay for, in my case if it weren't for Walmart.com, I wouldn't have a tv and be out the money I spent on it.Sweet while it lasted.
Great picture. Great screen. Is all excellent..I recommend to buy itI rate 5 starts
When I was setting it up, it had a nice picture but the speaker had a vibrating sound as if the speaker was busted. I took it back to the store and bought different brand/Bad speakers
took it back to store. no guide. very few apps and no way to add any more dont waste your moneydont bother
This tv has a fake sound.... Sounds like a kids tv... So I am returning it for another brand.All wrong
Good price even arrived before Christmas. We opened it Christmas day missing remote & part of the stand. Returned it to store got credit & purchased a different TV.don't buy it
Easy to hook up and a excellent picture, great for the moneyprop
Seemed like a good tv, looked good while it lasted but it lost picture after 2 hrs of use.Lasted 2 hrs
Had it for a month and it stopped working!It broke
TV shop working after a year and no one wants to take responsibility for this TV not workingBad TV
Sound quality is very poorsound quality is very poor.
