I had read many reviews about this product and I went ahead and took the risk and bought it. To my suprise this bed was very very easy to put together and the instructions were clear. It is a lot more sturdy than I expected and can hold up to a lot of stress. My husband and I have a combined weight of around 550 LBS and it has held up to us very well. I would definately recomend this product to anyone but make sure you follow the instructions when it says to use two people, it can get very heavy. Also... an electric screwdriver was very helpful.Quick, Easy, and Eye Satisfying
I got this bed for my guest room. It's really easy to put together and appears to be pretty sturdy considering the price. I'm definitely satisfied with how it looks. My only complaint is that the platform itself is unsightly should your mattress slip away from the edges. The quality is not excellent-all of the pieces are particle board-- but as I said, before, the quality is what you should expect for the price. Once the bed is made, though, you really can't tell the difference between this bed and other, more expensive platform beds. I recommend getting the bed through site to store shipping because the shipping cost is almost as much as the cost of the bed.Great Looking Bed
After reading the reviews I became quite nervous about this product, because one I would be assembling it by myself and two I was afraid it would arrive damaged with the holes not matching up etc etc. Yet, when it arrived, I saw no damage and I put it together by myself in about 2 hours the directions were easy to follow and my holes did match up. I did not use a power drill or anything and still found it simple to assemble! It looks great in my room and I love it!Not as Bad as I expected
This entire bed is made of cheap particle board. Once assembled it cannot be moved or disassembled because the screws go directly into the particle board - moving it means they pull out of the cheap wood. It does not even look as good as the picture, because unless your matress fits it exactly you'll see particle board (not just black molding). Don't waste your money.What a disaster...
I purchased this bed about 3 years ago. I have moved it three times since then, taking it apart and putting it back together. It is not easy but I had a man helping me so it wasn't a problem. It's held up nicely for having it for 3 years. It's cute and it fits my beachy style. It's a good price for what it is. You can't expect super nice quality for the price. If your looking for a luxurious bed then you can't be cheap and buy this and then complain when you get it. You get what you pay for and 3 years later I'm still happy with this bed.Nice Bed!
I was looking for a nice black platform bed for my husband and I. Most of them are very expensive but this one looked nice and the price is great. We ordered it- was not hard to put together at all! I made a black leather headboard from plywood, black buttons, black leather, and now the whole bed looks awesome and we could not be happier! We also bought the Damask bedding and 2 night stands at walmart also!Love it!
If you are looking for a classy sophisticated modern look for a very affordable price then this product is a great find. It brings a contemporary look to your room without having to worry about spending too much. This is a great bed if you will be staying in the same place for a while because it is a little on the heavy side. It is very easy to build, and is very versatile if you like changing your room often. This bed is actually black and not dark brown or expresso. Can be used with just a mattress for a low look or with a box spring for a tall look. Make sure you get the right size because you will still have about an inch around the mattress of free space on the platform. Great for dorm rooms or small apartments. It has a matte finish not glossy. Overall, great bed for people looking for a great look with a great price.great for tight budgets
____I'd heard the platform was short on the full size, so I went ahead and ordered the queen and spent the $20-something more. Now it's a couple inches too long, but it's easier to hide with a long blanket, so appearance-wise I can deal with it.
____Now, as for the construction of the pieces themselves. This is not real wood, for one thing; it's pressboard. The platform pieces themselves did not even align on either end, and when I moved the bed to the side of the room via scooting it, one of the crossbeams underneath it fell out. The screws were murder to put in for the moldings, as the holes were not pre-drilled, and the dowels did not fit snugly (hence the piece falling out). If it wasn't for my awesome mattress, I would be afraid to even sleep on this bed.
____Do yourself a favor and spend the extra $100-some on a bed with a more solid construction. The only reason I bought this bed and not one from IKEA was because the shipping was cheaper. So much for saving an extra buck.
____Either that, or get yourself a hack saw, a level, and some wood glue. It might secure the bed better so at least it lasts until you can buy something else.Don't waste your money
I managed to put this bed together by myself in short order with no trouble, though I did find using a drill to make things alot easier. Good, but simple, bed frame.Easy to put together
WalMart site-to-store service is exceptional. Great value for price. Not bad to put together (best to have two people) . Because of the assembly, I am guessing it would be hard to move. I would buy this product again.South Shore Queen Platform Bed...
It's very economical and easy to put together. But since it's made of pressed wood, you can only take it apart and re-assemble it so many times. So if you're pron to moving this wouldn't be the product for you. Also, with no headboard your pillows tend to fall behind the bed unless it's pressed up against the wall. However, with the right mattress it is a very comfortable and it looks good.Good product for temporary use
This bed is a huge compliment to my room. It looks great, fits well, and gives ample room to walk around or place other furniture in the room. It doesn't "creek," squeek, or shift when I toss and turn at night.
It took me a little while to build it, because I had to do it by myself. However, the instructions were fairly easy to understand.Perfect for college students
The main problem with this product is that the wood is poor quality, and it so it chips and breaks as you are trying to assemble it. The nails don't hold in the wood well, and though it looks good assembled, it is not very stable. I would not recommend this bed.Poor quality
Simply put, this bed is awesome value for a guest room bed. My wife was very sceptical about buying such a cheap piece, but once assembled she can't believe how it turned out.
With the high mattress with topping, it looks and feels awesome. The bed is very comfortable and the flat base is very supportive of the mattress. In fact I would say its more supportive than the ridiculously expensive bed in our master suite which cost 20times more.

Things to note though, Although I bought a queen size platform, I actually put a king size mattress on it. In fact I think it goes better with this bed. The king is practically the exact height of the base and sticks out about 3in on each side which is practically nothing and doesn't slope, and after reading the reviews of people seeing the edges of the baseboard sticking out with a queen mattress, a king size mattress made more sense since no baseboard edges stick out underneath it.

Assembly was way too easy. There are like 9 pieces (6 pieces with 3 other board pieces) to assemble and 3 aesthetic strips. The assembly took us less than 1 hour. Simply lay the pieces out in order first and its a breeze. An electric screwdriver helps to thread the screws and hand torque them. No way I would screw down the base board by hand, too many screws.

The markings for each piece are there if you look on the edges, although they tended to mark just 1 of each of the 2 side pieces. but still if you can't figure that out after looking at the diagram, then you shouldn't be self-assembling.

My only issue would be that they didn't add a diagonal strut to the base, to make it more easy to move the bed without risking breaking it. So moving the bed is a tricky coordination act for 2 people. Simply put, its not an easy bed to move. Disassembly is out of the question. But considering how little the bed cost and the level of comfort, I can't really complain. Throw on a bedding set and you have a full guestroom practically ready.

Overall, quite pleased that I could put a good bed for such a low price in my guest room. But again, this is due to the very nice quality mattress because I'm sure a cheap mattress would make this uncomfortable. But since you don't need a boxspring with this, spend the boxspring money on getting a better mattress, you'll be glad you did.Best Value For the Money GuestBed
Let me just say that this bed ends up being simple yet elegant when put together. It is very sturdy and will go well with any decor. That said . . .
Make sure you either have someone to help you, or have an entire afternoon to put this thing together because you will be at it for a while!
The instructions ARE quite well thought out and it IS relatively well put-together, but it is also held together by apr. forty-two thousand screws. Putting them all in takes a few hours, trust me!
The only other gripe I have about assembly is aligning the top panels of the bed. You get what look like two scrap pieces of wood that are actually used to make sure the first plank is properly aligned. Someone unsure of themselves could quickly and easily end up with a crooked and/or off-center bed! A better solution would have been to affix much smaller alignment pieces directly to the two end-planks to make alignment a snap.
Once it IS together though, it's a great bed. Don't expect mucho style and finess. In the end it's a black box with a platform on top of it. If you want something simple or understated though, this bed is perfect. My wife and I love it and so far shows nary a sign of wear and tear. We hope to be using it for years to come.Simple Beauty
I have been looking for a bed that did not need a look of fuss to make it look attractive. This is it, very easy to make the bed, and don't have to worry about dust bunnies.Hard to beat
We bought this bed about a month ago and have really liked it. It looks great, it's nice and sturdy, and was relatively easy to assemble. The only thing I'm not wild about is that only the outside edges are finished, the underneath is MDF or particle board. We bought a queen size bed for a queen size mattress, but there is still about an inch on either side where the MDF shows... can be covered by the comforter, but it isn't the ideal solution. Overall, very pleased with this purchase.Great Buy - Looks Good
Be ready to use your forearms on this frame. There are dozens and dozens of screws. And they must be aligned correctly or you will have difficulty constructing the frame.
The package is quite heavy. I brought it home in my truck and dragged it into my room where it will stay. I plan on being in my home for years which is good as the thought of moving this thing is dreadful!
You MUST follow the directions to a tee to put it together correctly. If you do, it is not too bad to complete. I did it on my own in two hours and 15 minutes. I had the air conditioner turned up and a fan blowing on me for comfort as I did work up a bit of a sweat. '
Good workout and solid buy!Builds great forearms!
My husband and I put the frame together in a evening. It did take us a little longer than we expected as we had to read the directions over and over again, the instructions were a little confusing but we did it! The bed looks GREAT! The price was reasonable and FREE delivery to our door. What more could one ask for? The bed looks great in our guest bedroom. We are happy customers!Queen Size Platform Bed
The instructions were very easy to follow and we love our new bed! The only hard part was trying to get the platform (plywood) to square out using the pieces they give you. Suggestion, have some one help to get it square and then screw it in place.Love this bed!!!!
I can't ask for a better bed!! Awesome, awesome, awesome!

I am so glad at the value of this bed! It was very cheap. But made very well. I can say that I have never been happier with a purchase! <3
I have been sleeping on the floor prior to this..lol

The moulding on this is very pretty, convenient so that you don't slam your knee/shin on sharp edges. I think this thing is very sleek. Very nice to sleep on. Very light (compared to some beds) but hard to carry when taking it to the car! Bring a few friends to lift it!

Good:
Very nice design, very sleek, chic.
Very pretty colour.
Low. I like low beds. Sits about 3-5" off the floor.

Bad/changes:
Missing one peg cover (the little round things that cover screws) but it was on a non-visible side on the top.
Weird that there is no coving for the top part of the "headboard type area"?
My cat likes to dive under the edges and hide in the corner spaces..was hoping to avoid that :P

Used with a memory foam mattress (cheap Sleep 1 brand here.) Makes the bed a bit harder than expected. May want to find a soft mattress or a mattress plus memory foam under this!PERFECT!
Firm sleep. Heavy folks not a problem. I never want a box spring again!firm sleep
Having just purchased a memory foam mattress, I was interested in buying a platform bed. This one seemed simple and priced reasonably. Unfortunately, when I pulled the heavy box into my home and tore into the packaging, I realized I'd made a mistake. For $140, I got a bunch of pressed wood, some laminated in white. It all fits together without a single complex, secure corner. If it weren't for the immobility of the heavy mattress on it, this bed would likely crumble within a few days. Had I known, I would have bought $80 worth of plywood and boards and made a platform myself and would trust I could disassemble and reassemble without destroying it. This piece will likely become land fill when I need to move it.Cheap
My husband and I absolutely love this bed. We opted for the Site to Store shipping method and we were not disappointed. The packaging was intact and it arrived within a week.

The overall assemble of the bed was a bit time-consuming and a bit confusing. The best advice I can recommend is to take your time and label all of the pieces beforehand. We were at a bit of an advantage though because we had actually already built this exact same bed, in a full size, for my mother.

This bed saved us a lot of money and it is very sturdy. My husband and I have a combined weight of about 500 lbs and the bed has held up fantastic. We both are absolutely in love with this bed frame and would recommend it. Just make sure you have some time to dedicate to the project and a partner to help you build it. It's worth the money you save.Exactly what we were looking for.
I just moved into my new home, the bed is great, my neighbor set it up in less than 1 hour, the free delivery took less than 3 business days, i love walmart, the memory foam mattress sitting on my platform bed was also purchased from walmart. the bed is quiet when i toss and turn, quality is great, the price i paid was less than $150.00. Other store was asking me 300.00 or 400.00 for same item, walmart is my store, i have no complaint.it meet my needs
It's hard to rate this bed at this point but wanted everyone to be aware of a potential problem. We received this bed at what we considered a fair price. We also purchased and have put together the dresser and nightstand. Unfortunatly we could not assemble the bed as no instructions were enclosed. We tried calling the 800 # on the box but had to leave a message.no instructions
My husband and I purchased this bed for our new apartment. It was easy to assemble and looks awesome. We love it. It looks very modern and much more expensive than it really was. We also purchased the matching headboard, dresser, night tables and mirror. We are thrilled with the quality of the products.LOVE THIS BED!
When researching this bed, I saw that a majority of reviews were positive, but was drawn to the negative ones, as one should be, what went wrong, what could have been done better, etc... I am happy to report, that everything I read was either uninformed or has been addressed by the vendor and Wal-Mart. The only part about the assembly I would like to have seen go easier was the molding as the holes are still not pre-drilled in the molding itself, and the screws are tough to get started. I found that because of the type of screw used, a few taps with a hammer to get them started was all it took. The packaging for the product has been improved so much since some of the older negative reviews as such, that everything arrived safe and sound with no issue. I found no issues with the holes lining up as had been reported by some, and the screws never 'stripped out' on me. That being said, I heeded the warning on the cover of the instructions that clearly states that you completely read and understand the instructions before beginning. I was able to complete the entire assembly in a little over an hour, and all I used was two different size phillips screwdrivers (one large head and one medium head, for the two types of screws used) and a hammer. It also appears the 'damaged in transport' stories have been addressed both my Wal-Mart using Fed-Ex to ship this, and the improvements made to the packaging. Once completely assembled this bed is sturdy, moves around the room easily, can be picked up without fear of it 'coming apart' as has been reported, and it has simplistically elegant styling. I went for the natural wood finish so the exposed pieces would be laminated, and I am very happy with that choice, it looks great. I think if one uses the right tools, reads all the directions first, takes their time, and waits to move the bed around until you have completed assembly, one should experience no issues with this bed, and be happy with the result.Better than expected, in all aspects...
Was easy to assemble, quality for price is good. Seems sturdy and looks good.Good Value
We love this bed. If you are looking for a simple platform bed this bed is great and is a great price. Very happy with our purchase.Great Product for Price
First of all the box is heavy and hard to carry because of how long it is of course. Definitely plan on some help carrying it and maybe even assembling. Everything was pre-drilled on mine except the top boards. Instructing took about 30 minutes with 'taking my time not to mess anything up' so its fairly easy. Read the instructions and take extra care when assembling the top boards. My surface boards were not pre-drilled so a wrong move could cost you some crookedness or off-centeredness. However the instructions do instruct you on this step. Mine only ended up 1/16th of an inch more to the left then the right. Totally unnoticeable of course. Not a big deal. Definitely be very careful when moving. I would take the mattress off before relocating the piece to another part of your room. And still get some help because the way it's designed if one part moves and another part doesn't it might crack. Another reviewer said that it broke on them and thats something to be wary of. I don't think I'd want kids wrestling on it just because of the possibility of it breaking. For the price, I'm a happy customer except for shipping costs. Hope that helps ya'll!Nice
Purchased this bed earlier this year for our guest room and absolutely love it. We also bought the matching 6 drawer dresser and night table to complete the look. Our guests all say it was very comfortable--no complaints. Assembling it you should definitely use your power drill. Overall it's a nice bed frame for your kids or guest room.Great Bed for the price
It's not as tall as I imagined it. It does serve it's purpose and for the price, it was worth it. Furniture is so expensive now. Assembly was not too difficult. Would I choose this over a regular box spring and frame? No. But it fits well in our room and our budget.Not what I expected, but OK.
The bed actually came ahead of the estimated ship time which was great. The box was VERY heavy and it took two adults to get it in the house. It was easy to unpack and was packed neatly and in easy order according to the assembly instructions. All of the pieces and parts were there and the holes lined up exactly when assembling. It was super easy to put together. It is very sturdy and does not move or make any noise at all. I am using with the 12 inch memory foam mattress and it is the perfect height. It gives great support to the mattress and much better than the box spring that it was originally on. The product is particle board with a paper layer over the top, which is what I expected for the price. If you are looking for a wonderful finished product then this probably isn't the type of thing you should purchase. If you are looking for good quality, solid construction and a utilitarian platform bed this is a great product.Good quality for the price!
DO NOT BUY..! I read the other reviews before purchasing this bed. I was like, "Aww. They are over-exaggerating their experience." How wrong I proved to be. The screw holes were either off or not there. I had to make several of my own in order to put the bed together. The large partical board pieces that are to be used for the box spring did not line up..! A total diagonal nightmare. The three black sides/rails are more like small branches with no guidance or pre-drilled holes. And no matter what pressure we put on it, the screws would not go in. DO NOT BUY..!Do not buy this bed!
I am not a newcomer to RTA furniture. Have assembled many different brands and types of furniture. This product is poorly engineered and uses low quality materials. Have had it less than than six months and would return it if I could. I do a fair amount of research before I buy, and hate to return things. I rely partly, on product reviews and ratings. I do not understand how this product could be rated so high! Getting ready to do a review on it's replacement, which at this point is 100% better.WOULD NOT BUY!
I am very pleased that I purchased this bed. I was afraid it may not be very sturdy, but it is & I got a great deal! My husband & I put it together without any trouble and I love it! This purchase was an A+ all around!Great bed for less!
Each time I get a new bedroom, I buy this platform bed (and other southshore furniture) to put in it. Simply put, I love it. It is easy to assemble and works great in any size bedroom. I use it with an 8" memory foam mattress (only) in the guest room and with my tempurpedic mattress and boxspring in the master bedroom; either way it looks great. If you want a great bed at a great price, this is it.Great bed for a great price!
After searching numerous stores for a platform bed, we came across this one on Wal-Mart's website. I am pleased to say, that this bed is fantastic. My husband put it together by himself without too much trouble. Other than needing to buy corner covers, this bed is definitely worth the purchase.Better than expected
Well made platform bed. I put this together by myself in about 1-1/2 hours. It is extremely sturdy and attractive. You might have a problem putting on the final trim which is suppose to be screwed into the platform, but there was no way to get underneath the platform once it is built. no problem, i purchased wood glue and it is solid. This bed is comfortable, attractive, affordable. It is typical WalMart.South Shore Queen Platform Bed and Molding, White
Bought this to go with our new memory foam mattress. It was easy to assemble, all the parts came in the box and it looks great!
Our old frame was so high, you nearly had to stand on your toes to get up on the bed. This is much lower and gives our room a real contemporary feel along with our 2 new night stands and lamps! I'd buy another one in a heartbeat!Awesome!
Ok so I went online and read the reviews and went ahead and bought the bed in black. Setup was pretty easy (Platform bed is just a wooden rectangle so its not hard to imagine the assembled product in your head without even reading the directions). It took me about 1.5hrs working slowly. All the pieces are marked clearly and the diagrams are accurate. I would just look closely at each diagram to see what I needed to put where and I was done. The overall look is awesome, I really like it. If you stand about 2 feet away and look and the base of the bed, it almost seems like its just floating on air because the platform support is pretty deep away from the edge of the platform. I like this a lot because it opens up my room. My only two minor dissapointment was that #1 one out of four of the platform boards did not line up perfectly or maybe that could have been my mistake too because when you lay the first big piece on the left of the bed, it has to be lined up correctly or else when you lay the other three one next to the other they will inevitably be off too because of the first piece being off. This was very VERY minor there is a small margin for error to where my assembly still came out near perfect. Also when moving the bed be careful when trying to lift from the platform areas. It is kinda heavy and if your screws in the platform planks are off (like mine were) then you will lift the plank out of the base with screws and all. Thats it, other than that for around 100 hundred dollars and free shipping to home this bed is probably the BEST value in a queen sized platform bed. Thank you Walmart!Met my expectations
To start, this was a great value for a basic, no frills platform bed. It is important to note also, that at 8 months pregnant, I had no problem building this bed by myself.Great value and easy to set up.
Well like other reviews I've read, the product box is very long and heavy. I appreciate what I paid because when I was quoted for other queen size platform beds the prices were well above $300. When I received the box the screws were all missing!!! So I had to call the manufacturer to have them delivered express. Once I got them,The bed was very easy to put together (with 2 friends of course). But the boards are sort of like a cheap cork board material so the screws did keep stripping themselves as we drilled them in and the boards never really ended up perfectly straight. I agree that if you intend to move the bed take the mattress off and do it with help since the boards shifts and the screws lift. I got a really great pillow-top mattress so the bed looks high up and the comfort level is great!!! Just watch out for the corners, although they are rounded you may still get some bruises from getting off and on it if you're not careful. So I would definitely recommend the bed for the price, just make sure you splurge on the mattress.platform peace!
this is very poor quality product, the top boards doesn't align well even after i tried hard, and the edges of the top board easily breaks, after putting nails it doesn't feel like sturdy. it looks like it is merely impossible to move it after assembling. it is like a use and through bed. but it looks great after assembling.poor quality boards
I bought this with the headboard and the two nightstands, so it was a good value. However, if I weren't budget conscious, I would have considered spending more for better quality. Many of the exposed edges of brown particle board don't even have a laminated edge (in fact, each box came with a black felt tip marker...are you kidding?!) and the corner of one of the larger boards was damaged. Many of the holes were not predrilled, so I ended up stripping a couple of the screw heads trying to assemble the bed rail. The instructions are not very clear at all. You have to do a lot of guesswork at which edge goes which way. A drill, a can of black spray paint, and a lot of patience help with the assembly. Unless you have all these things and are fairly handy, I'd choose something else.All things considered, just so-so.
I was excited to get my South Shore furniture collection a few weeks ago but little did I know the bed platform would fall apart just less than 24hours of assembling. It said it was a two person job to assemble but it was for any of the furniture collection. It was pretty easy to put together but when you try to move the bed platform is does require two people to move it and when doing so the platform that holds the mattress lifted completely off the boards holding the platform up. The screws came completely out! Then the front faceboard at the foot of the bed chipped.My husdand and I were very disappointed!!! The wood walmart.com gives you to assemble the bed platform is very cheap and not very steady. I most definetly with out a doubt would NOT recommend this product to anyone.VERY DISAPPIONTED!!!
Recently bought this platform bed to go with a head board of similar finish but the actual product after assembly is quite different from what is shown. The box at the bottom (on top of which the platform sits) is actually very small then what is shown in the picture. So small that I fear the actual platform might get de-attached if I use edges of the bed more.

Now the actual problem, this bed does not assemble at all. I mean the platform doesn't align with the base box. I tried every combination possible but I couldn't fit the platform on the box as described in the manual. It is simply not aligned together. Trust me, I am an engineer myself and know how things can be assembled and am pretty good with different views of an object (basics from Engineering Drawing subject). I think its a complete waste and I may have to buy another one because don't have enough patient to re-package such a heavy thing and send them back and also can't stay without a bed either.
Look at the picture attached and see the various pieces of platform doesn't align in a straight line and hence not all screws are in place to join it with the box below. This is the best possible combination with the given pieces.Not what it looks like. Beware!!
I would just like to say for the price its worth its value! I found it not to hard to put together but i would recommend that you use a power drill because your hands will get tired of the many screws you have to use. I am currently using a air mattress an for some odd reason it feels better that sleeping on the floor so i will write back when i put my mattress on it.Platform bed
i already had maple pieces of bedroom furniture in my bedroom but my box spring wouldnt fit up the steps, soooo i purchased this bed online...LOVE IT!.. very easy to put together, and the holes lined up fine for me! it also matches perfectly wit my other bedroom pieces!south shore queen platform bed
I order this one for my mom and she love it, but is not made for a heavy person so if you think you are to heavy this is not for you.Nice and good for the price
The base boards were crooked, and it messed up the whole entire assembly.
None of the parts wanted to fit right, and the wood was very flimsy and cheap.Horrible
I had low expectations given the price and other reviews. The bed arrived and I immediately set to assembling it myself - I am a 37 y.o. single-mom to a 4 year old. The assemble wasn't that bad. I've put together plenty of assemble-yourself furniture so following the instructions wasn't too bad. As other reviewers noted, the holes often did not line up. This was the worst when it came to attaching the platform sections to the frame. Nothing lined up well and I ended up driving screws in to the front and messing up the finish. It's not very visible so not a big deal but, still...my bed is essentially already ruined. The unfinished platform section is visible unless my comforter is resting over it. Overall it is a really cheap, not very attractive yet fairly functional piece of furniture. I cannot really recommend it unless you are looking for a completely disposable piece of furniture.Almost worth it.
Although the packaging was intact, the product was damaged upon opening the box. The large particle board section used to hold up the mattress was cracked, rendering the bed frame unusable because of structural integrity issues. I returned it. The frustrating part of this is that due to the weight of the box, each piece of the bed was carried upstairs separately and then carried back down again to return the damaged product to my no-so-local-to-me Walmart. I built my own DIY bed frame.

Interestingly, I received another (non-Walmart product) the same week where a fork lift had pierced the box, creating entry and exit wounds. I must be an unlucky consumer or maybe the large stores who ship freight should review best practices of their shipping partners. I'm not a satisfied customer, and it may not be Walmart's fault. I've observed here and other instances that best shipping practices do not meet expectations (no damage).The large particle board section was damaged.
The setup wasnt difficult, but our screw holes were very off centered. The apperance looks very cheap. It's pretty low to the ground.

It's basically like building a box and laying wood on top that you have to place your mattress on.

I guess you get what you pay for.

If it wasn't so annoying to take back apart and put back in the box, I would have returned it.

I am very disappointed.I hate it.
The package is heavy and oversized. That is fine. Lot's of items are heavy and oversized, and this is a bed after all.

However, upon bringing it home and opening the box, the long particle board standing on top appears to be completely cracked in half, rendering this whole unit useless. Now I have to take this gargantuan item back to the store for a return. But no way am I waiting for another one to arrive with the possibility of it being broken.

Cheap.Dissatisfied
A short smallish stylish bed with quality. It is heavy and a big box but easy to assemble. Great product for the price. I highly recommend.A very inexpensive bed with a stylish look
Overall I was very satisfied with this bed. Fiance and I could not afford a bed at a furniture store so we wanted to try out a bed from Wal-Mart. Loved the pictures on the site. We also bought a memory foam mattress that was the equivalent size. It is EXTREMELY comfortable. Used Site to Store to get it delivered for free. It will not fit in your car. We did not have a truck so we had to rent a UHAUL and move it yourself into the house. I would advise you to have a man to help you move it, the box is long and heavy.

My main issues is that the bed is made of cheap material, you do have to be careful black finish, the instructions are not 100% realistic, have some extra nails and screws on hand. Expect to spend a few hours trying to put it together initially. Other than that, the bed has held up quite well. My fiance and I weigh about 400 lbs together and there are no issues with this bed and the mattress we bought.

We have moved since we bought. You will have to take it apart in order to move it because it is extremely heavy and delicate trying to move it all at once. Putting it back together took less than an hour.

Overall, yes this is a CHEAP bed, but if you take care of it, it is great until you can afford something made out of better quality material. Then again, we like this bed so much that unless something weird happens, I don't see us buying a new bed anytime soon. Plus it is very stylish and modern.Great Starter Bed, some complaints
It was time to update my 12yr old son's bedroom and he wanted a platform bed. We didn't want to spend a lot of money on a bed so when I found this one I decided to give it a try. I actually put the bed together by myself while the kids were at school and my husband was at work (approx. 1.5 - 2 hours). Although I was able to do it by myself, it would probably be better to have a second pair of hands helping you with this. Some pieces of the bed are heavy, but putting the bed together was fairly simple; the hardest part was putting the three trim pieces on (that's really where a second set of hands will come in handy). I did use an electric drill, you just have to be careful because the pieces are not made of wood so if you drill too hard or fast, you can split the board and the screws will be loose. Also, previous reviewers are correct, the boards that the mattress sits on are not painted black, but my son's comforter set covers it so you don't see it anyway, but if it's an issue for you a little black spray paint is an easy fix. Overall I'm happy with this purchase and my son loves his new bed.Good bed for the price
I put this together BY MYSELF, so it doesn't technically require two people.
Only thing I'd note to someone else is make note of -how many- and -where- the holes are, and use the pictures.

I love how there's just enough room at the end to fit my shoes...
Your FedEx driver may refuse to carry this to your door because it is so dang heavy, and claim you "moved." But oh well. I was able to load it into my car from the FedEx Office location and then carry it to my place piece by piece ...Great platform bedframe.
I purchased this for my mother for a Christmas gift. The pieces did not match up had to use a saw to get it to fit. There is a gap that will not match up. My mother was disappointed with her present. Generally everything I purchase is of excellent quality but this was not.disappointed with item
This product is very poorly constructed!!! The paperwork indicated that all parts were labeled but this was not the case on over half of them. And the two side white borads were actually broke in half inside the box on delivery. I could have save myself about $50.00 by making something comparable by hand!!!!!VERY DISPLEASED!!!!!
I purchased this platform because I believed the black exterior would be attractive compared to an all metal frame/platform I was also looking at. The metal unit is grey and I thought I would have to paint it for it to blend into the bedroom. I did not realize what I traded. Color for quality. The platform arrived by FedEx as promised, on time. However I didn't see anywhere in it's description that none of it is wood. It's press-board! I put it together using the instructions which also were OK. My fear is that there was no weight limitations or recommendations and I'm worried it could fall apart that it's held together by plastic dowel pins and screws. I added a little wood glue, so now it becomes a waiting game if it holds up or not?
The bed is for a guest room so the waiting could take some time.Cheap
I searched all over the internet for an inexpensive and simple platform bed, and this one fit the bill. Wal-Mart had the cheapest price, and it was available on a lot of sites. It came on time, assembled easily (we've done lots of furniture that has to be put together), looks nice! We're quite satisfied w/ it!Works just fine!
The product is a very lovely product. It was fairly easy to assemble. I d recommend using a drill for the screws in order to get them tight. The appearence of the bed is lovely. I am very pleases with the product. It is a good alternative to a more expensive bed frame.a good alternative
Good value for the money. Not so hard to assemble. Get a power screwdriver. Wish the pieces were labeled better. Hard to tell what is top and bottom and caused assembly to take longer than it should have. Instructions are not good, but even a novice like me figured it out! Looks great! It recommends 2 people, but I put it together by myself. Not too bad.Great value
takes 2 people to make it easy and it makes a room look expensive w/ out taking up much more room than your bed!love this so much!
Overall VERY easy to assemble. I am a pretty average do-it-yourselfer and I put it together in about two hours (including putting the mattress on). To do the trim part either have clamps on hand or definately have someone else there to help. It looks great and very supportive if you're worried about no box spring.Great buy
I was skeptical about ordering this bed from walmart. For the price I thought it would look cheap but it did not. I put it together myself and I was surprised how heavy this bed is. I love this bed and I am very happy with my purchase. Only regret is that I did not order it earlier as planned.Great bed for the price
Instructions were easy to follow. One problem I encountered was a board that wasn't predrilled. Fortunately I have the tools to drill holes, so that was overcome easily. However, without those tools it would've been much harder to assemble.Good for the price
Didn't know what to expect after I opened it and seeing most of it is made of pressed board but after being put together it's very sturdy and looks nice. It's not to short or tall and matches just about anything you want to do to a room. I would recommend this to someone else. Great product.Sturdy and looks nice
easy assembly, finished product looks good. happy with purchase.Great bed for the low cost
This was a great buy for the money. The molding on the edges is a nice touch. I wasn't expecting anything fancy, just wanted something new and different than what I had. This is just right for my purposes. Got the matching headboard and its beautiful!Love it!
This product was very easy to assemble until it came to putting the molding on the edge of the bed. The instructions said that all you would need is a hammer and screw driver...they lied. I guess it is possible but it would be very hard. We eventually just bought a bottle of wood glue and put it together with that. Overall though it was very easy to put together and so far hasn't fell apart.A little more diffucult to assemble than i thought
the bed looks great after you put it together. however we put ours together using only a screwdriver, it would be a lot faster with a drill. the molding on the bed is very hard to screw in, save your self time and energy and make sure you have a drill handy for this part. you also need TWO people to put this together because of the weight of the boards.NICE BED
I put the bed together in about 1.5 - 2hrs by myself (with just a screwdriver). What took the longest was putting all the boards flat across where you rest on because the directions were wrong so I had to rescrew some things (it had you use a piece of wood it came with to measure, but it was WAY off using it).

The middle of one of the sides is kinda loose since all you do is snap it in, so when we moved the bed, it popped off in that section. Also, the beveled edges seem kind of weak, so make sure not to stand on it.

Overall, it looks nice. We got the matching headboard with this. There's no wobbles, or creaks, or noises when you move on it, so it seems stable.You sleep on it...
As with most other Walmart products, this is good value for money especlly for someone who is looking for something simple (read "cheap")...I have a 10" foam mattress and was looking for a simple platform bed to place it on...I did consider buying from IKEA, but the slatted design of most platform beds in there, would not meet my needs...The price of this bed is comparable to its Amazon price, but then Amazon does not have free shipping on this one... With the convenient siteto-store shipping policy of Walmart, I saved a few bucks on shipping there... P.S: package is quite heavy and would easily require 2 strong people (or 3 average-built persons) to move around.. Assembly is simplistic (well described pictorially as well) if you just stick to the instruction manual that comes along with the bed. All-in-All.. a good buy !!Good Value for Money
Great product, looks fine, however it is different than pictured, seems to hang over the base a little more than pictured and the front part of the bed extends to help support that overhang which is also not seen in the picture, no big deal though. Need some common sense when putting it together, the instructions are helpful- however the directions could be more detailed in areas, and a power drill on a low setting will help 115%.Platform bed
This is a great looking and functional bed. You certainly can't beat the price. Since we only had a mattress and no box spring, it worked out perfectly. I would agree with one of the reviewers. Don't go picking this up from the store without any help. The box is very heavy. BTW, you will probably need to unpack it before bringing it into the house. It is just too bulky and too heavy to handle.Great bed/Great price.
My husband and I purchased this bed online a few weeks ago. We are very happy with our purchase! The box it came in is VERY heavy. We had to take each piece upstairs individually, rather than take the entire box up. I agree with what many others have said, take the time to read the instructions, set the pieces out ahead of time-I wrote the piece #s on them in sharpie so we would be absolutely sure. And this does work best with two people and a drill. We did have a small issue towards the end, attaching the molding pieces with a drill when the bed is already put together, but we propped it up on some chairs and that took care of it. It is a little big larger than a queen size bed, so we do have a little extra room, if we decided to try a bigger mattress. My husband and I are very pleased with the end result, and we weren't ready to kill each other by the end of assembly, which only took about an hour and a half!Great bed for the price!
Very solid when assembled properly. Great value.Easy to Assemble
I was looking for a cheap platform bed since I was not wanting to purchase both a metal bed frame AND a box spring top mattress. Turns out that this bed frame turned out to be both cheap and elegant. It was exactly what I was looking for. When it was delivered a week after purchasing it, the box was around maybe 6-7ft tall, so you will need help moving it around. The instructions that came with it were not too helpful, but once you got the main picture of it, it was easy. The frame is elegant and the color is too. It keeps my mattress about half a foot off the ground. One point of advice though!!!: have someone else help you assemble this bed! Most of the wood was too heavy for just me, and the very last step of hammering on the side rails of the bed frame was VERY difficult to do, simply because trying to tilt the bed to its side to nail in the rails without giving birth right then and there was nearly impossible. In all though, its a great bed frame for an even better price. Definitely recommend.Great Cheap Platform Bed!
The platform bed is great for my guest room. Everything is good. Fast delivery. The color is a bit darker than expected. I got the bed with one item was cracked. But the replacement is sent by Southshore immediately after my phone call. Good price and service.Would recommend
Was expecting a nightmare putting together, but my daughter put it together without to many problems. the only problem we have is the part at the foot of the platform. it is screwed in all the way but board is still loose. the platform bed is a few inches wider than the mattress, so the partical board shows. this product is not very attractive. As they say you get what you pay for. But my daughter wanted this and says she likes it.My 17 yr old daughter put together
The price is the only good thing about this bed. It came to us with a few cracks in it and parts had the holes drilled in them incorrectly so that the stained pieces were hidden, probably why they included a touch up marker. You can see the particle board when the bed isn't made and it's such an eyesore.

But it was cheap and its sturdy but I wouldn't buy from that product line again. It was a good example of you get what you pay for.Should've Just Made It
You get what you pay for. Once the bed was put together (which too FOREVER) it looked fine but the process to getting there was pretty horrible. THe package was unbelievably heavy. They should let you know that ahead of time if you're ordering it for delivery. After I was able to drag it into my apt w/ the help of a friend, I noticed that at least one of the pieces were damaged. It would have been way too much of a hassle to send it back so I just kept it as is. Thankfully the damage cannot be seen now that the bed is put together. The directions were absolutely horrible. 6 large pictures and limited descriptions on how to put the bed together. What should have only taken 45min-1hr took me multiple hours. The pieces were not properly labeled and I had to guess which parts were what. It was a horrible experience. Now that it's put together it's fine. I would never order this item again though.Buyer Beware
Ok, lets start with what other are saying that I agree with. Its heavy....yes it is, it is a bed frame, instructions are hard to follow.....yea, if you don't do this sort of thing very often, you have to pay attention, and its not gonna be easy to move around after together....yup, your right, again, its a bed frame and heavy.

It is what you should expect for $140. Its simple pressboard with a few screws holding it together. If you want real wood, expect to pay $500+. I was able to put it together with very limited help from my wife, in about 20 minutes. It wasn't rocket science. It fit a standard queen just fine and once all put together was more sturdy than I expected. No it isn't going to hold together very well if you go pushing around the room. Being screws in very thin press board, they will pull out very easily.

All in all, it looks nice, again it looks like I spent $140 on it. If you want something that will hold up better, last longer, and is easy to put together, I would suggest looking somewhere other than Wal-Mart and hiring a handy man. But if you go with this, just take a minute to look over the instructions, have a extra hand around, as it does help, and best piece of advice I could give is make sure you have a small power screw driver. I have a small Ryobi power driver, its a mighty mite or something, and it made putting on the trim easy as pie.Get what you pay for, not as bad as reviews say
Here are some facts about this product,

1) it is possible that drilled hole will not match(happened in my caseue)
2) Step 6 is really difficult, P& PP strips are not having drilled holes.
3) either make marking on those when those are not connected and use drill machine to make guided hole.
4) the cart bord is really week so make make and made guided whole other wise you will end up with screw will get cut the board and come out.
5) Part Z1 is only for measurement which is not mention anywhere in document.Painful Job to assemble it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This bed was a little difficult to put together because it could not be squared up with the blocks that were provided with the bed, if you put the block near the top of the bed it threw the whole thing off to where the holes for the screws wouldn't line up over the wood pieces that they were to be screwed into & vice versa, if you put the block near the bottom, it threw the top off. So we did our best to put it together so the platform boards were flush with the top end of the bed frame base and we didn't realize until we were attaching the trim pieces that some of the screws had gone threw the wood at the bottom of the bed and messed it up. Other than that, the bed does seem sturdy & nice looking, but they need to have better instructions with it & top, bottom, etc. to make it easier to put together.Not Square
I bought this platform bed because of the good reviews it had gotten. Now I regret even considering buying this bed! Go ahead and buy it, I dare you to. Then try and move or pick a corner of the bed up without any part of the cheap particle board cracking or the screws stripping out when you just spent a half an hour lining up the boards and screwing them in. And get ready to screw in the moldings that border the frame! I got mad to the point where I just snapped the bordering in half and threw them away. But in the end it still functions the way it is supposed to do. I just hope that it stays together long enough to get the $190 I just spent on it. I would recommend you search for a more structured and solid platform bed.Buy Now, Regret Later!
This product is poorly manufactured and has to be altered to be built correctly! The appearance does not make sense at all....The picture definitely makes it bett than what it really is!Horrible!
The platform broke in half and the moulding fell off last then a month after we brought it home.Piece of junk
The predrilled holes were off, the instructions were atrocius and quality poor, other than that it was okay.Total junk
This is total junk! when we open the box there was broken pieces of wood. the screws dont line up. we put it together it took for ever then we went to move it and the whole frame broke and fell apart! Complete junk cant really believe walmart would actually sell this! very cheaply made junk weak it bowed not stable. will never buy anything from south shore again!dont buy!
The wood was not sturdy at all none of the holes matched up I had to drill my own holes to halfway put the bed together I guess you get what you pay for.Poorly built
I got this and the middle boards were broken and i had to destory the box to get in to it so there was no going back to the store i had to go to home depot and buy $20 boards to fix it and then the boarder parts didnt line up with the holes ( these are parts that came with the bed so it should have) so i had to hammer in nails. it loos so bad and looks cheap it is not worth $119 DONT BUY! be awareHORRIBLE! DONT BUY!!!!
Came in with a crack on the platform. Super heavy. Had to find someone help me to move it up and down (3rd floor). Although returned it, wasted my time. Now I have to find another bed.Not happy
I hate this product. it was easier to put to gather than the other one that i wanted for the same price but the molding that goes around the edge i and my husband bump our legs on it every night and morning and has made tons of scars on our legs from the over hange. I hate it as well as he does. I wish i went for the one with the extra storage, at least that wouldn't have over hang,HATE IT!!!
My husband loves platform beds and this was the cheapest and nicest looking one we could find ASAP. It is HEAVY! I put most of it together. The trickiest part was putting the trim on the edge on since I did it alone and it's really much simpler with two people. There were some parts I didn't understand where they went but it's nice looking, stable, and we love it.very nice
i went ahead and purchased this product. it took about an hour to assemble. nice and sturdy. everything was okay besides:

1) it would of been nice if all the holes were predrilled. for instance the edges for the bed had to be screwed manually without predrilled holes

2) there was only 3 edges. for both left and right and one for the bottom of the bed. it makes it look funny.

3) i dont know how to put this but the wood shows in plain sight. i expected it to have some sort of finish when it was put together but it didnt

but overall looks contemporary. ive gotten a cold since i got this. i think it could be the wood. i can smell the scent of the fresh wood if you know what i mean and causes me to sneeze alot. but then again it might just be me. it met my expections on the sturdiness and a little on the look. other than that i say its fine. thanks for reading.nice but has its flaws
Overall a very nice piece. I had to put it together by myself... so it was a bit heavy and hard to screw everything together with only 2 hands... 2 people would have made it easier... but still took less than 2 hours and for the price... you cant beat it.Bed molding
if you consider the price this is a decent bed , however some people may expect something super high quality, but you cant be it for the price. would definately recommend if your looking for pretty nice bed on a budget, dont buy it if your expecting the quality that a 1500.00 bed costs. funtionallity and looks are 100% for th money. ohh yea the box it comes in is pretty heavy so make sure you have some muscle around. pretty easy to put together but definatley need a short power screw driver.not bad for the money
Wow! This bed is soooo nice. I was skeptical on buying it at first because of some of the negative reviews, but I figured wth, let me try it for myself. Anyhoo.. I purchased the bed, it came before the delivery date, that was cool. When it came none of the pieces were chipped or messed up (that was one of my fears). I put the bed together with my mom and it took us about 2 hrs. The instructions were okay, easy to follow, but the finished product is unbelievable. It's sturdy, sleek, and very modern, if your considering purchasing this product, go for it!Beyond my excpectations!
First of all, it's a good bed but to assemble it was a mission! Only 2 pieces were labeled and the last part was a hassle to screw together. Good for the price but whoever made the pieces should have labeled them. I spent forever trying to figure it out.Good for the Price
Me and my boyfriend bought this and we really like it. We like the modern/contemporary style and look for its price! Assembling it is a different story...wasn't too bad, but was not that easy either. It took us probably almost 2 hours to put all the pieces together due to the semi-confusing instructions. The worst part was screwing the screws upside down to the bottom of the moldings! Looks good after the assembly, but wow were we a little worn out after the screws to the moldings! We placed our Queen 8-inch Memory Foam Mattress on top of this and then the Fiberfill Mattress Topper on top of the memory foam, and might I say...the three was a great choice/combo! Our bed feels heavenly. ;-)Looks Good!
it was difficult to put together. not sturdy when done, could not get edging on. no tool worked. i was going to buy the dresser and night stands and after seeing this product , decided against it.Not quality
While I never had high expectations for the bed in the first place, I was still let down.

The pieces were a pain to line up, the screws slip out with the slightest bit of pressure, and the molding doesn't even fit the bed properly.

The whole experiance left my husband and I swearing and frustrated. Dismantling and and hauling all the pieces back to the store is the only thing keeping us from returning the bed.

Fortunately this is just a temporary fix untill we move in December.You get what you pay for
The bed is packaged in a long narrow box which made it easy to transport. All we had to do was lower the back seats in our hatchback, stand it on the narrow side, and slide it up in between the drive and passenger on the center console. However, assembling this bed was another story. It came in a bunch of long slabs of wood. The instructions weren't very clear, and even prohibit the use of a drill to put this together. We didn't even get that far. The plastic sleeves that you're supposed to turn the screw into were WAY too small for the screw itself. No matter how hard we tried we couldn't get one screw in. Either we received a defective unit or it's just a cheap piece of garbage. We ended up giving up after two hours and had to haul it all back to Walmart to return.Impossible to Assemble
This bed gives you what you expect - I was looking for a good price, and found one; if you are paying this price for a platform bed, you can not expect the best quality wood (it looks like particle board underneath the black exterior). So it is a terrific value. Expectations are met - I did not expect it to be REAL hardwood; I bought the bed knowing this. The appearance is fine. Black exterior. Here were my issues, the drawers are tucked away nicely UNDER the bed, but to the point you have to lean pretty far UNDER to reach them. As we were putting the bed together, some screws went through the particle board quite easily (to the other side). One issue I've already had is the corners are sharp - while making the bed, I've already scratched my legs about 3-4 times when turning the corner at the end of the bed. I will have to buy plastic, corner protectors. Finally, my worry is durability. If someone plops down on the bed a bit to rough (say teenage boys), I can't help but wonder if it is going to hold up....time will tell.You get what you pay for
Flimsy, hard to move around -- feels like its going to fall apart when you sit on itpoor quality
I recieved this bed, and it was chipped, and there were missing pieces. There is a huge gap in the middle of the frame from a missing wood piece. Same thing goes for the coffee table i ordered at the same time. I will never order from Walmart online again.Broken
very retro!!!!! like the style! was a bit harder to put together and when it was together all the platforms were on the top and screwed in some of the screws got stripped....... but we made new hole to hold it together... like it over all. for the price it could be real wood.....like the style
Service for shiping to store was exelent arrived early and prompt hadno problem picking it up.
when putting bed together the instructions were simple my only problem was making sure the top was even on both sides and the edeging went on ok other than that spent may be one and a half hours putting in one piece.Exelent
I bought this item for my daughter who just moved into an apt and her queen sized box springs would not fit in her hallway. This was the perfect solution. Served the purpose, nice looking and afforadable!
G. BoiseA great value buy
With the economy going down we wanted a bedroom in a budget .We have a medium bedroom ..this bed made the room look wider ..simple is our style ,this bed was for us!
no spring box required we used a memory foam mattress for comfortable sleep .
Assembly wasn't hard ,"wasn't easy though" ..instructions were helpful and the peices were organized ...still,little measurement was needed!simple - adorable
My husband and I assembled the bed as soon as we got it home. Everything came in one long, heavy box. We did need a pickup to bring it home. Its stable, sturdy, and the perfect sized bed to open up our cape cod upstairs bedroom (with low and angled ceilings). Its stylish and unassuming. When we go to sell the house, this bed will show off the amount of space the upstairs offers.Great bed!
Love it, sturdy, looks nice, built in about an hour, super easy and did it by myself. I thought it might be cheap and fragile from some of the negative reviews I read but I can now review it and say it is very sturdy.Easily built it by myself
Easy to assemble, looks really great and works well.Nice affordable bed
i love this bed and it looks very nice

MaribelPlatform bed
This product was purchased for my daughters room they are 3 and 6. I have no complaints the girls love it. We also purchased the queen size memory foam mattress from walmart.com it is perfect for this bed. Overall this product is great, Im thinking of purchasing one for my sons room also.Platform queen bed
This bed is a great value for the money and way more comfortable than the sagging box spring model that it replaced. It's construction is very solid and it was easly to assemble. Overall, it's a great value especially at this low price.great value!
This platform bed is much better than expected. The quality of the product is great...Fits perfectly in our room and I was told it would take up to 2 weeks to receive, however, I ordered it on a Friday and picked it up on Monday...Very happy with my purchase...Awesome Platform Bed
We were unsure what to expect from this bed because it was so cheap for a memory foam bed. Although it is only 3 in of actual memory foam, the other types of foam make it nice anyway. The size of the bed is great, and we have been sleeping ALOT better on this bed.NICE BED
I have had this bed for about a year now and I would definitely recommend purchasing this bed. I have no complaints and for the money it's an amazing value.Amazing for the price
Awesome product easy to assemble....love it...and supper cheap..I saved alot of money on this purchase......Love it Love it Love it....Queen Platform
I was pleasantly surprised that it was straight forward and easy to put together. Its heavy, stage it and build. Looks nice together.Not bad to build
This is a very sturdy built base for your mattress. After searching online for an inexpensive platform bed, this is a good value for the price.Good value
Bought this queen bed for my 6 and 8 year olds in white, looks girlly and nice and low to the ground. They love their new beds and I love the price!Perfect for my 6 and 8 year old
I really enjoy my new bed and love the look of it. It goes very well in my room and has a great color and design!Amazing!
This is very basic but it serves the purpose. It looks nice. My only complaint would be the instructions. When putting on the "decking" it was a bit confusing (and i build things all the time).Basic but well worth it
Same bed frame I found every where and by the same maker, but only Walmart had the option to pick it up at the store and I saved almost three hundred dollars in shipping alone. This bed frame is super sturdy, looks awesome and saved me an additional $150 per bed (i bought 2) because I didn't have to buy box springs. I got one in black and one in brown/wood grain, both look great. Easy to put together except for the wood trim is kind of a hassle at the end. The box they come in will fit in the back of a compact if the rear seats fold down.saved a ton on shipping
While I do like this bed and think it was a good value for the price, I do have a complaint for this bed. When the bed arrived, I removed all of the pieces from the box so that I could assemble it. However, the large piece that makes up the bulk of the platform was broken. I was still able to put the bed together and place my mattress on it but it worried me that the platform underneath it is in 2 pieces.Okay for the price
Took my friend, Chris and I almost an hour to assemble the bed. The hardest part was putting on the moldings were the hardest. I couldn't even do one...good thing Chris was here, he did it in no time!
I love this bed, it exceeds what I expected and for a bed that is not made of the best materials, it sure serves it's purpose very well!!!Way Happy!
It took my husband about an hour to assemble the product. The instructions were really lacking, and kind of hard to understand, but if you use common sense, it will go pretty easily. He said if they included just one color picture, it would make life easy.

It was a quick install, all parts were there and it's a very solid piece of furniture. It looks great in our bedroom.very nice piece-looks great
this was very simple to put together. very sturdy and looks great! well worth the price.love it
The assembly requires 2-3 people, the finished product is beautiful. The only "complaint" we have is that the bed lays on boards which hang over the base, so the trim on the bed has very sharp corners...VERY SHARP but after cutting some black adhesive foam and covering them the bed is perfectGreat Product
Arrived quickly, easy to put together.Great value
This bed is excellent. On the heavy side. Was somewhat easy to put together. And the outcome was really good. At last we could exchange our box spring for a good night sleep.Excellent
I purchased this bed to get off a futon. It will take two heads, it just makes it easier with the lining up of the boards. You don't absolutely need a power tool but it would be much easier if you have one. All the drilling will be with nail screws and you will have to drill into the wood. After it was put together it was sturdy. There is a little extra space on the side where the mattress goes but its ok if you put a skirt you can hardly tell. The instructions are kind of a pain in the butt. They get you there but not without a couple of obstacles. Over all the price I paid I think I got a good enough bed to last me a while.Good buy for an Adult
i had been looking for a good priced basic platform bed for a while. this got my mattresses off the floor and its right, you really dont need the box spring. of course i use mine because i paid alot of money for it a year ago and dont have anywhere to put it. the bed is simple to put together, and trust me PAY ATTENTION TO THE PICTURES!! if not, you'll do like i did and have to do things twice. in the end its worth the money and yes the boards are a little cumbersome, i have teenage boys to help take it up the stairs, if you dont, then take one board at a time. enjoy!!completed the room
Heavy and hard to move up stairs. But very nice when all is said and done.Nice
When we opened the box i was overwhelmed at the pieces, and hoping all harware was there. Then I read the instructions, easy. Took less than an hour to assemble. All harware was there with a few extras. The bed is beautiful and very strudy. I would highly recommend this bed. And you don't need a boxspring!Nice price, look and easy to assemble.
I needed a platform bed for my sons room as he only had the mattress since we moved and could not take the old platform out of our old room. This platform was easy to build, I'm a female and I did it myself. it's sturdy and I like what I paid for.Just what I was looking for.
I'm a 6'4" 240lb guy and it's very sturdy and very easy to put togetherGreat, sturdy bed at a good price
Went together very easy. Looks Great. Love it!Saved me a lot of money plus free shipping!
I bought this bed for my son who has many cats, one that likes to go under his bed. This platform bed sits squarely on the floor so nothing can get underneath. This bed was easy to assemble and you can use it with the box spring and mattress or just the mattress. It all depends on the height you like the bed to be. My son loves his bed. The bed also comes with a 5 year warranty.Great platform bed for anyone.
it's cheap and excellentperfect for my bedroom
This bed was everything I wanted. So many people kept talking about how the pieces and pre drilled holes don't line up and that's because they don't have the pieces turned the right way. My dad and boyfriend put my bed together in less then an hour! It's very sturdy and looks great. I love it!Great Value
What can I say, it's a bed platform. It'll lift your mattress off the ground, it almost takes the same amount of time and materials as banging together a Wild West coffin. Its a time consuming build with somewhat poorly drawn/written instructions but by keeping your cool its doable. Very sturdy and looks smart with the right comforter on your bed. No creaking or loose joints like other budget products. If you're looking to spend this amount and are a student, perpetual roommate, living on a tight budget... This is the thing that'll keep you from sleeping on the floor and feeling bad about yourself. Can't recommend enough.Solid
This is absolutely perfect! Easy set up.best ever
I'll be honest, the reviews I read had me a little weary of purchasing this bed. I was afraid it was cheaply made and would be a pain to put together and stay together. But I'm very happy that I purchased it!

The bed wasn't that difficult to put together. Two of us had it done in about a half hour. The instructions are diagrams and not hard to follow. Walmart shipped it via FedEx and it arrived in 3 days. No pieces were damaged in shipment. It is a very large package weighing 130 lbs, so I recommend having it shipped to your house instead of the store and that someone is there to help you get it in the house.

Bottom line, for the price this is a great bed frame and it looks very nice. It is made out of compressed board, (I'm not sure what others reviewing were expecting for the price), but the bed is very solid once put together.Great Bed For The Price
I wasn't expecting to get the value I got with this bed base. It looks great and works better than the steel frames. It Want that difficult to put together, but it does take about 30-45 min.Great value!!
Okay, to start off I want to say that I almost did not buy this bed because of all of the negative reviews. Holy cow am I so glad I didn't listen to them and I bought it anyway! I seriously adore it and it was crazy cheap so you can't beat that!

Before I tell you about constructing the bed, let me tell you about me. I am a 5 foot nothing 22 year old girl that is not in the least bit ripped or anything. However, in my defense my dad did teach me how to use a drill so.... there's that.

Anyway, the package was not damaged at all and the organization of the pieces was fantastic. First things first, I organized all of the boards (9 bigger boards, 5 trim parts) and made sure the package included enough screws and such. Each board was stamped on the non-finished side with the name of the part (such as M, P, P2, ect) which is how to identify it from the instructions.

Then I read/looked at the directions. I won't lie, they're mostly pictures, BUT it is not hard to figure it out. Everything looks EXACTLY like the picture. Don't try to put it together in a different order then what it suggests though, you'll end up hating yourself for making it difficult.

Okay, so then I set up the base of the platform by using stud things (the heck if I know what they're really called, pegs maybe??) and screws. Everything, and I mean every single hole, lined up perfectly unlike what other reviews said. Maybe they just used the wrong part or put it backwards? Idk. After the base, I put on the top boards and trims and TA-DAH, it was done.

Now, I did this ENTIRE bed myself. I didn't use a screwdriver, but a regular non-fancy drill and it took me MAYBE an hour. Probably less. Yes, it is super heavy so I had to get help to put in in the room I wanted it in, but once it was in there it was all me. Just be careful. Obviously it's not super hard, grade A wood so if you bang it around it will chip. Mine didn't though, but I was also really careful.

So, my review? I adore this bed. It was crazy easy to put together, once I tightened all my screws it doesn't wiggle at all, the trim edges keep the bed in place super well, and it looks fantastic.

*Side Note* I chose to put a box spring AND mattress on this and it still works awesome, I just wanted a taller bed. I have a queen and it fits with maybe a half and inch of wiggle room around the edges.

So, don't let the bad reviews ruin this great deal for you. If you take the time to organize your materials before hand and really look at the pictures, it will be a breeze to put together and be a great addition to your home!Prepare for a detailed, POSITIVE, review!
Everyone complaining about the bed breaking probably did a terrible job building it. Instructions were mainly just pictures with no descriptions, but wasn't hard to figure out. Packaging was slightly damaged when I received it, but all the boards were fine. I did notice a smell coming from the boards, but by the time I put it together, the smell was gone (1 month after receiving it). Had it put together in roughly 30 minutes with 2 other people and power tools on the lowest settings.

This bed does sit low and you will probably hit your shins on it. Not sure why people complain about it being low, when the description states it raises a mattress 10" off the ground. I have a 8" thick memory foam mattress on the bed currently. It does feel pretty firm, which is what I was looking for. A 10" mattress might be too firm. There is storage underneath the platform, but I wouldn't use it for anything that needs quick access as you'll need to remove the mattress and the 2 platform boards.

I'm currently on my second month using this bed and it's been great. Only issue I have is I keep banging my shins up against it. Other than that, I would buy this again and recommend it to others.Great Value!
This bed is very easy to put together and it's a nice fit to my room. I love it.Love it!
Was actually easy to put together and doesn't take up a lot of spaceLove it!
Easy to assemble good quality, works well, looks good.Platform bed
Good Product. Plan on taking a few minutes to put it together. Definately not a snap and go. Getting the screws in the bottom is a real task.Platform Bed
Simple frame - easy to build. Looks decent enough for a teenagers roomEasy
I purchased this bed 3 weeks ago. I like it very much! the only problem is that I have kids and the edges are a little dangerous for any toddler running around in the bedroom. Besides that, I got the European look I've wanted for a great price :)Great Price!
The platform bed was easy to put together, the rails are very hard to attach to the bed if you do not have a power drill but the rest of the bed can be put together with screwdriver. The bed is very sturdy.It's Okay for the price
The bed looks nice, and now that it has been put together, we have had no complaints so far. It's a pretty good deal for the money, and my husband said that it only took about an hour and a half to put it together. However, his only complaint is that the way the directions read call for some of the screws to be placed in awkward positions.Decent product, complicated instructions
This bed is perfect for my husband and I. We picked it up at our nearest walmart and put it together the same day. It only took an hour with the two of us. I recommend using a drill and having another person handy. The only problem was a broken piece. We used some wood glue and you can't even notice it!! Great bed for the price!Pretty hot deal
it's amazing that the cheapest bed is still $145 and all you get is fiberboard!
it's definitely a basic bed, fairly easy to assemble and appears to be sturdy. packaged very well and shipped within reasonable amount of time - site to store.a little pricey for the quality
Was not very hard to put together. All parts and pieces were present and it went together in about 30 minutes with two people assisting.A decent product
I like the look of the bed and it works great for my 8 yr old daughter. It is great for the price.Nice bed for price!
Nice bed...directions are a little on the non descriptive side...but was able to figure it out...was definately worth the priceNice bed for the price
Great product. Instructions good and easy to assemble. Some of the pre-drilled holes were not in the correct place, but they were on the board that faced a wall so we did not mind.Simple Bed
This platform bed is everything I was expecting. The set up was very straight forward and took approximately 45 minutes from opening the box to completion...not rushing the process at all. The fit and finish was on par with other build-it-yourself furniture. The bed seemed very sturdy after completion and looked very good as well...understated, yet very nice. I highly recommend the site-to-store shipping...the process was extremely straight forward and simple. The box is about 7 1/2 feet long and quite heavy so be prepared when go to pick it up...the Walmart Associates will assist you in getting it to your vehicle (van/truck recommended). Overall very satisfied with the purchase and the process...will use site-to-store again in the future.Simple but great platform bed!
The finished product turned out good, it was a little difficult to put together at first, definitely needed to use a drill even though the directions said not to. But this platform does what I need it to do. Pretty basic but holds my mattress well. Much cheaper than buying a new box spring. I like that its low to the ground, good for kids.Nice Platform
Very easy to assemble. Did it alone but would of been easier with another person. Instructions need more pictures for people like me. Will buy another one for my daughter's room soon.Nice looking bed
I ordered this product mainly because it did not require any box-spring or base. One of the wooden piece was slightly damaged. But was still usable. So instead of taking the heavy package back to Walmart, I managed to put it together without any noticeable difference to the bed since that part went underneath the mattress.
The package is considerably heavy and took 3 people to get it inside my apartment on 2nd floor.
It took about 1.5 hrs to put all the parts together. Although the manual says no tools are necessary, my cordless drill machine made it easy to fix all the screws. There were a lot of screws to fit.
But when the bed assembled, it was really nice. Its the best value for money. It is steady and doesn't make any queaky or creaky noises.
Overall I liked the bed.Value for Money
over all the unit is pretty good. if you have to move you must disassemble the unit or the screws will pull out of the press board. with some anchors the unit would be more stable. it firmed up my old mattress so as far as that goes it is better.a moderate buy
Worth for the money and effort, sure needs another person's help to assemble. Easy to put together. Wonderful product will recommend to anyone looking for money and value.Worth the Money and effort
The directions are not great- not labeled very well. But my husband is awesome at putting things together so it took us about 2 hours. It's very low to the ground so you definitely need a boxspring under the mattress. But for the price, it's a good deal.nice for the price
this is third unit like this purchased by myself for the family. looks nice......fairly easy assembly with cordless screwdriverthird unit purchased for family
Meets the bill for a good, basic platform bed. You can't beat the price, but the unit is exceedingly heavy (even the delivery driver had a hard time) and awkward to assemble - one person can do this, but two would be helpful.good product - VERY heavy
I got this queen size platform bed in color Cocoa to replace my full size. It looks great, instructions are easy to understand, and it wasn't too terrible to put together. Downsides are that it comes in a box that weighs at least 100 pounds, so watch it around young children, and make sure you have help bringing it inside. Also the holes do not line up with the coordinating full/queen sized headboard for some reason, so I don't have it attached anymore.Decent platform for price.
This bed was a bit difficult to put together, mainly because it's VERY heavy. The corners are sharp but as long as you have a comforter hanging down you should be fine. Overall this bed is simple clean and nice for the price.Nice for the Price
Nice, made well, easy to assemble, but get a friend to help. Only negative is the black paint does cover the top edges where the molding gets attached. The assembly photo is not clear as to the direction the molding should be attached,South Shore Platform Bed
Was looking for an inexpensive bed for the guest room, and found this one on Wal-Mart.com, great price and free shipping made it even better. Was not home when Fed-Ex arrived with it, and was not prepared for the weight of the box, but managed to drag it inside the garage. Carried it into the house a piece at a time, everything was in the box, and no damage. Here I caution everyone, READ THE INSTRUCTIONS! I am one of those people who look at the instructions only to be sure I am headed in the right direction, so after several starts and stops, I did STOP and read the instructions, got the base together, finally. Then decided I needed to move it, well one touch and down it came. So on the 6th time erecting the base, it was in the right location and I was ready to place the platform boards. GET A POWERED SCREWDRIVER!!!
Mine ran out of juice halfway through! But hey only about 70 more screws how hard could that be? Again the instructions! I would have known that there were about 150 more screws if I had read them all the way through! AND I would have waited for the powered screw drive to charge, but I barrelled through, and after the platform was set and screwed into place, I realized that the edges/trim also had to be installed, more screws. Needless to say, the trim pieces do not have predrilled holes, and they are attached from under the platform, so you are only working in a 16" space, again the cordless screwdriver would have been much easier! It is installed, the queen pillowtop fits perfectly, really like the look, and it was worth the effort!
My suggestion: Get two cordless screwdrivers fully charged before you start, read all instructions, and you will be finished in no time!Great Bed for the money
After reading many reviews, I found this bed frame to be exactly what I expected. My dad put it together and had to drill some of his own holes, and yes the bed frame is very heavy and extends beyond a queen size mattress. I like how sleek and modern the frame looks. Very basic...exactly what I was looking for! I purchased this bed frame because my cat likes to hide under my bed with a normal metal bed frame. The ledge extends beyond the lifting platform, which looks very nice. I would purchase it again for sure.Exactly What I Expected
Bed was not as difficult as some reviewers said to put together. The instructions leave something to be desired, but if you're reasonably clever it's not that difficult. One word of caution: this bed is HEAVY when it is put together, and you cannot lift it by the platform without loosening the screws holding it onto the base. Make sure you assemble it in roughly the same spot -- and certainly in the same room -- where you intend it to stay.Good bed for the price
I recently moved for a new job and I didn't wanted to spend much on a bed so it was a great purchase. I have a cotton-foam futon mattress which goes well with this bed. I bought a queen size bed even though my mattress is full size, still it works fine for me. No complains. Assembling was also easy but time consuming. Need 2 people atleast.Good bed at a low price
The South Shore Basics Queen Platform Bed with molding in Chocolate is a very pretty bed and I would recommend it to anyone but we have a problem with the shipment which I will contact Customer service about.Beautiful bed
Assembles in about 1/2 an hour. It says it takes 2 people to put together but I did it by myself. Looks nice and is perfect for beds that need a platform like Sleep Number mattresses. Sleep Number wants $300 for their platform - this one is under $120 delivered.Good value
This is my first bed set which i purchased a mattress from sears and took the Platform bed from Walmart which does not required spring box. This product is having very good quality and good weight. you have to set it up and assemble it the way you wanted and the way you are going to use it after assemble. once assemble is done, it is tooo weight to move. It doesn't come with head board hence i gave 4 * rest is fine and i will recommend this to others. NOTE: SHIP IT TO HOME else YOU NEED 2-3 PEOPLE TO BRING IT TO HOMEGood product.
This is 128 lbs - so be prepared to open the box in the car and carry it in piecemeal! Overall it works well - we've used it for a couple weeks now - easy to put together but be VERY CAREFUL when installing the last 3 pieces (the black edge finishing pieces) if you don't line them up exactly then you'll see particleboard. :(Heavy but works well
Simple assembly, a power drill makes it easier but it's not required.
Good bed for the price. Great for a guest room or child's room.Inexpensive bed with a good look.
I've only had the platform a little over a week. So I can really only comment on the product's price and assembly.

Price: It's a platform of pressed wood that raises the mattress off the floor. For what it is I could not find anything new/used at a better price than what I found here.

Assembly: The wood is potentially very damageable and the package it is delivered in is really heavy. I carried mine in the door by myself (not recommended) and there were a few little minor blemishes on the wood's edges when putting it together (nothing substantial). The thing has about 30 screws. I used a hand screwdriver and it took me quite awhile. I would recommend a power drill for assembly. With one it should only take 30mins or less to put together.Basic Mattress Platform
My son and husband build it and it wasn't to bad. Is strong and it looks very nice with the rest of the furniture.My son loves it
I am liking it, its working very good. I was having spring mattress with box spring on a metal frame earlier and now replaced that set with this cot. It gives good look to the bed room as well. Its setup was easy too if we consider below things.

1. I expect a soft cushion to attach to the sharp edges so that accidentally if we hit side edge while walking, it wont hurt.
2. I thought, last two steps of arranging the both the sides should be completed at starting in whole setup instead of doing at last. If we do last, the we end up screwing pins from bottom to top which is very hard job.
3. I wish there would be easier steps and more explanatory setup manual.Excellent, worth value for the price
Looks pretty much just how I imagined it and how the image looked online. Read all the reviews with people whining about the assembly and directions and I expected the worst (I've had bad assemble-it-yourself experiences in the past) but the people complaining were clearly idiots or just not paying attention... Assembly wasn't bad at all. Had the whole thing together in about an hour. The side runners on top of the platform are the only part that seems to be poorly designed (the reason I left off a star) - mine had no pre-made screw holes so you really gotta work to get them fastened on. Other than that, the bed is surprisingly solid, looks stylish, and is so much cheaper than any other options I saw like this. Plus the shipping was quick and free for in-store pickup! Most importantly, the ladies love it!Love it.
The foundation to this bed is well thought out and well put together. Unfortunately the decorative trim was not as well thought out and therefore the corners look tacky (See photos.) Overall a pretty good value.You get what you pay for...
I read the other reviews on this product and I decided to buy it anyways because of the price (as I am recent college graduate and short on funds). The directions that came with the bed were confusing, but because I had read the reviews I was prepared. It definitally takes two people to put it together. After it was all said and done, the bed looks good. I would suggest scheduling 1-2 hours to put the bed together. All in all not bad for the price paid.Good for starting out
This product literally weighed a ton!!! The instructions were not clear and it took me from 3pm to nearly 9pm to complete the set-up of the bed, granted I did assemble alone.

I went and bought shelved items from IKEA, and to keep cost down IKEA partically has you cut the wood yourself abd then assemble, this platform bed was 1000 times more challanging. O feel like my wrist and hands are going to fall off from the billion screws I had to manually screw it.

The bed looks ok, but i would have much rathered spent the money for an item atleast pattially assembled.The most difficult item 2 assemble WORST than IKEA
The picture looks better. Top wood is unfinished and the smell of the wood seems to last forever. It is easy to assemble, but on the heavy side. The price is reasonable. The only reason I bought this bed was because of its height, otherwise, I would have bought the metal frame.Not what I expected
Took a long time to assemble. Not exactly easy to put together. Instructions were lacking some details for layout. No pre-drilled holes for molding. Molding seems to go on backwards (again no detailed instructions). Two boards were different color finish, but I had to call customer service to find out they do that all the time on the pieces that won't show (would have been nice if that were in the instructions somewhere). Once assembled (HOURS later) the bed looked great. I just have to get used to how low to the floor it is.South Shore Platform Bed
you get what you pay for. Pretty much just 8-10 pieces of flat wood screwed together. It does the job and works well. Not great looking but good for the money.very basic
easy to put together. flat platform is nice.

appearence is ok. corners remain exposed any body can easily get hurt with those.

main platform is not as shown in picture. it doesnt have any finishing. its disappointing.

overall good for the price it comes with.Not bad
well, I just finished assembling the bed together, which took less than 2hrs. I thought assembly for this bed was not bad. The only problem that I encountered was the x3 lips (not sure what the technical name) not having been predrilled with holes. lastly, its a heavy package to get up 2 flights of stairs. Next time, I will leave it to the UP's man.unsure
Be prepared for quite a bit of assembly. And at 135 pounds, get some help if you need to move it around. Box is quite long so you will need an suv or truck to pick it up.
Looks great when done, though. Worth the low price.Meets Expectations
Look at similar platform frames on multiple sites and this frame was cheapest although it isn't overly beautiful. Seems like solid construction...took about 3 hours to put together by myself.Good for the price
The bed is fairly easy to set up and should not require much more than a screwdriver. However, I had to finish some of the fabracation such as drilling holes that should have been there. It is only contructed of partical board, a few plastic pegs and caps and a hand full of wood screws. I could go to the lumber store and pick up 3 sheets of 1/2 inch particle board and a handfull of screws - take it home and snap a few lines - make a few cuts and screw it together in the same lenght of time it takes to set it up from the box. And I would virtually have the same quality. To my notion - it works fine but it is simply over priced!A Little Over-priced
I wanted an inexpensive platform for a memory foam mattress that I was putting in my extra bedroom. This is an attractive, inexpensive platform. Dont expect to put it together yourself if you are not experienced in doing this sort of thing. I had my handyman put it together. When it was assembled, I noticed that the whole top layer is only particle board and not nearly substantial enough for two big people and a heavy Tempurpedic queen sized mattress. I decided to buy two sheets of 3/4 in plywood and have them cut to fit to lay on top. Then the guy attached the edge to the plywood, not the particle board. Its VERY solid now and fits the mattress well, and it looks very nice. If you were going to put a regular mattress and box springs on it, I think it would be just fine.Good platform for the money
So I got this bed about two years ago and I like to move my room arrangement around, but anyways the bottom half of the bed is starting to break away from the rest of the bed. Also throughout its use it started to be very loud even when I was just turning to sleep another way. It was doing well at the beginning and was super nice and stylist but yeah two years and its done. So I am now purchasing just a typical box spring from somewhere else.Eh.
low and keeps hitting leg when walking around it. nice and hard platform to place mattress n sleeplooks good but a bit low
AFTER WE GOT IT PUT TOGETHER IT LOOKED GREAT, BUT IT TOOK ME 2 DAYSHARD TO PUT TOGETHER
While we were eventually able to put it together, the holes were not drilled in the proper places which made it WAY more time consuming to assemble. It looks alright, was very inexpensive and seems to be holding up pretty well. We have a queen bed and there is about an inch or two of space all around the bed where the particle board shows, but it is easily remedied by either painting the space black or using a sheet/blanket to hide it. I like the height of the bed and the color (black). Whatever factory makes the pieces should be ashamed of themselves considering about half of the pre-drilled holes did not line up.Holes were not drilled correctly, looks ok.
The product is a very basic platform. It was very heavy due to the full length particle board base so picking it up and getting it in the house was a challenge. Putting it together was moderately difficult but not impossible by any means. The only problem I had is the trim pieces which aren't mitered to fit together smoothly. To install them requires turning the completed base up-end and screwing them on from underneath. I couldn't do that, so I just left them off. Once together the base is solid and should last for a good long time.Very Basic Platform
The beds great however it is pretty short. Read the measurements before buying.Great bed but...
mine was build pretty bad the holes were not where they should be...some weren't drilled at all. nothing you cant deal with if you have a drill. wood was heavy good quality. I like it all and all...decent for price
This bed did not go together smooth. Holes were mis aligned so you end up going thru the side of the wood, the biggest issue is that the top rails are not pre-drilled and the screws strip out real easy, Have a drill bit and better screws for the whole job. I will say most of the heads of the screws stripped out way before seating. And you better have two people to life the box. I am a pretty strong guy but had a heck of a time moving this box. The bed is all pressboard so very heavy. I would not buy this particular item again. I would spend more money and get a quality platform bed.Better have a drill and your own wood screws
I bought this bed for a 13 year old whose previous bed met its untimely demise a few sleepovers ago. With the price being low, this is a fair piece of furniture and will do for now as we go through several more teenage boy years. A few notes: it is very low to the ground. It is approximately the same height once you put your mattress on it, as if you have your mattress and box springs sitting directly on the floor. NEXT, and this is important: You better have some muscles set up to help you handle the assembly and setting up of this bed. The box it arrives in is HEAVY!! The biggest pieces are super heavy and awkward to get going at first. One major hassle was the fact that the instructions explicitly said NO DRILL. There was even a little picture of a drill with a slash across it. They really didn't want us drilling those nails in....and there were a hundred nails! Not really a hundred, but maybe close to 40-50 when it was all said and done. The hardest one were the nails to secure the flat bed surface into the frame and cross beams. There weren't any guiding holes in the frame or cross beams. Also, the molding had to be screwed in from the bottom up and it was very awkward positioning, plus someone had to hold down the molding while another person muscled in those screws with no drill. After it was finally finished, it was secure however once we placed the mattress on the platform and made it up, the Queen size mattress seemed significantly smaller than the actual platform area. So there are places in the corners and sides where the unfinished blank wood of the platform area shows. I would recommend this to a friend who is capable of heavy lifting and awkward assembly without a drill.HARD WORK! OK for now...
It keeps my mattress off the ground. It took a while to assemble but was not complicated or especially difficult. There ends the virtues of this bed. The fake wood finish is really just an ugly solid brown, and not even all edges have the veneer. My mattress is raised no higher than a boxspring would get it. Worst, I keep skinning my legs on the corners and other exposed, sharp edges. Given look and function of this, just buy a boxspring and cover it with a bedskirt.rather get a boxspring
directions were not clear on putting it together...not good
After clearing our room out before taking it out of box, it did not have ANY hardware. Contacted company (good customer service) said it would take up to a week to get hardware. So had to go buy the hardware. Not the greatest quality but I guess it's ok for the price. It looks very nice though. Next time I would spend more money & get a better quality one.You get what you pay for
Will never purchase this bed again!!!!!!!! Its a pain to put togetherBiggest Disappointment
the directions for this product are terrible even if you follow them to the letter it still does not come together it took me three hours to get it together and I am just hioping that it will hold out I will defenitly never buy this product againImpossible to put together
On the under slats, there are no way to hook them to the sides for support. I was disappointed.The side rails are very hard to put on, no notchs
Very cheap, will not be able to ever move it or reassemble as it ships from the factory. I reinforced it and added 2x6's to the top to get to a decent height. I'm only 30, but unless your a kid/college student this thing is ridiculously low to the floor even with a very thick memory foam mattress. If you use some scrap wood to reinforce it, its decent, but for the money I was disappointed.If it wasn't so heavy I'd return it....
So the directions are very hard to figure out - the whole thing done with pictures and no verbal instructions. The molding is invisible once you put the mattress on... but thats ok because the whole platform dissapears - it does not look like the photo taken at such an angle that humans would be looking. When walking into the room - it looks like your mattress is floating.
Was it worth what i paid..... yes. :)I can't see it !
Ok its wasn't as hard to put it together like some people said but it was a nightmare n u do need a man's assurance .... A lot of the screws didn't have the holes to put them in so we had to force them in .... The bed doesn't look as nice as the pic ....wish i would of went to IKEA but i do not have a truck n this bed came with free shipping .... What I do like about it is that it has a base so u don't have to buy one ... But if u want a bed i recommend a different one lolwould not recommand
When I first got it the head and foot piece was missing. I had to call the company and let them know after that it took 14 days before I got the pieces that was missing. When I finally got all the pieces it work just fine.It all right
I would recommend not go for this.. Takes time to assemble and also doesn't look so good.Not as shown on the internet
I really wish I'd gone to Ikea before making this purchase because for the price I would have done a lot better.
This platform bed looks decent enough and is quite steady and pretty straight forward to assemble.
However, it's heavy once assembled and if I ever decide to move I'll likely toss it as it can't be quickly taken apart and put back together.
And for the same price I could have gotten a much nicer looking one from Ikea with a headboard as well as a slatted bed base that's curved to have a spring effect.decent but not great
This bed was a pain to put together. 'The holes don't match anywhere. I can not believe the manufacturer even sent this out like this . I had pieces broken and scratched. I will not order anything like this again.never again
I bought this item recently and was excited to recieve my order. I followed the assembly instructions to the letter and in a short time completed the assembly. I didn't like the prefabricated wood the company used because it broke very easily. The frame actually looks good when assembled, but I don't think its worth the price. I would not recommend buying this product unless you are hurting for cash and desperately need a bed. Think twice prior to purchasing, really! I do aplogize for not submitting any photos.Not Worth It!
we bought this platform bed and w/in not even 1 year it kept falling apart---fake wood does not last byt less than a yr I thought it should last longer. we bought it w/ a memory foam mattress which we love. i would not waste yr money on this bed, put it towards one that will last made of real wood.this is a horrible bed
Will not be able to move again and put back together.Served a purpose but...
was easy to assemble, but screws don't screw in all the way. i took a power drill to the screws on the side that didn't screw in all the way & the entire thing fell apart. it doesn't even look good!terrible.
First of all the product was different from what's in the picture.

Second. It wasn't Laminated finish as mentioned in the description.

Third. I've already assembled the and it's super heavy. It's going to be super hassle to dismantle it, send it back and wait for a new one. I have thrown away my old be as well.Dissapointed
The pieces do not fit squarely. no instructions in box.instructions available on this site do not match the prices in the box (more pieces in box than in instructions) although the instructions were enough to put the bed together. I was unable to attach the moulding as there was no instructions in the online manual to do so, and the assembly was not obvious. The frame was also supposed to be queen size, but is too small. I would not purchase again.Terrible product
This is a poor quality bed...The holes did not line up for the screws provided...A nightmare...I would NOT recommend this product.Not what it appears
I recently bought this bed, after reading all the reviews it seemed like a great deal. It might have been a bad one from the factor I am not sure but this was anything but easy to put together. TO start the center support were not fasted in by anything making it very unstable, none of the pieces lined up leaving a quarter of an inch gap on the frame itself there were no pilot holes for the screws so when attempting to screw his together I was damaging the frame of the bed, and to top it all off i was missing hardware. I returned it for a full refund and went elsewhere.Returned this bed, it was terrible
I'm not sure why the reviews are so so good. This is a very low quality product and it looks and feels like a low quality product. I didn't hesitate buying this bed platform because I've bought on before from Walmart but the overall quality of this product couldn't be worst. I would not recommend.Cheap, looks cheap, feels cheap -don't buy
The wood to support the mattress was chipped away from the corners and the entire piece on top was completely broken across the middle. We stopped unpacking and now have to figure out how to return it. We have relatives arriving in 2 days and no bed!The bed frame arrived broken ... very poor packing
I discovered during unpacking, one of the B-1 sections of the bed had the corner broke off of it. When examining the broken section I also noticed how cheaply built the product actually was. The bed is extremely heavy! Way more than one person can handle. I returned the bed to the local store for a refund and decided to purchase a different model from another dept. store.Cheaply made
Received damaged. Made of very heavy and brittle medium density fiberboard (MDF). The brittleness and its heavy weight makes this a very undesirable item. After seeing the product and the weight of the package, it is no surprise that it would be damaged while being shipped. It was delivered by FEDEX to my son's Oakland apartment in his absence. Hopefully FEDEX will retrieve the damaged platform bed. If not I'll likely have to pay $50.00 to have it hauled to the nearest Walmart store in Oakland. Unfortunately my son does not have a truck nor is he strong enough to handle this heavy package by himself. Buying this product was a big, expensive mistake. I hope we don't suffer the loss of the purchase price which was $139.00. I'm hoping to recoup some of my outlay as we still need to buy a bed. We're still waiting to hear back from Fedex.Received damaged. Made of brittle MDF.
Assembling took more than an hour but the final outcome is a failure. We had to assemble it two times and still some parts won't fit in. When fitting the second nail, the first nail pops out. The instructions manual has wrong diagrams. It shows the bed platform unevenly..
Totally waste of money and time!!!!!!!!!!!Its a bad decision to buy this bed
The measurement of the part are completely off and the part are all mismatch. I found this very disappointing.Not with the money
Bed was very difficult to assemble and the wood broke easily from the screws and I used a screw driver not a drill.Not impressed
Poor instructions for set-up. Quality not very good.Poor instructions
The color is not even close to the picture and the instructions for assembly do not
Make sense.Not what I expected
Very poor quality instructions hard to read and pieces not labeled. It's not sized correctly and foot of bed too long and has sharp edgesVery poor quality
Pressed sawdust. One piece had holes drilled incorrectly. That meant item could not even be put together. Turned out to be to my advantage because I returned platform bed to local Walmart (yes, it was difficult because of size of item) and shopped locally and found something better for only $55 more at different retailer.Returned. Thank you Walmart for that policy.
I had my doubts at first, I needed a bed for a 400LB person who shares a room with 2 very big dogs. I chose this because of the wonder cost, and the looks of being sturdy. I was so pleased with how easily it was to assemble, (by myself), and was overjoyed when I saw both dogs on the bed with the person. It is wonderful! I feel that this bed will make all parties very happy for quite a while now. I would recommend this to anyone! The price was fantastic, and the durability is just as great. And wow, I was so surprised at the delivery time too, it arrived a week before I expected it. Thank s I hope this helps someone else with their decision.Better than expected
Laid on my bed after successfully putting it together 3 days later the frame on one side broke. now the bed leans on one side.not sturdy very weak frame
Well first off I would like to say it is what you pay for. A total waste of money, and will be trying to return said bed. We needed an inexpensive bed. I received the bed and could not put it together right off the bat. So when Me and my girlfriend went to put it together it was already broken. Putting it together was a nightmare in a half. Cheap and disappointing. I strongly do not recommend this to anyone, not even my worst enemy.!!100% disaster...
I purchased both the queen size with the matching headboard and for the price I paid with the way it looks I absolutely love it. I can understand what people said about the full size not looking right with the headboard though, so if you're thinking of going this route in the full size, I wouldn't recommend it. Other than that I would suggest this to anyone looking to update their bedroom.Perfect for the money
I needed to give my $1500.00 mattress to my husband. His back was hurting him alot. I bought a 300.00 pillowtop from walmart. It was nice and firm, but a little too firm. I couldn't get comfortable. I went to walmart bought this for my bed and it was amazing. I have never slept so well. I bought one for my sister, she has neck and back problems and her mattress was getting old, she put this on top, and She loves it. It is a amazing product, if you want a good nights sleep.Love it
love it! perfect! it was everything I wanted. great product, would recommend it to anyone! was delivered promptly, can't ask more...queen platform bed
Excellent bed, came on time easy to set up. Great value for this bed.Great buy at a great price!
its a really great bed and really nice...was also easy to put togethera good product
I have only been sleeping in it for a few days, but like it very much. It was kind of a pain to put together, especially the rails, but over all I am very satisfied with it.Good Deal
It's decent could of been made out of better woodGood
I liked being able to almost completely assemble it on my own.

For the quality, well, I expected a bit more even though this product is cheap.

It looks cheap, one can see the bare wood underneath the matress - a bit more color would have helped.

Also there were few other aspects which I disliked, sorry for not having the time to be more detailed.Did not like it so much
Good overall value, but some of the moldings don't line up properly and the result is certain areas are not completely flush with each other. It looks alright overall, however, and once you have a mattress on it, it is somewhat less noticeable. Decent product for the price, but not overly impressive.Decent Overall
When you pay $100 for a platform bed, you get a $100 platform bed. hard to put together, holes didn't line up and directions were confusing. Because of our ceiling height on the steps we needed a put together platform bed. But... it is definitely worth the $119, not one dollar more.Rough construction
This platform bed is cheap, but you get what you pay for. It was difficult to assemble as all the pieces didn't fit properly. The veneer starting peeling immediately.Hard to assemble
Putting this bed together was a nightmare. The instructions were very vague. It took us 5 hours to assemble. The holes to attach the front rail were drilled wrong and the bottom boards had to be realigned and rescrewed in order for the side rails to attach somewhat evenly, (the measure they provided was off quite a bit), there was a lot of screwing and unscrewing to finish the job. Don't waste your money on this setup!Don't buy this!
This tops the list for disappointing and horrible online purchase. It is not as pictured; when u put it together it looks much smaller; you don't get a bed, you get pieces of boards made from glued together sawdust; the holes do not line up; it is difficult to assemble; ugly; nothing like the picture; and easily broken; pieces, especially the corners were all broken off. I would NEVER recommend that anyone purchase this item; not even for a kid's playhouse. Horrible waste of time and money. Just purchase a metal frame and box spring.Cheaply made; horrible; don't buy!
Paying for the bed online was easy. Getting the bed shipped to my nearest Walmart was a disappointing experience. Parts of the bed arrived broken, so I had to return it. Thankfully Walmart has a return policy easy enough to refund all of my money. However, I'll be going elsewhere to purchase a bed.Bed Arrived Damaged
I bought it with lot of expectations by having look at the picture on Walmart site, but it is not worth to even have a look at it while shopping, folks do not buy this item. It is stressful to get this item, fixing it which ultimately leads to no use and finally we will be end up with incomplete and unsuccessful assembling. I have to remove the packing and carry each piece from my leasing office to my home after delivery, it was such heavy to handle. I am really upset with this purchase.Waste and not even worth to have a look to shop!!
was very hard to out together but it works could have built my own bed with less hassle and moneyit does its job but the cost isnt worth the value
We ordered this bed for our spare bedroom when we were having guests. We chose the site to store delivery option to save shipping charges, but I must have missed the fine print because the item takes 7-10 BUSINESS days to arrive, not 7-10 regular days, so needless to say it did not arrive in time and we ended up purchasing a different model platform bed that was available in the store. We were very happy with that model. We decided we would use the model we ordered on line for our own room when it arrived. The bed we ordered on line was the same price as the one we bought in the store, but it's quality is far inferior. It is made of particle board and has no head or footboard. The store bought one included a headboard, footboard and is made of furniture grade MDF which is much sturdier than regular particle board. If you are in the market for a platform bed, I would recommend purchasing the one that is available in the store over purchasing this model offered on line.Did not meet our expectations
My husband and I were excited to get this bed for our guest room. When it arrived, we discovered that it was badly cracked on two major parts. On top of that, the item was the worst quality particle board you can imagine. Needless to say, we returned the item. I would spend a little more to get something of better quality -- I can't see this thing holding up for any period of time.Poor Quality Bed Delivered in Terrible Condition
So, we decide to buy a new bed because ours was about 15 years old. I look around, find a really nice queen size mattress, but because the house is shaped funny we physically cannot get a queen size box up the stairs. Alright, what are our options? Ah! A platform! So I find this platform online, looks nice, no boxspring required, I worked some overtime to be able to afford the combined 400 dollar bed, order the platform, site to store, the chick at the store was actually AWESOME for the first time ever, bring it home and put it together on Sunday. We slept on it for two nights, and on Tuesday night we climbed into bed to settle down and *CRACK*-the two center supports snapped where they were screwed in. The thing is made of pressboard so it's insanely heavy without being insanely sturdy. On the day we opened the box I had to call the customer service number and order a new part because they machined the holes on the wrong side of the board, then two days later the support beams snap where you put the screws in?? Really? This reminds me why I should never buy furniture from Walmart, but what can I say, I was so exited to have a new bed. This platform is poorly manufactured, cheaply produced and overly expensive, and is not worth it.So much for a good nights sleep
My soon love it! Great value.Great look!
I was expecting putting the bed together was going to be insanely hard from the reviews. The directions were very much lacking, but if you think about how it has to work it is very simple to put together. Having an electric screwdriver definitely helped. Once it was put together it was surprisingly sturdy. I use it as a platform for a foam mattress and it looks very nice. The best plus in my book of the design is you can't stub your toe on this bed; however, it is possible to hit your chin. Great product for the price!Great for the price
I love the platform bed. Was easy to put together to. Just what i wanted in a bed. ThanksMy first time having a platform bed
Just what I needed and surprisingly easy assembly . there was only one thing I never figured out ...WHAT were the little felt pads for and should they go on top or bottom of the frame? I just left them out and didn't seem to need them, after allperfect
Easy to assemble. Looks great. Just as advertised.Great Bed
This is a good solid bed. Very easy to assemble. I did it by myself alone in 2-3 hrs. Instruction could have been better with some more pictorial representation.Good product for the price
I bought this platform bed to use with my new memory foam mattress. I love it! It did take awhile to put together but that was expected. The directions were simple and all of the parts were labelled. It is a heavy sucker so I did need help moving it also to be expected. I have had it about a week and have already had complements on it. It was a great purchase! I got my shiny new bed mattress and platform for $450. Much cheaper than anything else I found.Great purchase!
This bed meets all expectations that I had in mind for my new apartment room! It's the perfect height for a platform bed and sturdy too!! If you're in the market for a cheap (yet decent) bed...this is the one to get! And to top it all off, Walmart's customer service is great...I did site to store and experienced nothing but great service and care for my product!Excellent Value
Got the bed. NO HARDWARE! Had to call for the hardware. Showed up 6 days later! Needed two people to put together, WAS STILL MISSING important screws! Managed to make due skipping a screw of two. Instructions were a joke. Used them in the fireplace instead. Hurt myself and brother putting it together and alot of 4-letter words were used. After all was said and done though, it works. It is lower to the ground than thought. But I do like it. You get what you paid for. If I take it apart again, I will never be able to put it back together. Wish I had spent the extra $50 to get the one with drawers underneath - but kinda glad I didnt since it was so difficult to put together without them!Love It and Hate it
We have purchased this for our guest bedroom and it meets our expectations. The quality of the wood is OK but it is not bad.

If you add a headboard, then it adds to its appearance.

I felt that its easy to fix(not many tools necessary).

We haven been using this since 3 months and its good so far.Nice Bed for a Guest Room
I ordered this bed for my son and his girlfriend,the bed seems fine but I would recommend you NOT take the free delivery.They must have some deal going with Fedex and they don't seem to want to deliver anything on time.First they had an issue with the address,never called me to fix it (since this isn't my address I had no idea).After waiting all day at new apartment for the bed,I went home and looked up on Fedex' website and found they had the bed for 2 days and never contacted me.I called and they said they couldn't deliver now till Monday ( this was on a Friday).My son ended up sleeping on the floor all weekend.Thanks! Then on Monday they called and asked was it alright to deliver the next day? I told them NO they needed to get it delivered today no matter what.They send it over finally and some small woman is the delivery driver.This bed is in boxes and is HEAVY. It had to go up 3 flights of steps!My son got home just in time to help carry it up and had company there to help,so they ended up delivering the bed themselves.Pay for UPS or pick up in store your self!The bed is good,but good luck with the delivery.
I would recommend this style for teens AND adults.....Super simple and sleek. Not very hard to put together...no harder than anything else. We are happy with it.Looks great!
Box was too heavy but the price was good. Directions truly need to be clearer.Basically ok.
Headboard and footboad dowel holes do not line up correctlySouth Shore Basics Queen Platform Bed with Molding
This took forever for my.boyfriend and I to put together. It works, but my bed is too small or this foundation is too large and I have bumped my shins on it so many times already.have fun putting this together
This bed could have been pretty good with a little quality control. Some hardware missing, some holes not drilled completely through the particle board. Part don't quite fit, so the particle board splits in some places. These picture instruction were poor, especially considering the simple design.China Quality
It doesn't look too bad, but you can see the unfinished particle board around the edges of the mattress, even though I have a queen size mattress. the border trim was extremely hard to attach. One reason is because once you put the bed together, it's too low to the floor to use a drill to screw in the piece, and there are no holes to screw into, so having to do it by hand was excruciating and resulted in having just a couple screws in each side, so it's not sturdy. The whole piece works fine flat on the floor but is too flimsy to lift off the floor to screw in the border trim.hard to assemble and unfinished parts show
I order this bed for myself and was greatly disappointed when it arrived. My brother put it together for me. It only took him about 2 hours but the pieces were poorly marked and misdrilled so it took longer then it should've. Also he had to use a lot of his own hardware because a lot of what they sent wasnt working. My side rail pieces havent been put on yet because you have to screw those from the underneath side and if you try to lift up on the bed it just rips the screws out of the platform part that you've already screwed down. This bed is a big joke. If you think you are getting a great deal because it's so cheap you are NOT. You are getting a box full of cheap partical board. But it's too much of a pain to try to return. I recommend just going to the lumber store and buying nice heavy wood and making your own. All you get in this box is pices of partical board and screws so it's nothing you couldnt just buy and do yourself. Dont fall for this bed unless you want a big headache and to be disappointed with how much money you spent on junk.Make your own...dont fall for this!
It took us 2 people approximately 4-5 hours to assemble this bed. I will never buy this again.

It is heavy, and once its setup its looks nice but if they make the assembly is bit tiresome.Assembly of this bed is time consuming
Arrived with a corner broken (Which tells you how "Thin" the wood is)
I recieved the matching Side Tables first which are great quality and expected the bed to be the same, but was dissapointed as we put this platform together.
Was easy to put together until we got to the top planks and "edging" pieces, when you nail the planks into the platform it is sooooo thin that the screws come out the sides and break the particle boards, we ended up with a night of returning to Lowes to purchase Different hardware to use and wood glue, my husband was very unhappy, if we ever get it apart or need to move it, it will be trashed.Wish I had spent More on a Better Value Platform.
The bed was very difficult to put together. The instructions were very hard to understand and I know the bed was built wrong. I had 5 guys trying to figure out how to put it together and they failed too. Even the pictures were very confusing. Trying to show where the screws and the pieces go was very misleading. I love the idea of the bed but not when it was put together.Not very happy
The instructions could be more descriptive. Quality could be better.Could be better
BLACK is not CHOCOLATE! I specifically see in the description>>>>>>>>CHOCOLATE. Am I happy? No I'm not. I'm disgusted. I could have returned the bed, but I can't be bothered with the hassle of dealing with you or Fedex right now. Not that I could, it didn't actually come with a receipt or packaging slip.

The bed itself was poorly constructed with some of the holes in the pieces not lining up well at all. Would I recommend this product to others? Yes, but only if you want a BLACK and poorly constructed bed that you expected to be CHOCOLATE and good.CHOCOLATE is BLACK, who knew?
It is easy to put together, but doesn't fit. I am still on the floor!! Waste of time and money!!Do not purchase this!!
Seriously. Waste of money, and time. You might just as well buy card boxes and tape them together. It may be better than this bed. Save your money.DON'T BUY IT!
I did not have very high expectations for this product because it was so cheap but even my low expectations were not met I bought this just to get a mattress up off the floor that my dogs lay on and I am certainly glad i did not buy it for a person! First off the pre drilled holes for board at head of the bed were not in right spot and my husband had to correct that problem and the platform plywood pieces are so flimsy i would not trust them to hold up to any kind of real weight My husband fashioned some additional support pieces to help support the overhanging edge of platform so i think its gonna be fine if my grandkids get on it as they like to play out in our dog house/ grandkids playhouse Its gonna work for what i bought it for but i would certainly never buy a product from this company for inside my house Cheap cheap cheapPiece of junk
For $130 I was at least expecting a more solid wood. The presswood is way too flimsy for me to feel safe laying on for the next two years. While assembling, I even realized that the wood was not cut straight which I had to make up for by making other pieces long and what not. Part of the wood broke off and I had to reinforce it by using the "measurement" wood blocks. Why couldn't the entire bed have been made from the same wood as those blocks. Not a good bed. The only good thing I will say is that appearance wise, it looks like the picture. But if you weigh more than 100 lbs, have a nurse on standby.Warning: Flimsy glued-together woodchips.
The box was delivered with the end of the box torn and pieces exposed.
The directions are minimal and difficult.
The frame itself was difficult to assemble and was not sturdy.
I returned it as soon as it was assembled.Poor quality
Looks pretty in the picture, the reality is that came incomplete, ugly bed and poor materials. Don't waste your money.Worse bed in the world
1/2 inche chip wood terrible and not melamine where is sup to be . Really bad item do not waste your time.Chip chip smell bad really bad
Was excited to get this bed, but when we opened it up we found it was made from fiber board we were very disappointed. Assembly was a nightmare! The pre drilled holes did not line up, we found out the hard way, some holes were too close to the edge and when you put the screws in it broke through and chipped off pieces. From the picture it looks very nice, but when you finally get it assembled with the mattress on, the bare unpainted board shows. Good value, no, not when you see the finished product. We do not recommend!Cheaply made
*.! do not waste your money on this*.! do not waste your money on this
We purchased this bed frame and it arrived quickly and on time, however, the boards do not line up straight so the bed is kind of at an angle and they're all cut different sizes so it's not a straight ledge.. The border did not want to fit on Easley at all and the screws did not want to screw into the border, plus all the screw stripped because they are really cheap quality and we had to purchase our own screws and drill new holes in the boards .. It was fairly easy to set up and now that it's done it looks okay but it's pretty cheap qualityPoor quality
WHY don't companies pre-drill holes anymore??? Why must instructions be IMPOSSIBLE to figure out? Even though it looks nice and I'm getting use out of it, I'm angry about the damage done putting it together. The base covering requires PRECISE measuring to the MILLIMETER all the way down the side. Therefore, without pre-drilled holes, the wood chopped and splintered in several areas.

Also. The idiot truck driver just dropped it off and plopped it into the mud. So thanks for that.Looks great ... but instructions are AWFUL
Purchased the SoHo platform bed, head board and end table. I consider myself, as many others do, quite a resourceful Handyman. I had problems with holes not lining up as well as pieces not being cut to the correct dimensions. Pieces , even though clamped , still had to be coaxed into position. I am fortunate to have a well equipped wood working home workshop. I had a struggle putting the furniture together. I feel sorry for the novice without the experience or tools readily at hand. If you're going to get un-assembeled furniture this is not the Company to buy from.BAD JUNK
corner should be rounded off, kept hitting my leg on them .bed
This bed seemed to be exactly what I wanted when I assembled the bed, but then I rearranged my room one day (after only having the bed for a little over a year) and I noticed that all of the H boards and M boards and E boards that hold the bed off of the ground were chipping and falling apart. The screws are also being reject by the boards that sit on top of the frame to hold the mattress and have made the screw holes on those boards bigger because of that. This bed states that it comes with a 5 year warranty, however this company refuses to replace my bed. They have stated that they can only replace 50% of the bed. They will not even replace 50% at one time and then replace the other 50% another time. So apparently they will only replace 50% of your bed within the entire 5 years of the warranty, which is absolutely ridiculous in my opinion!!!!! I will NEVER purchase anything from this company again!Waste of money
The bed has bad smell.It smells
The wood is really cheap. It stood on the platform to turn my ceiling fan off and the board cracked in half. It was stupid on my part, because I am a big girl. However, it looks nice when completed and isn't bad. When you have the mattress on it the weight is distributed more evenly. I've not had any other trouble with it.Gets the job done.
The first feeling of this is hard than you sink. The first night was great compared to my old bed. the second night was ok. The 3rd night I was ready to get rid of it. I have had it almost a week and still am not happy. After you sink in its hard again. If I still can I will return this.Hard as a brick
The holes in the headboard part of the frame were not all drilled, thus compromising sturdiness. There was a ridge on the mattress guards that would have finished it out properly, but that is not how the pre-drilled holes were constructed. There were no holes pre-drilled on the mattress guards. The footboard piece of the mattress guards was about three inches too long. If it had been able to go around the outside of the platform frame, it would have been a closer fit. So, now we have a rough edge around the frame that even though it is painted, looks tacky. Pretty disappointing.Pieces do not fit together correctly
Hello...This is for the 12" Spa Sensations Theratouch Memory Foam Mattress.

I've owned this for 23 months now, and I want to let everyone know that mine sleeps cold. That means that if your room is cold, the mattress stay's the same temp of the room, or a little bit colder.

If you catch colds easily, you will need to invest in a heated mattress pad if you live in a cold climate.

Other than that, I have no complaints......REV 1812" Spa Sensations Theratouch Memory Foam Mattress
The product came in a long heavy box could not lift by myself and could barely lift with assistance from store personnel. I had to take it out of the box to get it in my second floor apartment carrying it piece by piece. Once I got it home it took me 4 yes 4 hours to put it together. Keeping in mind I'm not handy, but I wasn't expecting 4 hours of work.nice platform bed for the price
i bought this platform bed to accompany the spa mattress i purchase. When it arrived it barely fit in my suv and then when I got it home I had no hardware to put it together so I called the company, which took a week to get the bolts and screws. The screws that hold the bed together are supposed to go into these pegs. 1/4 of the way in they stopped moving. I couldn't turn them by hand and even though it didn't advise it I tried to use a drill gun because I couldn't turn them by hand. it didn't even turn them. so I tried to take them out and see if I could maybe use wood glue or some other way to hold the frame together. The screws did not come out. So now I have a bed frame with four screws at each end stuck sticking out. I couldnt' find the receipt to return it as we had just moved into a new place so I am stuck with this bed that is falling apart.very bad product
WHEN I HAVE BOX ARRIVE TO FRONT DOOR IT IS SO HEAVY I OPEN IT I SAW ALL CHEAP PLY WOOD SUDDENLY I TOLD MY WIFE JUST DUMP THEM RATE BRING INSIDE THE HOUSE, SINCE ALREADY OPEN AND SO HEAVY FOR RETURN. MY SAID YOU HAVE GO SEE IT YOUR OWN EYE BEFORE YOU BUY ON LINE ON LINE IS NOT SHOW EVERY THING JUST LOOK NICE ON PICTURE. SO MY WIFE SAID OK IT IS HERE JUST PUT TOGETHER. I AM GO TO PUT TOGETHER 6 HOLES ARE NOT IN LINE, CAUSE DAMAGE SIDE OFF THE WOOD FACE, AFTER INSTALL SCREWS IN, I HAVE TO REDRILL AND CHAMFER TO MAKE SCREWS TO BELOW SURFACE, OTHERWISE DAMAGE MASTTRESS AND IN LINE OTHER PLY WOOD UNDER.AFTER TO INSTALLED 2 PCS END OF BEB TO INSTALL 2 PCS END OF BED THEN INSTALL BACK 2PCS PLY WOOD BACK OF END 2 SIDE. I NEVER SEE INSTRUCTION IS REALLY BAD. I HAVE TOOK 5. HOURS APPROX. TO CLEAN UP DO RIGHT.IT IS MAKE JUNK PLY WOOD
The height of the product is to short. Need to be taller to be able to support a top matters only. just like they display in the picture. The height is not even 1 feet from the floor. Picture do not match the current item. Had to return.Needs a little improvement
i orignally had ordered this product because i purchased a brand new bed.. i was soo excited to find a platform at the price that walmart was selling it for.. it was almost to good to be true. a few days later i recieved an email that my product had been shipped.. i was so happy i tracked it everyday .. upon its arrival to the fedex location nearest my house i had tracked it only to see that it had been damaged in transit and sent back to the shipper.. i called walmart the customer service was great.. the lady on the phone sent me out another platform and gave me a 20 dollar gift card for the inconvience.. and once again i waited for the platform to arrive.. tracking it everyday for the second time.. once again upon arrival to the fedex location nearest my house.. AGAIN! CAN U BELIEVE IT!! DAMAGED IN TRANSIT.. i wanted to die.. because at this point i had already had to push back the delivery of my mattress from sleepys.. and had to do it once again .. i called fedex to find out what exactly had happened not once but twice.. and apparently south shore ( the company that makes the platform ) was shipping this 130lb package in a flimsy box and by the time it made it from the warehouse to the fedex by my house all the corners of the box were ripped off pieces were missing and scratched.. i told fedex just to send it back to walmart i didnt want it..so i called walmart and i demanded my money back this is insane and lady was really nice and helped me in getting a refund which i had to wait 3 days for.. before i could get my money back and go get another one.. currently i have my 1300 dollar mattress sitting in my room against my wall and i still have no platform .. i did end up ordering another platform from walmart and got it shipped to the store. so we will see how that works.. if it is damaged idk what i will do .. so i dont recomend anyone getting this shipped to there home its not shipped properly by south shoreNightmare
I thought it came with a bed they need to be more clear. But besides that's it a nice bedframebed not included
People dont get fooled but this product if u think it comes with the bed because it only comes with the molding. The title make it seems like it comes with the bed also. You're only paying for wood that's all. They should only show a pic of the molding only. Not so happy with that surprise.It only includes the molding only
I was very pleased with the delivery time and my purchase once received. It was everything the website said it would be, I couldn't be more happy.Pleased with purchase
I thought it was fun and easy to assemble. I like the way it looks too.Fun and easy to assemble.
The bed, I admit was a little hard to put together but once I got it together it was just fine. I bought a memory foam mattress from walmart to put on top of it and I am loving it. It's simple and doesn't take up so much space. I would recommend it to anyone who was looking for something cheaper but still keeping the style.Simple but classy
Out of the entire bedroom set, this was the best piece. The bed was easy to assemble and it looks very nice and modern. The rest of my bedroom set had scratches and was very difficult to put together, but the bed was scratch free and is exactly was i hoped for. Its def a great bed and such a great price! The nightstand and dresser goes great with it as well!Very Nice
I just moved off campus into a student apartment and decided I needed VERY simple, inexpensive furnishings. This bed is great I put it together without help from anyone and I didn't even buy a mattress, I just threw my air bed onto it and it looks fabo! (I actually bought the full size maple)Great for Starter Apartments
I purchased the bed after I had gone overseas and slept in a simular one in Spain. I like the style without the headboard clutter and lots of pillows.Satisfied and sleeping comfortable
This product is wonderful. It was significantly cheaper than any other site. Actually it was over half over. I was not too happy about the shipping rates, but the product is great. It took a bit to put together, but was relatively simple. On top of all this it is great to sleep on.A Great Buy!
Upon buying this for my daughter I expected it to be very flimy and undurable, but she has been able to jump un it and sit weith all her friends on it without a problem. It iis very modern looking as the description said and matches almost all decor. Harder than I expected to Assemble though.Good Product
It is perfect for my 14 year old daughter, who's room is very small along with a dresser and it's perfect.excellent
i absolutely love this bed. it is everythig i expected. it was easy to put together as long as u have help. the only downfall is that it is soo heavy it took my boyfriend and his friend to carry it up stairs.WONDERFULL!!
this is the best price you can find anywhere for a plateform bed. I have done some research online. Very good consider the price you will pay for. One negative thing is the final step, you have to lay on the floor and screw the railing upwards which is very uncomfortableGood for the price
The South Shore Platform bed is not only attractive but very functional in a small room. It makes the room feel open and airy. And using Site to Store is easier than anyone can imagine. I will definately use your service again.Very functional furniture
I thought it came with a headboard which was in the picture. But I still like the bed. I am very happy with it.Good Bed
The product is an exceptional value and nice looking. I loved that I didn't have to pay the shipping cost when I picked it up at the store.Loved the Ship to Store Feature
I brought this for my mother and she loves it. I think this is great for adults.Great for the money
the product went up well but it should come with longer screws because you lift alittle on the end and the screws pop right out.nice
completely satisfied. Met expectations. Took less than 45 min to assemble. Pre-drilled holes matched up perfectly. Great purchase for the money.Great product for the money
I thought it had more over hang on all sides of the mattress platform but once we put it together it looked really nice. for the money you cant complain. I would recommend it to anyone that is just looking for a simple mattress platform.Looks Nice
This bed is a wonderful product. It is very easy to put together, but does require two people at times. Looks nice and is really well made. Would suggest some kind of head board.Great Bed
We bought this bed to place our tempered foam mattress on it. It's low sleek look makes our big room look even bigger. My husband was able to completely assemble it himself. We love the way it looks and we haven't had any issues with it and have been sleeping on it for a month. I only wish it came with the headboard instead of buying it separate, but this way allows me to create my own look!Sleek, sophisticated, serves a perfect purpose
Super easy to put together - BUT don't buy a headboard, no place to attach it. I bought the huge body pillows, and have those between the wall and the bed - looks really great! The molding DOES HAVE TO BE SCREWED in from the bottom so you might want to do that FIRST. Very sturdy bed frame. looks nice.GOOD CHEAP BED
We are enjoying this product. One thing I don't like is our mattress is a tab bit smaller than the platform.South Shore Queen Platform
I bought 2 of these, for my sons, ages 16 and 13, they are great beds, and so simple to put together, they were enjoying them in about 20 minutes. I used the free site to store shipping and they put them in our van for us. This is the perfect bed!A great bed!
This platform bed is much sturdier than I expected and has a nice overall look for an inexpensive item. It is perfect for a memory foam mattress. My husband had it fully assembled in about 45 minutes with suprisingly little effort and only minor help from me. I do recommend 2 people for assembly to hold the boards in place and to lift the bed for one to add the molding instead of laying on the floor to do so.A nice alternative to box springs...
I ordered this bed as a surprise for my grandsons birthday. When it arrived at my daughters house we were pleasantly pleased with the excessive packing inside the box... Not one pierce was chipped or damaged.. That meant a lot to me. Thank you for the care that you took to deliver this product. Picture does not do it justice.more than I expected
At first when I took the bed out of the box. I was thinking that I had made a big mistake. I thought that the bed wasn't going to be strong enough to hold my husband and myself. After getting it all together and sleeping on it. I must admit it is a great bed to have. I really do love my platform bed.Sleep Well
This is a 2 person job. The holes were not drilled in the molding BUT it was easy to make them just by screwing in the screw...I LUV MY BED!!! It's exactly what I expected and I don't see why it would be a problem to take it apart & move somewhere else!!Exactly what I expected!!
Easy to put together. I love this bed. Great price for the money.Love the bed.
We love our new platform! It wasn't as easy to put together as others made it seem but my boyfriend managed! I got quite a show! =)Love It!
I love the bed frame. It was easy to put together and fast. I could not fit a queen box spring up my stairs so i was looking for something that did not need one. And this fits great . The only thing i didn't like about it is the sharp edges evertime i would walk by it i would hit my leg on it.loved the product
This is the second time I purchased this bed for myself. Had to sell the first one because I moved cross country. Great buy for the price. Very sturdy and looks good.
A little challenging to put together...but nothing a little patience can't solve.Great Bed!
This is a great value. It was very easy to put together. I did it myself. The only help I needed from my husband was to lift the unit so I could put the last pieces on. This should be done earlier to avoid the heany lifting. I would suggest a change in the instructions.
I would recommend this product!Nice n Easy
I have always wanted a bed like this, i'm very fussy in what i buy! I like to make sure it's what i want before i buy! This bed was somewhat easy to assemble, the direction could have been a little more self explanatory (ex. when the felt pads are put on which way they face. Answer- they face towards the floor when assembling the bed.) Other than that the bed is great! My cats and dogs enjoy it more, for it's easy for them to jump up on LOL!
I do reccommend this product to anyone!wonderful product
This is a decent bed and an excellent value. Great for matching with the TempSoma 8" memory foam mattress! I love platform beds--supportive and no need for a box spring. This bed is made of fiberboard but is very solid. Simple but elegant.Excellent bed
My husband and I love this platform bed. It looks great and fits perfect in our room. It was time consuming to put together. The only problem that we have with it is that it is hard to move. You can not pick it up by the sides becuase it is too heavy and pulls the screws loose. That is the only issue we have with it. Other than that we like it alot.Looks great
This platform worked out better than I expected. It looks great and is sturdy. I truly like a great deal.

It is well worth the price (which I got on sell). I thought it would be a little cheap thing that would not look good and would not hold up, but it fooled me.

If you need one, buy it. It will be worth your time.Loved it!
HI,
We found this easy to put together, no problems with holes or anything that other reviews' indicated... might help that my husband is extremely handy! Only complaint is very slight, the edge of the bed sticks out approx. 6-8 inches from mattress edge and our daughter keeps hitting her shin on it but other than that, so far a great value and highly recommended.A great product for the price!
I absoluty love my new bed frame although I had to keep my boxspring because I don't like to be so close to the floor. We had to remove the 2 trim pieces on the side to make it fit, but you can't even tell.Nice bed frame. Great price
I enjoy this bedframe that i have purchased. It is very sturdy and it does not take up the whole room. It also makes the room look more sophisticated.Finally Sleep
This bed is really great. It is very sturdy and you can't beat the price, The only complaint that I have is that I wish the outer boards would of had the finish on them, sometimes if the mattress moves you can see the underlament. The site to store option was great too, they helped us load and brought it to our vehicle.WELL worth the money
Its a great platform bed. Requires atleast 2 people to assemble it. Simple and yet Elegant. Just need a good mattress and thats it, no box springs and all. I will recommend this bed to everyone. Good value for money.Awsome bed
Easy to put together and came site to store really fast. Make sure to have tools. perfect bed frame for anyone and priced rightHelpful
This bed exceeded my expectations. I had read all of the previous reviews and found that there was a wide range of positive and negative reviews so I was a little skeptical. Once I received the product and put it together, I was very happy. I did use wood glue to reinforce the joints, but found the directions easy and the pieces were all correct and clearly labeled. I also put the trim pieces on before attaching to the bed which makes it much easier to install. Overall I highly recommend this product.Great product
This bed is great. I can't believe the price I paid for it. Suggestion, it is much easier to assemble with a power screwdriver. Took me about 20 minutes to assemble.Very Cool
The bed is very nice once it's put together. Putting it together, however, is a nightmare and a half. The directions do not specifically tell you what goes where or what to do. They have little pictures that you can barely see what's going on. It's pretty much a guessing game that you figure out real quick if you are wrong. There are NO spare parts. The bed looks great except the corners stick out a bit far past the mattress. And the center supports - even if you order the black - are brownish-red (?!). Yeah, you can't see them but you know they're there and they don't match. Overall you get a pretty good deal for your money. We haven't had any structural issues with the bed so far.Hmmm
I like this platform bed, but could have used better way to assemble. It requires so many parts that must be screwed or nailed together. Maybe, it could be made to have the final parts fit into each other rather than be assembled with nails - hurt my hand. Overall the bed is great and it fits my new mattress, too.Good product
This platform surpassed my expectations. For the price of it, I expected some flaws and weaknesses but there were none. My sole purpose for this platform was to support my thermopedic mattress without a foundation and I am very pleased with it. It was easy to assemble and very sturdy. The mattress stays in place on the platform and is just the right height.Exactly as described
this is a great bed for a good price but i have to warn you that the instructions is useless it took us 8 hours to put it toghter and you barely COULD read the instructions it look like they ran out of ink printing it...
GOOD LUCKInstructions
My husband and 13 year old put the bed together in less than an hour - without power tools. The only criticism I would have is that without said tools, they said some of the parts didn't fit the way the instructions laid out they should (one bottom panel had to be fitted in backwards). Otherwise, for the price, the quality is great and it looks more than decent. For a teen's room, I would recommend buying this product. It may not fit in with a more "mature" or "adult" room, but we're very satisfied. My 13 year old (who's using it now) says it's comfortable and he is having no issues.Great for the Price!
I was very impressed with the quality of this bed. I was very easy to put together...but yes you do need 2 people. Product is very sturdy, but a little worried at the foot, little too much overhang...But love the bed...South Shore Platform Bed
I purchased this for my 10 year old daughter. She LOVES it. I had no problem putting it together myself. I did use a drill to assist screwing as I found myself not strong enough to get them in all the way. It turned out great and for the price I'm happy I purchased it!Fabulous
Easy to assemble, though some of the pieces did not line up. Also shipping bad bad as some pieces were chipped.Does its job
made my bed look good it a ferfect size for my kids to get in and of the bed for me and my husband is not to short and not to tall and is verry strong because me and my husband are both in are 200lbsmade my bed very comfortable
I was looking for a bed that was lower to the ground and this is it. Great value. Came in in perfect condition. I have a small dog and he jumps right in and out.Great value product
I love the look of this platform bed. The color is exactly what I expected it to be and the assembly wasn't too difficult either. I put it together by myself even though they recommend two people to do it.beautiful bed
This bed is the perfect answer to any Martha's on a budget! Yery stylish and even more inexpensive. My kinda bed! Took me no time to put together (less than 30 minutes)!My Kinda Bed!
I just got my frame in a few days ago it was easy to set up and it was chipped or scratched in any way. It looks great and is comfortable.Affordable!!
great product , very heavy , tricky to put together , very solid and stable , kind of short but im getting used to it , good leg stretch to get up every day , enjoy :)very solid
This Bed is absolutly beautiful and perfect for an adult or childrens room. Very sturdy! It does take at least two people to put it together and i suggest having plenty of room when you do it cause you need to be able to move around the bed while putting it together. Took about 25min with two people.best thing i've purchased at walmart
When I purchased the bed, I was really only looking for something sleek. But to my surprise, this bed is unbelievably sturdy...I love it...would recommend to all....Better than I expected
I saw this bed online and knew it would be perfect for my 12 year old son. It was a little hard to put together. But after I made my husband and 2 boys help, we got it put together pretty easily. It is very sturdy and looks great. This is a great buy!!!LOVE THIS BED
I love this bed. It was a great value for the money. The assembly instructions were somewhat vague, but I was able to put this bed together by myself in about 2 hours. It is sturdier than I thought it would be. Overall, I am extremely satisfied with this purchase.Great bed
A great product for the price and it was easy to assemble. One suggestion...put it together exactly where you want it set up...it gets heavy and is hard to move once it is assembled!Great look, great price!
This is the perfect bed for the 8 inch memory foam mattress. It works great. Easy to put together.very sturdy
Product look better than photo in ad. I had some trouble assembling the last stage (maybe because I was tired) but overall great product. Now I plan to purchase the complete set.Better Than I Expected
It was not hard to put together just make sure you look at the picture and follow along with it step by step, I used wood glue just to make sure it's more sturdy, I really recommend it. It's overall a really good platform bed, the edges are a little sharp though.Great
This was my first purchase of a large item from an online company. I really had expected worse, but it went smoothly. Ordering and email follow-up were quick and painless. no problems.
I chose site- to- store. A wonderful option for most people, I was iffy on delevering it to my home due to damage. the package was wrapped well. and there were no missing parts, and no damage. more than I had expected to be honest. besides being heavier than I first thought, it was pretty easy to put together, which my daughter did by herself, with some help from me. directions are not very informative, but the pictures were easy to follow. over-all a good product. It's holding up so far. Something of a concern for me since my oldest is tall , about 5'8 and solid. So sturdy was a concern. This bed is solid , once it's put together. I am happy with the choice I made in purchasing this bed.A good first online purchase
This product was easy to put together and looks great in my room. This is a great buy for its price.Great buy
Easy to assemble, fast site to store shipping!!!Great Bed!
For the best support with the generic memory foam mattress this frame is the BEST.Memory foam generic
Excellent for the price paid, however is a little difficult to assemble, nothing serious. Make sure you get a can of black paint because the mattress don't cover the platform completely and the wood inside is not painted, what a shame! Otherwise the product made my expectations.Perfect
Before I bought this bed, I read the reviews carefully. There seemed to be more good reviews than bad, so I went ahead and bought it. I'm glad I did!
I ordered it site-to-store to save some money. It arrived in exactly a week, about four days ahead their prediction. Awesome! It also fit in my small two-door car (although it stuck out from the trunk a bit). Awesome! However, it was very heavy. You definitely need at least two people to move the box.
Assembly wasn't as bad as I expected, but again, it's a lot easier with two people. The instructions were clear and easy to follow. The only problem that I had was the some of the boards were not cut completely straight, leading to small gaps on top. At one point I was ready to smash the whole thing, but after enlisting my boyfriend to help, assembly took a little over an hour.
One thing I should note is that you have to put screws directly into particle board. An electric drill is your friend for this part.
Once the bed was assembled, it was beautiful! I LOVE the way it looks. The wood finish is darker than it looks in the pictures, more of an "espresso" color. It's very sleek and clean looking, and it my small bedroom it appears to "float." Unfortunately the bed is slightly bigger than my queen sized mattress, so some particle board shows around the edges. This does not show when the bed is made. It is extremely sturdy, far more so than I expected. It is also very heavy and should probably be disassembled for big moves.
I should also mention that when I received the box one piece of molding was missing. However, I called the customer service line and the piece was promptly shipped for no extra charge.
All in all, this is a very nice bed for the price. Aside from the problems with assembly, this bed is a great piece of furniture. Highly recommended!wonderful once assembled
This bed was pretty easy to put together and looks great. It was exactly what I was looking for and wasn't a bad price. I'd recomend it to anyone looking for something easy to put together and even though its RTA (ready to assemble) it looks amazing.Great Bed
The bed is everything I thought it would be. It is a great buy and the perfect furniture for my guest bedroom. The only let-down was that it had some scuffs in the dark finish. Another thing, you have to measure and line up the distance between the edge of the top of the bed and base of the bed with a stick that's provided. I found that to be a little odd and my top came out little crooked. It's tough to line something up with a piece of scrap wood. Overall, it looks great and it works for me.It serves its purpose
Stylish, modern and chic without the outrageous price tag.
Easy to assemble, only needed a screwdriver and a hammer although it is pretty time consuming. Pay special attention the position of the holes on the diagram.
Second purchase, same product. Cheap enough to throw away if moving and buy another. Really easy to coordinate with other furniture.Excellent
overall this product is a very good product...easy to set up...very easy ...but need to do what the instruction says...need to people to set up other rise its the bed will be crooked but i recommend this product to any body kids. parents.. guest room it looks pretty when you have to complete setvery good easy to use
This bed was not hard to put together and I am very shocked at how comfortable it has made my old mattress. The support it lends tot he mattress is amazing and the best part about this bed is....when my husband leaves at 2 a.m. I cannot feel him even rise from the bed. It is amazing the lack of motion due to the support. I have never slept this well.Good Buy
My husband picked up our product at the Site to Store area 4 days ago. He said it was a pain to put together (I was working). It does look very nice, however, and is very sturdy. It is true that the light particle board shows, but only when the bed isn't made. The corners are not as rounded as they should be, so I already have a bruise and scratch on my leg from scraping against it when walking by. When ordered, estimated time of arrival was between September 16th and September 24th, but the bed did not arrive at the store until September 26th. That was the only problem we encountered during our first experience with Walmart.com or Site to Store shipping, but we saved $65.00, so all in all I am very satisfied. Reviewers who are not happy with the product should not look at Walmart. You get what you pay for.So far so good
This bed is very sturdy BUTTT....... it is very hard to put together especially without a power drill and they tell you your not soppose to use it but with out it i would have never put it up. Now if you ahve a man in your life that ahas alot of upper body strength and a good screwdriver that go for it with out the power drill. other than that its a good bedGood bed
I just purchased this bed and I took it home and me and one of my good friends spent a couple of hours putting it together. It took us a minute to figure out, but once we figured it, the bed is wonderful. I like it and I would recommend it to my friends.Pretty good Platform
I HAVE HAD THIS PRODUCT FOR ABOUT THREE WEEKS NOW AND I HAVE TO SAY THAT I AM VERY IMPRESSED. THE SET-UP WAS EASY, THE BED WAS AVAILABLE FOR PICKUP EARLIER THAN STATED, AND THE PRICE CAN'T BE BEAT. I EVEN FOUND THE SAME BED AT OTHER PLACES FOR MORE MONEY AND SHIPPING WAS $100 EXTRA. SITE TO STORE WAS FREE AND THAT REALLY MADE THIS BED AN EXCELLENT DEAL. FOR THE PRICE, THE BED IS VERY STRONG AND COMFORTABLE. COULDN'T BE HAPPIER.A VERY GOOD DEAL
This product is overall a great purchase. The quality is good and the appearance is well above expectations. I recommend this product to everyone.Can't beat the purchase!!!
I have owned this product since Nov. 2006. When I first purchased it I was just moving into my 1st apt and had no bedroom furniture. I didn't want the traditional bedroom set. The bed is not hard to put together and it last. It's extremely sturdy! Looks nice and good for setting up a contempary style look in your room. I do realize the price is higher now but I think it's worth it.Quite Satisfied!!!
Overall exactly what I was looking for but picture here shows a cocoa color which is brown but i got chocolate which i am not sure if it was mistake on their part or picture fault but anyway the one i got is black.
It was a bit hard to put together especially the top part trying to make it even on both sides.Average
Rec'd bed very quickly via UPS. Easy to assemble, looks great. Just what I was looking for...and didnt have to leave my home.Great for the price..
I'm very happy to get such a great bed for such a low price. I hope it holds up for a long time.Great for the price
I thought I would have a hard time assembling this especially when I saw how it would go but it was rather easy. You can assemble it by yourself like I did, but it would be easier with someone else because of some of the longer pieces.Great and easy to assemble!
Very nice bed. Very comfortable. Perfect height for little ones when they transfer from a crib.Queen Platform Bed
This product was very easy to put together. It is very sturdy and looks very nice. No mattress needed so that is a bonus!Exactly what we were wanting
THIS BED IS HEAVY IN THE BOX, BUT AFTER I HAD HELP GETTING IT UPSTAIRS, I HAD NO PROBLEM PUTTING IT TOGETHER BY MYSELF. THE ONLY HELP YOU WILL NEED LADIES IS MOVING IT AFTER ITS ASSEMBLED. I CANT HONESTLY TELL YOU HOW IT SLEEPS. I PURCHASED IT FOR MY CHILD FOR CHRISTMAS AND HE HASNT SLEPT ON IT AS OF NOW. BUT LOOKS GREAT AND SEEMS VERY STURDY...LADIES, YOU CAN DO IT
the bed looks very nice and assemble easily . I and my husband took 45 minute to take all together . I certainly recommend it to anyone. Walmart offers a cheapest price . I shop around and finally ordered with them.valuable
-- Very easy to assemble, took about an hour with few tools.
-- Durable. I have 4 children who love to climb, bump, & jump. Have had this bed for a year and it's in the exact same condition as the day we put it together. Very solid craftsmanship.
-- Sleek, clean design goes with any decor. Looks great with any color scheme.
-- Easy and comfortable to get in/out of and to sleep on. It sits pretty low to the ground but even with just a top mattress (no box spring), it is easy to get out of bed every morning. No straining or extra exertion, which is great for hubby who has chronic back pain. Actually prefer this to a conventional bed.

4 stars on "Features" because it's as simple a bed as you can get. No drawers, headboard, or doodads.Would Recommend
You can still upgrade, even on a tight budget. A little time consuming to assemble, but I'm sure it would go quicker if you have an extra set of hands as recommended. Pretty basic as far as looks go, and there aren't many features but it is a platform bed. For the price you cant go wrong.A pleasent surprise
I bought this bed a couple of weeks ago and I seriously could NOT be happier. It was cheap as heck, AND it was fairly easy to put together. I love the way it's worked out and it looks perfect in my small bedroom.

I love it and would recommend it a hundred times over!!Awesome!
we bought this bed frame - it came well packaged but one of the boards looked like someone had put their fist through it . the board was one that went underneith the mattress so i wasnt to worried about it. good solid bed frame - screws could be a little longer my husband ended up going to buy seperate screws because the included screws wernt long enough.good
For what this is, it was simple to put together and it does the job. If you buy a decent mattress this is a fine frame if you like the neat, clean lines in the room. This style is modern and gives it that look and feel.Bed Frame
Love the bed! Only took about 2 hours to put together, no tiny pieces... instructions are easy to understand,, im a girl and I understood it :) 100% satisfied!!LOVE IT
I am very happy with this bed......it was easy to assemble....my 11 year old daughter was even able to help in the assembly......I love how it came together and think that it is a great looking bed....I would gladly recommend this product to any of my family of friends.Southshore Platform Bed
Just got my bed, cant believe how nice it is it said two people are required but put it together myself, very easy took about 2 hours. took my time just be carefull not to tighten the screws to much with a screw gun...just waiting on sheets and ill be ready to go....Ex Product
This queen size platform bed gave my 12 X 12 room alot more space compared to my other queen size bed. If you like platform bed then this is a great bed to buy.Great bed
I wasn't going to get it, But my husband just had to have this bed.He just loves it.And had no promblems putting it together.Just Love It
A few years ago I purchased a similar product that was 4 times the cost of this bed. They were made basically the same with the exception of the edges. I prefer the edges on this bed because they are rounded I guess to prevent hurting yourself which I did have a problem with my previous bed.Loved it......
The product was great & easy to assemble,took no time to build it & holds up the weight very well for a combined weight couple of 550 lbs.& I've slept very well & rested @ night ever since I've purchased this productWorth it's money
I like this bed it is afforable, and sturdy,yet seek,and stylish.Nice Bed
We ordered the whole So Ho set in cocoa and are thrilled! We finally have a "grown up" bedroom!Gorgeous furniture for the price!
Easy to assemble. Teen daughter loves it!Stylish and Economical
I ACTUALLY HAD A HARD TIME GETTING SOMEONE TO GO GET IT CAUSE THEY THOUGHT THAT IT WAS BIGGER THAN THE MATTRESSES!! BUT ONCE I GOT IT THE MEN AVOIDED IT AND DIDNT WANT TO APPROACH PUTTING IT TOGETHER. SO I STARTED TO PUT IT TOGETHER TIL I REALIZED THAT I DIDNT HAVE THE RIGHT SCREWDRIVER. SO FOR ABOUT A WEEK I WAS ON SHIFTING BOARDS. WHEN i FINALLY GOT THE RIGHT TOOL I FINISHED IT IN NO TIME. SO FOR THE TOTAL TIME THAT I THINK THAT I WORKED ON IT BY MYSELF IS ABOUT 2 HOURS!!! WHICH IS NOTHING. I USE IT WITH A BOXSPRING AND MATTRESS AND JUST MAY PUT ON ANOTHER MATTRESS SO THAT IT CAN BE VERRY HIGH. i LIKE THAT. :)OH SO EASY!!!!
The bed was very easy to put together. The room looks so much bigger without all the bed frames. I love it. Got one for my son now my daugter.very easy
The bed is easy to put together and seems very sturdy. I absolutely love it!awesome bed
Ordered this with site to store and it arrived about a week before we were expecting it. this is very heavy so build it where you want it, but great bed overall couldn't be happier with it.Great value
We got this bed for our son. It looks great and was easy to put together. My favorite part is that he can no longer stash junk under his bed. That is a plus!Great Value
I assembled the platform by myself, it took a few hours but thanks to my handy power drill it was easy. For the price, ths platform can't be beat. I was afraid a lower quality bed might make creaking noises, this one does not, it feels quite sturdy, looks terrific and I love it!So Pleased!
This platform bedframe is awesome and affordable. It was so easy to assemble. Save the shipping costs, because I was able to put this in my mazda 3 with the seats folded.Great Product, easy to assemble
Easy to build (took about 30 minutes), and it looks very nice!Great Bed Platform
This product arrived in a timely manner - site to store. Assembly was simple and straightforward, without a hitch The finished item looks great. All in all good value.Great Buy
i love it. it was easy to put together its very nice looking.best one yet
My husband and I have searched for a platform bed that will fit our budget and yet have the quality that we are looking for. South Shore Platform Bed just fit that bill. It looks great and is easy to assemble. Walmart did a fantastic job in delivering this to my home.Great Product
A bit tricky to assemble and very heavy (had to open the box and take it up my stairs piece by piece). Very sturdy and great looking. Amazing what you get for the price!Great value!
We bought this product for our twenty-year-old daughter's room. We bought the 8" memory foam mattress for it and she really likes it. It was very easy to assemble and it was a cheap alternative to a regular bed ensemble.Just right
Great frame at a great price -very easy to put together, made in Canada. Heavy, so bring help to carry and set up. Great for a guest room.Xtra bed
I bought this 10 days ago. Assembly was easy. we are really liking this bed. The look is great. Worth for the price.Nice looking product
I was very impressed with how easy to assemble the bed was. Just follow some simple directions (a cordless drill made it MUCH easier) and voila! You have a nice-looking and very adequate platform bed. No box-spring necessary, just plop the mattress on and your good. Word of warning, though, keep in mind that the box of the unassembled bed is heavier than ****! Enjoy :)Great Bed For A Decent Price!
the platform was pretty easy to assemble with two people (i definitely could not have done it on my own). one of the holes was splitting but seems to be holding just fine. the molding is really modern and appealing and overall the platform looks really good! the site-to-store was also really fast and convenient if you have a big car!good for the $
This bed was perfect. Exacly what I ordered. It took my husband, my son and I about an hour to put it together. The instructions were good. The only challenge was putting on the trim. We had to lift the platform up off the floor in order to use the power screwdriver to attach the trim. The bed looks great in my son's room and even fits the split bed springs underneath the queen mattress, so the bed is extra tall. Love it.Fantastic platform bed
Before I bought this bed I had read all of the reviews and saw how easy or hard a time people had to assemble it. I decided to go ahead and buy it anyway and to hire someone professional to assemble it for me. It took him about 2 hours and he did a very nice job and had no problems. The instructions specifically state *not* to use an electric drill as a screwdriver so beware of that.Good bed
this product you get what you pay for, its cheap but does the job. We had a very expensive mattress and the box spring we had was warped. with this platform it made our mattress great again.
good buyvery sturdy
This is a great platform bed and it met all of my expectations and then some. A friend put this together for me and it only took about one hour to complete. It is very sturdy and stylish and looks like I spent a lot more than I did. Fits perfectly with the 12" memory foam mattress I had purchased!I love this bed!
We bought this bed for our teenager who wanted to redo his room. He and I were able to assemble the bed easily in a coulble of hours. All of the parts were clearly labeled and the predrilled hole made putting the frame together a snap. The platform went onto the frame with out too much trouble. I would say the only slightly strenuous part was attaching the trim to the platform edges due to the awkward angle. The diredtions suggest that you lift the bed up, but it was too heavy to do that and screw in the screws. Over all we were very happy with our finished product. It was just what we hoped it would be. I would reccomend this to any one looking for a cost friendly platform bed.Good value for the money
I find this product to be very useful and comfortable.

I would recommend this product to whom all I know.Comforting product
This bed is a great looking bed and I found it easy to work with the stores in having it delivered to my store.Smart-looking
to be honest, i wasn't sure what to expect. i had a low budget and was looking for a cheap furniture set... and i'm still working on the rest of the house. this piece reminded me of korean beds, so i decided to pick it (i love korea and its culture). When i got it, i set it up alone. now, it was quite heavy and a little difficult to set up by myself, but even doing it alone it only took about 2 hours with the proper tools (you will need a phillips head screwdriver, and possibly pliers). It sets up surprisingly easy. this was my first time setting up a bed. doing it alone, the trimming was a little difficult to screw down, but even still I was able to do it with a little enginuity. for its price it is great, and gives me a feel of korea, which i miss so dearly. I was actually surprised because it was so cheap. I bought this with the 10" foam mattress, and it is a great combo. if you want extra storage space beneath your bed, or you like high rise beds, this is not for you. it sits fairly low to the ground. this does not look cheap at all. trust me, i spent a long time going through a lot of furniture to find something in my price range that does not look cheap. i wont settle for foutons... they all look way to cheap for me, and i am now in the same hunt for a sofa that looks professional, conservative, and not cheap, but with a price that will not kill me. i do my research.Great piece
My boyfriend put it together along with another persons help and it was not hard at all. I love it! It is low but we put a 12inch mattress and now it is a perfect height. You do not need a box spring so thats the good part you can save some money and just buy the mattress. Also it does not feel cheap specially for the price. I saw other items with the similar style at furniture store and they were around 700-1,500 so if you want something cheap I really recommend it. It has a lot of support and I do not see how it would break.AFFORDABLE
Beautiful bed for a great price!!! This bed is great. It feels durable enough... and from outside my room it looks like a floating bed!! Never really thought how great the bed looks until I put it all together new mattress and beddings even without a headboard! If you want a contemporary bed for bargain price this bed is for you!!Best Buy
This bed is exactly what I was expecting. I am very pleased. If you are looking for a simple platform bed, then this is a great one for the money. Very easy to assemble...45 mins. Very sturdy...I have a girlfriend. Looks great. The unpainted wood shows a little...not when my bed is made though. I suppose you could paint it...would not be much of a hassle. Do not let that turn you off. It is worth the 150.00...plus site-to-store free shipping...can't beat it. Great deal. I would buy it again.worth it
I bought a queen and a full size. Had it sent site-to-store, well packaged and very easy to put together. ThanksGreat Platform Bed
nice for the price, looks great in my daughter's room and is perfect for the memory foam mattress we had already purchased from Walmart. One thing I like is that stuff cannot get lost/shoved under the bed, dont use that space for storage anyway. It is sturdy and was not too hard to put together. It is actually the second one that I have purchased. I would recommend this product.nice for the price
My husband and I love this bed....not just for its comfortability, but also for its uniquesness and style. The price isn't bad either. Thanks Walmart!A Well Enjoyed Product!
Just received this yesterday. Recieved it in about a weeks time. So I got it faster than expected. Not hard to put it together. Just follow the directions and pay attention to the marked letters on the wood pieces. I did it by myself too so it shouldnt take you more than an hour and a half. It looks great and actually has a lower profile than the pic. I made a leather headboard and it looks awesome with the platform bed. Good price good product good guy. Nothing bad to really say about it.Cool
Great looking, fits nice in a small room. makes my mattress feel so much better.

not real easy to assemble, lots of part.

otherwise i love it once it was done.Nice looking, tough to assemble
Easy to put together when using directions. Looks great when finished. Very functional with the drawers.South Shore Platform bed with storage
This bed looks great and was easy to put together. It is sturdy and will last a long time.good value
I have owned the full size version of this bed and decided to 'upgrade' to the queen; the decision was well worth it. As the title reads, it is truely a great bed for those who are on a budget. Overall it's sturdy and has a decent chik look.Great look on a budget
1. Assembly is NOT hard!! I put this together by myself in 1 hour and 45 minutes. The thing that took the longest was the molding.

2. This raises your mattress a great deal off the floor. I can't wait for my 6 inch memory foam that is on the way.

3. The finish and look is awesome!

4. Wal-Mart customer service was excellent in helping me solve a delivery problem.

5. I will never go back to a bed frame again.

6. The directions indicate not to use a drill, but I did and it was very helpful.

I would recommend this product to anyone!I'm In Love!
With flat board base I sleep better now. Bought it for guest room but ended up using it for myself.Great Decent simple looking bed
Very good product, I brought it to fix up an extra bedroom.... it was urbanized, smooth and comtemporary! I would recomment to anybody!Very Great value!
This was an amazing thing I found. No hassles of box springs etc. That was a great relief. I always loved a low set bed. It was perfect. It looks urban & compact.

There are 2 things I wish they had:

1. A simple head board should have been a great addition to it.

2. They could have used little space to accommodate a little storage.

Otherwise this product is AMAZING.A really cost effective cot
its a must but for many looking for a strong and comfortable bed, it took about 1 1/2 to put together and with the memory foam mattress we got for it it has been amazing!!!!A wonderful product for the price!!!
This platform bed frame is very nice for the price, very sturdy, and easy to follow set-up directions. Took about an hour maybe a little less to build completely. So overall, very good deal on this.Worth the Money!
I purchased this product for my teenage daughter. She wanted a platform bed and this was the right price! When we picked it up from the store it fit in our minivan, but I don't think the box would have fit in anything other than a truck or van. It definitely takes two strong people to lift the box. I unpacked everything and started putting it together on my own. It was such a cinch, I was wondering to myself what the catch had to be! Everything went well until we got to the rails=no pre- drilled holes! I don't know if they were supposed to be there and it was a screw up or if thats the way they are. Anyways I had to call in the husband to help. We got the rails done and I must say this bed is AWESOME! Sturdy and looks great! I am very satisfied!Great for the money
i love it, its the best bed i have ever got.great
This product was very easy to transport although alittle heavy. (Suggest you have at least one helper) It fit into my mothers station wagon with ease. When we opened the box, all the parts were well marked and easy to identify. Assembly went very smoothly. My brother and I spent about 1 1/2 hrs. totall and this included us stopping once and just chatting!! It's a very good bed especially for the price. I am not sure I would purchase this if I were larger in stature or had children who might try to play on it. But if all you need is a basic bed for one or two of average proportions then it is well worth it. Looks great too!!!So easy a kid could do it!!
Great teen bed.....just what she wanted!great bed for the $
I love it!! Very modern! No more rolling bedframes. Very easy to put together.Excellent
I liked the look of it the second that I SAW it, and when I read the other reviews on it I was only a LITTLE hesitant. But when u're on a limited budget you dont have alot of options. This bed was real easy to put together, it looks PHENOMONAL, and I love every aspect of it! Positively a great buy for a great price!LOVE THIS BED!!
I purchased this for my son. He loves it. The bed is made out of particle board, but looks great. I ordered the Parson's table to match it and they look great together.Platform Bed
love this bed. it looks great, good value. the bed arrived with no scratches or marks. we do recommend laying out all pieces before getting started.my husband and I put it together in about an hour and 20 minutes and we are not construction inclined. I would buy this bed again.
we did site to store shipping.love product
I bought this for my daughter, a new homeowner, along with the memory foam mattress. Both the mattress and box bed were perfect choices for a young person starting out. She picked them out and she is very happy with her choice. She states the memory foam mattress is very comfortable and placed on a box bed eliminated the cost of purchasing a box spring mattress.Great Value for Young Homeowner
I purchased this bed for my son and his wife and had it shipped to California. They are both elated and very satisfied with it. My son said it took him about two hours to assemble and without any problems. It is very steady and for the price, can not be beat. The appearance is surpassed the amount that was paid and looks as good, if not better than the picture on the website. I would definitely recommend this product.REALLY SURPRISED ME
We just moved and being on a budget, this was a great buy! It is Beautiful!

The box it's shipped in is quite heavy though. I (female) picked it up from the store by myself. A worker had to help me get it into my car. And when I got home it sat in the garage for a few days 'til the beau was able to move it and get it put together.Beautiful!
The board that goes at the very back (near headboard) is laminated on the inside (the surface you cannot see). I would have appreciated if it was laminated outside. I am keeping my platform bed in the middle of the room, and the unfinished surface looks really bad.

It will not be an issue for those of you who are keeping the bed adjacent to a wall. Overall, its an excellent value for money product. Assembly was easy, and instructions very clear. The box is very heavy, so make sure you have 2 people to carry it in. UPS guy was very helpful in that regard :)Good value for money, except for a minor flaw
I was looking to scale down from my large waterbed frame to something more compact. I looked on line at alot of sites and found this product to look just at nice as the more expensive platform beds. It was delivered earlier than the expected date, and the assembly was a breeze. You do need two people assemble the frame, we did not have any problem alining the screw hole as described in some other reviews. We looked at the diagram and followed the pictures and words, it went together very nicely. It looks great. I may even purchase the night stand.A better than expected product
Assembly was smooth and product looks great and reliable.Good product
The bed is awesome! It went together real fast. It's a great price. I couldn't believe how quickly it came to the store. It got there a lot fast then the time it said it would on the site. I was a little scared about it being okay when I saw it in the store because the box was ripped and had a few torn corners on the box and the pieces were exposed. But everything was okay and I had no problem putting it together in a short time. It goes great with the 8inch Memory foam queen mattress. Def a great bed for the price.Amazing Bed!
Priced right, no issues to report.Very happy with it!
The assembly on this bed will take two people and will come together in less than an hour. It was very easy to assemble. No squeaks, feels sturdy, and is just the right height to where you can just fall onto your bed. I love it.Lookin' Good
its great bed i love it had it for almost a year. only thing was the platorm was not painted and i painted it black because it shows around matress.great bed
This is a great product for the price. Went together rather easily and is very stable. It would have been nice to have drawers on the bottom but aren't really needed (they have the same platform bed with the drawers for a little more money). I would recommend this product to my friends and family and actually already have!

I'll have to add a review in a few months to see how well it holds up!Great platform bed!
very good bed frame. sleep good everynight.best low profile bed on the market
Bought this item because of it being a platform and was a bit hesitant to do so because of the price compared to other higher end products of the same category but I am pleaseantly satisfied! Seems very durable (which is what I was most concerned about) and long lasting. I'm sure that, with all things, if you don't take care of it it won't last but I can see me holding onto this for years to come.Excellent value
This bed is great for someone on a tight budget.
You have to take your time putting it together. Once together , it is very sturdy.
It goes with all other bedroom furniture.
The only big problem will be once you put it together it will be difficult to move.Like my bed
...we just got out bed over the past week and i love it! ...is very cute and modern.! for those that can't understand the instructions well..i don't know ..they seem very clear for me and my boyfriend. The only thing you would need extra is a measuring tape since you need it around step 4 or 5 of the instructions.

The bed looks amazing...the only thing i would have to say i didn't really like is the inside part of the bed where the mattress goes...is not painted black and i shows once you accommodate the mattress..... we had to go get some spray paint.
But regardless, is a great bed of the price...and if you are in a budget will be perfect.Great product for the price!
We had a little difficulty with the assembly instructions, but once we resolved that, it was a breeze. It is great looking and a great value as well!Great looking
Ye so i bought it. I took me like 2 hours to put together....mind u i'm slow as turtle...but its good. Its more sturdy than I expected. I didn't like the last step to building the bed tho....you have to screw in 3 long panels in which the bed fit into.....i find it was difficult to screw the screws into the wood but when i was done it was all pretty good and worth the price. Its queen size so i really got my money worthIt was actually good.
Being six months pregnant, it's a bed that I put together with little to no help. Very easy assembly, clear directions. Adds very nice look to a modern room and is very sturdy. Love that the color is actually black and not espresso.Love it!
This platform frame is awesome and looks great!! Definitely need 2 people to put this frame together. Great buy!!Love it!!
I was pleasantly surprised at the quality of this platform bed for the price. It was a little tricky to assemble as the directions weren't as clear as we would have liked, but finally got it put together and it looks very good. It's pretty sturdy and fits in the limited space we had available in our bedroom.Better Than Expected
This platform was exactly as it described in the online specifications. It was here in less time than expected. Only thing I would change is making it a bit higher.Excellent!
I received the bed on time. I and my daughter where able to assemble the bed within an hour. (We are not handy) The bed looks like the photo.Great bed for the money
Purchased the full size platform bed last year and now just this month purchased a queen size. Fairly simple to assemble. would recommend to others. You can't beat the price.My second platform bed from Walmart
I just love this bed!! It's so stylish and makes any bedroom look a little more modern. I would recommend this product to everyone I know!Well Worth The Price
Ordered for our spare room. Looks great for the price and would recommend to others.Great for 2nd Bedroom
Great price. Easy to put together, even for one person. It seems very sturdy. Doesn't seem like it would move well. Be sure to put together where you want it set up. Looks nice.Very sturdy
Me and my husband just bought this bed and are really happy with it. It saved us money because we didn't need to buy a box-spring. That way we could spend more on a nice mattress. It took a bit for my husband to get it together but wasn't bad at all. It sits lower to the ground then I expected but I kind of like that now that I have gotten used to it. I love the way it looks too. If you want a bed skirt I don't recommend it with this bed. The comforter on my bed also goes over the sides so if you don't have a box-spring that is something that looks a little out of place. But if you tuck it all in it still looks nice.Really nice
I bought this bed back in the beginning of April 2010 for me and my boyfriend. I put it together, and had him help when I needed a part to stand up or something. It was a little time consuming, but it's to be expected for a bed, you wouldn't want to be able to put something you're going to sleep on every night together in ten minutes! But I've had mine for 9 months and it's holding up great!

One thing though...we live in an apartment on the 3rd floor.....I would NOT recommend you buying this if you have a lot of stairs to go up unless you have 2 STRONG men to carry it. That thing is HEAVY!Sturdy, would definately recommend!
Simple to put together. Sleek.Very Nice!
This bed worked out well for us, my son had a futon mattress he was not willing to part with. So we bought this and put the futon on top. Not exactly a perfect fit, but it works. BONUS: There is NO WAY that he is getting things stuffed under the bed as the frame goes all the way to the floor!

Was not really easy to put together and can't be sure how long it will hold up, but he is only at home a couple more years anyway.Good for $
easy to put togetherbed
Easy to put together, looks nice.Nice bedframe
After purchasing a "MILE HIGH" mattress...it looked ridiculous....we decided to try the platform frame from South Shore. It has a 10" raise and is PERFECT. It was super easy to assemble and looks AWESOME!WE LOVE THIS!!!
Great bed for the price,easy to put together and sturdy.Good value
This was exactly what the other reviews have said about it. Use ship to store so you do not pay shipping charges. My son had it together in a couple of hours.Platform bed
I read the reviews and was a bit hesitant to buy it, but I am glad I did. What a wonderful bed! It was not hard to put together and I did it by myself. If you have tools and can follow directions, you will have no trouble.Wonderful bed, very easy to put together
This bed requires to people to speed up the process and get it done, but in the end it's all worth it. The bed looks amazing in my room! I love it, it sleek, beatiful and best of all cheap! This bed is really worth it I recommend it to any who wants a low bed with a great look and at a cheap price!A beautiful bed
I do love this bed. It was heavy but easy to put together. Im a lady in her 50s and I done it alone in about 2 hours. The only problem I had was the rails. They weren't pre drilled and it was hard for me to get them screwed on.Great for the price
we loved this product, but is a time consuming job to build the bed! but it was in excellent condition.
I couldn't expect more for that price.excellent!
Assembly was fairly straightforward. Once assembled, bed looks fantastic and is really sturdy. No squeakies or anything! I've had this product for about a month and I am really satisfied. If I could change anything, I would have selected the platform bed with storage drawers and also a headboard. But for the price, this bed can't be beat!Great bed for the price
It was very easy to put together, it took about an hour. Looks great for the price. The only thing that I did not like was that it is way to heavy.Great!!!
Bed is great, price is ok too. It takes some time to assemble it though and it is not simple. The edge sticks out and I bump my leg once in a while. I have it over 1 year already and I am satisfied.Good deal
I moved from an apartment to a house and needed a bed. I like the look of this one- my husband put it together. My daughter and I had to carry the box from the apartment office to our apartment since the house wasn't ready yet. It is extremely heavy. The only problem I had was delivery.no bed frame needed
great! sturdy! easy to assemble, and it was cheap!amazing!
The product arrived on time. Although to move it youself, you will need help. It's very heavy in the box. For those of you who have not assembled furniture before I would suggest you finding someone who has. After reviewing the instructions, it did not seem to be complicated, if only the pieces of the unit were marked as the instructions indicated. The company failed to label each piece of the unit with its proper labeling, therefor I had to just review the instructions and sort the pieces according to the illistrations in the instructions, hence you need some one with experience in this matter. Other than this ocstacle, after it was assembled I was well satisfied.Good price, Good product.
My boyfriend was able to put this bed together in about 2 hours with a a minimal amount of cuss words! We would recommend this bed to anybody that was thinking of getting a platform bed.Great platform bed for the price!
For the price, this is great. Once it was put together it is very sturdy. It takes two people to move it as it is also very heavy. I would buy this again and feel no regrets about it. If you do order this, get it delivered to the house. The box weighs about 250 pounds and it is acquired to handle. You will need two people to move the box. My husband and I opened the box and just carried the pieces in individually.Better than expected
We bought the 8 inch memory foam with this and it is all super comfortable!! :)Perfect for a memory foam mattress!
I am thoroughly pleased with the purchase of the bed frame, I was a little iffy on whether or not it would be very sturdy but it has been absolutely wonderful. It is the perfect height and fits in my room very well, putting it together was slightly awkward, never do it alone, but with the help of a couple of friends it was up and ready within 20 mins.Excellent Bed
This item met all expectations..Sturdy and attractive..Exvellent value
This was a AWESOME bed set. Just wish I could find one in a king size now!!!LOVE THIS BED!!!
Perfect! The instructions were somewhat hard for me to follow, but with the help of my husband we got it done. It say not to use a drill but we picked up an electric screwdriver and it worked perfect! Yes its not a real high end bed but it was a great deal for the price. Received the bed quickly and had it put together in no time! The bed was a little bit bigger than our mattress but i dont mind as it makes sure the mattress isnt hanging over the edge! love it!Just what we were looking for!
This was part of our 18 year old's Christmas gift - and it was perfect for her. Easy to put together - under 30 minutes. Looks great - not sure how many moves it will endure but for now -it was an inexpensive solution to putting her mattress up off the floor.ScubaJill
This bed is really sturdy! I put it together myself - stated on the box you need 2 persons.
The corners are a bit sharp when you walk into them!!!
This product is Canadian made and was proud to purchase it! Although being a Canadian I was extremely disappointed to find out it was twice the price in Canada.

Thank you Walmart.com for a GREAT product.Fantastic Bed - GREAT price - Canadian made!
shipping site to store.. made this item easy to move upstairsI am impressed by the easy assembly, sturdy parts
Overall this is a really good bed. Would be better if it were made out of something other than particle board, but otherwise it's really good. It went together in about 2 hours as others have said and is sturdy. Together my wife and are happy with it as it gives us really firm support. It's easier to put together with a variable tension cordless drill as there are so many screws, just turn the tension setting really low as it doesn't take much to strip the screw out in the particle board.Good Bed
I purchased the bed and had it delivered to my home because of the size and weight. When the box arrived the driver placed the box in my dining room. I cut the box open and found that all the pieces were packed nicely and undamaged. After pulling all the pieces out I arranged them in the bedroom as they would be assembled. My seven year old and I had the bed put together in less than an hour...with help from our very curious cat. The bed is very sturdy and actually quite lovely to look at. There is room under the bed for storage but it is not easily accessible...to get to items stored you will have to lift the bed. I am storing seasonal decorations and other seldom used items under the bed right now. I bought a memory foam mattress to use with the bed and since it is easy to lift off the bed getting to the items is not difficult at all. The bed does lift pretty easily even with its heavy weight so retrieving the items isn't hard at all.
The instructions were easy to follow and there were plenty of screws. Also included is felt strips to protect hardwood or tile floor...I didn't use them because my bed sits on carpet. I would recommend this bed to anyone looking for a stable and sturdy bedframe...it is beautiful and very sturdy.exceptional value
Very Heavy Packaging that actually built my expectations. The only weakness is getting it wet.Very Strong Wood!
I wanted a simple platform bed to get my mattress off of the floor. I need to buy many other things for my house, so I decided to get a temporary bed and buy a nicer bed later. I chose the very simple Queen Platform bed from South Shore Basics as it was the least expenive bed I found. I followed the directions and it took a little over an hour to put it together. I didn't find the need to reinforce the bed. It is very sturdy and a great deal for the price. Now I can concentrate on the furniture in other areas of the house. If you are on a limited budget, this is an easy answer. I paid about $180.00 for the bed, shipping and tax.Can't beat it for the price.
Great bed..looks very nice after assembly.Very sturdy bed
I found this very easy to assemble by myself, except for lugging the pieces around. Also, I cheated and nailed the decorative railing on instead of screwing them in from the bottom, to avoid lifting the completed bed. It's very durable and holds a lot of weight. Nice looking, too.very nice
For the price, it's perfect. It was a bit difficult to put together, but it's a large project. We love it...Great
This was a perfect bed for us so we ordered it... Came in a day early via fedex...Super easy to assemble and extremely sturdy... My husband and I just love this piece of furniture!! Even Ikeas furniture isn't sturdy...We Absolutely Loved It!!!
Now that I'm actually sitting on this bed, I love it. I looks great in my bedroom...sleek, simple and very practical. It was a pain to put together at first, but once we got rolling it wasn't to bad. Def. a two person job. The instructions were great...very clear. I bought this on a rollback for $119 and so far it's worth every penny.took a while, but we got it
This bed was very easy to assemble! This was my first time building as large as this and the instructions were easy to understand.Very Easy to Assemble
The portion of the bed that the mattress sits on is not finished so anything smaller than a queen will not look good. Very well made. The Molding is hard to screw on but I'm a woman, I'm sure a man could do it easier and the pieces that the mattress sits on don't match up to the interior pieces they sit on but I got all the outside pices screwed in so the others won't move. All in all, very nice but lighter than I thought. However, it is the color in the picture. Very happyNice & sturdy
The base was easy to assemble. It is lovely and extremely well priced. I love that with this base it's not necessary to put on a valance.Sturdy and beautiful base
Nice looking, easy to assemble.Good value
Platform arrived within the shipping estimate with no issues. As others have stated, the box is very heavy. You will need a second person to move it. As a few others stated, you can put this together by yourself (without help from a second "recommended" person), but it takes some patience and effort. Especially attaching the platform trim. Having a second person and an electric screwdriver will make assembly much quicker and effortless.

Overall, I am very happy with the produce so far. I purchased it to use with a memory foam mattress. So far I am very happy with the combination.Good quality for price
Easy to assenble and very supportive. Great purchase experience!Love the frame, easy to assenble
Solid bed. Great Price! Easy to put together and it holds my 380lb self. lol With out worry. Love the color and the finish! Overall Great ProductLoving the South Shore Line
This sucker is 125lbs and is about 7-8 ft long. Keep that in mind if your going up 3 flight of stairs.
Putting it together was a cinch until you screwed on the siding. The instructions tell you to insert screws underneath (so your on your back). If you don't have power tools (i.e. ME) then its takes a lot of muscle to screw in all 14.

Other than that, the mattress is not on the ground and was a decent price.Simple, gets the job done and looks nice
This bed is simple (no headboard) but is solid, easy to assemble and sturdy. If you want a no frills platform bed that looks good, this is the one. It is very heavy, but Walmart will deliver it directly to your house FOR FREE! Great deal. We bought the same bed several years ago and had the same great opinion.Best inexpensive platform bed around
I love my South Shore Platform bed ! It had clear, simple directions. I followed step by step and Wa-La ! I already recommended it to family and friends. AWESOME PURCHASE.Great Product
After three times of aligning the bed and boards, we survived that. Then the trim. Two men, yes, two women, NOT so easy. BUT we did it! YEAH! and you can too. So worth the work we put into it. Very happy with the platform bed.Worth the challenge!
A great bed! It doesn't use a box spring. However, we used two mattresses to lift it just a little. Its simply amazing!!!AWESOME
its a mustGreat
sturdy piece great for a first time platform bed. great value for the money.Great for the money
I really do like this bed! It's plain and simple. You can dress it up with a stylish comforter. It's low to the ground just how I like it! I had bought a 10" Foam mattress to go on it, so far so good! My kids call it "The Japanese bed"! This bed is very heavy. I recommend for two people to actually carry this bed into your home. It took me and my two teenage sons to lift the box....we ended up pushing the box all the way to our apartment. Besides the bed being heavy....I'll give it two thumbs up!!Works For Me
This platform fits the requirements... simple clean lines that make your mattress "float".
If you like that look you'll be pleased with this bed.
Once assembled it is sturdy, no worries about that.
The directions should be clearer.
The side molding should be per-drilled like the other holes but they are not.
Marking the spots to drill with a screw helps.
Even thought the instructions say don't use a power drill/screw driver, I used one on a low setting to attach the platform pieces once all the screws were placed in their holes, and it made things quick and easy.Repeat Purchase We Are That Happy With It
I and my husband wanted a new bed frame and instead of getting the regular bed rails we found this, first off the shipping was fast. It took my husband about an hour to put together, a power drill helps. I really am happy that the boards did not come shipped broken. I was worried after reading some of the negative reviews, but over all everything worked out great. I did order a matching head board but that won't be here until Monday but I do recommend this bed frame to anyone and the for the price it is worth it. :)Very happy Happy
Great bed. A pain to put together especially for one personGreat bed
I received this platform bed before the estimated arrival date. It did take 2 FedEx men to carry it in as it weighs 145lbs. I carried it upstairs to my room piece by piece. I followed the instructions and from start to finish took myself (1 person) 2.5 hours. The hardest part was the last part screwing the rails on because they did not have screw holes. All the pieces were there and the boards were in good shape. It is a very sturdy frame. I think it may be a pain if I ever have to move, but for now it does its purpose.Better than expected :)
its exactly like the picture. read the instructions and you'll be fine. its best to figure out which piece is which before putting it together. It"ll probably take an hour or so to put together.what you see is what you get.
I bought this queen size bed, I had been looking at then at rooms to go, badcock, sears, all kinds of places and they were all over 300 dollars! So I googled platform bed and Walmart came up and I seem the price, ordered right away! Shipping was free to the store! They text me when it arrived at Walmart. I went and picked it up without a problem! It was very easy to put together! I'd recommend this bed to anyone! It's also beautiful in my room! Ill deff buy more furniture from Walmart!Great bed for a low price
I had a canopy bed that I hated. I wanted a platform bed and I saw this bed on the website and not only was it the style I was looking for but the price grabbed me. I'd been everywhere looking for a nice bed for a nice price I'd been on many sites. This bed was easy to put together and its perfect in my bedroom, Walmart has the best price for a good bed and I've recommended Walmart website to everybody.Great bed for a Great price
We really like the bed, it is very sturdy. It was heavy, so I'd recommend two people to pick it up. Also important to follow instructions. The only part that was a little difficult was the last part with the outside borders, there are no pre-drilled holes in it, so you need a drill bit, and something to lift it up off the ground, so that you can get the drill under there... It took us maybe 45 minutes to put together. The end result is great. The only part I'd change is that the base part of the bed shows from under the mattress, and it is not colored black, so you see the composite wood. I like the frame better then the ikea platform type because the platform part is solid and sturdy. Hope this helps.Nice looking bed, didn't take long to put together
It took me and a friend about 30 minutes to put it together, the instructions is clear. The bed look exactly like the picture, it feel very sturdy. Over all I am very happy with this product, its cheap and the quality is good. I read many bad reviews about it, but I'm glad I give it a try and purchase this product.good price, sturdy, easy to assemble.
It looks exactly like the picture. Very simple yet stylish. My boyfriend didn't like it how it was made with composite wood material but when we both assembled it, it's very very sturdy especially once the bed was in place. Our bed is very heavy too. If you have a house or a permanent place, this is very nice to have but if you only have an apartment and moves around a lot, this piece of furniture is heavy and may be inconvenient. Lots of screws we had to screw in so it's a hassle to take them apart again. Good for a permanent place! I would recommend this platform to everyone!EXCELLENT PLATFORM!
I bought this recently because I grew tired of our bedroom. My husband assembled it. I got it for free shipping and good thing the fedex guy was helpful enough to bring it up to our apartment. It's a bit heavy (140 lbs). Overall, I would recommend this product. Must buy. Worth it for the price as well as how it looks.Must buy for those who wants to elevate their bed
My wife was so proud an happy. She loves it.happy
I recently bought this bed and I love it. The only two things I have to say is it is pretty low to the floor which is what I wanted but not everyone likes that and it looks higher off the ground in the picture then it really is. The other thing is that I know in the directions it says not to use a power drill but if you know how to use a power drill responsibly and correctly then do yourself a favor and use it because this bed is really hard to get together otherwise. My husband and I put this together and it took us about two hours but with a power drill it probably would have only taken about thirty minutes you waste a lot of time and energy hand screwing all of the screws in when it is not nesseccary. All in all great bed and very comfortableGREAT BED
Reality is, it's cheap so don't expect flawless. I ran into a slight alignment issue on one corner, not huge nor noticeable once bed was made, I'm a perfectionist though. I easily fixed with wood filler and black craft paint. Totally unneeded, my husband thought I was crazy. I actually put together myself for my sons room, took about an hour. I own a renovation and design company so I'm familiar with tools and putting things together. The instructions were very clear and easy to read. That said, I am use to high end results, high quality finishes, this surpassed my expectations. I am blown away with the finished look. I have high end taste but a realistic approach, why pay an absurd amount of money for a simple platform bed it's an eight year olds room. This achieved the same look had I paid 800. I am known to mix high end with cheap random finds, this is one of them, very pleased!Fabulous for price!
Be prepared to put this big boy together. Not a walk in the park. But once you assemble it your going to want to reward yourself for all the effort.Solid Platform
The bed is very sturdy and a great size. It's a perfect product!Great Bed
Easy to put together, my husband and I put it together in about an hour. It's a very sturdy bed and it looks great!Great basic platform bed!
Ive always wanted a platform bed and now I have one. Really easy to put together but parts are very heavy. Very sturdy, strong, no creeks. SUPER! Looks great with the south soho headboard.Outstanding
easy to put together and looks niceNice bed
My son who is 24 put this together in less than an hour. He is 6 ft. 4 in. This is sturdy enough for him to lay down comfortably. Nice product!easy to assemble
the product was defective.....1) screw whole were not drilled as indicated in the instructions.
2) the pieces did not line up properly.
3) the pieces were bent and not flat.

If my husbands friend was not a carpenter, we would not have been able to put this platform bed together, as we made many adjustments just to get the pieces to fit. It was easier to to that then to pact this enormous package up again and sent it back to Walmart. Although this was very inexpensive...the old adage that you "get what you pay for is very true in this case"
I would not purchase anything like this again from walmartproduct was defective
I thought it would come already assembled, but it was a breeze to assemble!!LOVE IT!!!
Be prepared - the weight of the box and pieces are heavy (160 lbs). Love the modern way it looked and it worked great with our foam mattress. The assembly directions said to put the bars around the edges on "last". The bed is already assembled by that time and it is hard and too heavy to do the final pieces....recommend you attach the finishing bars first. Also, our end piece was drilled incorrectly, so I don't have the black finish on the foot of the bed. Also, one piece (Item B1) did not have all the holes pre-drilled to attach to the frame. We had some issues and had to make some modifications, but I still gave it 5 stars because I like the bed. Maybe from this review, Wal-Mart can contact the manufacturer and correct some of the quality control issues.Nice bed and goes with a foam mattress real well
I love how my bedroom looks with this new plat form I bought ... I would totally recommended to a friend or family member and I would defectly buy this product again.. I'm soy happy how the set up and everything else turn out :)It is a great product for the price !
Great product and at a very afforable price. Very satisfied. Easy to order online, efficient pickup and great customer service. I will use this option again and recommend to friends.I am enjoying my South Shore Queen Platform Bed.
I love the bed, I just found it to be very difficult to put together.Very Nice bed
I bought this for my daughter spare room and put a air mattress on it and it was really solid. The frame was square and supportive.
I would buy another if I need to.sturdy... solid
Product is exactly as pictured and looks nice.Great
This platform bed was just what I was looking for. Easy to assemble and looks great.Great Value
My boyfriend and I put this together ourselves with little effort. Its looks stylish and is very sturdy. We love it.Awesome
Love this bedAmzing
Daughter recenty bought a small house for herself and her college age son. She wanted new furniture and her budget was tight. We looked at Walmart online rather than a furniture store and discovered they had some very nice choices of affordable furniture. The catch was you have to assemble it yourself. We used site-to-store and free-to-home delivery and saved $$$ this way. They had no problems with damages and furnished her son's room, the liviing room and dining area with solid, great looking furniture. She's a do-it-yourself mom and between her son, his friends and herself, they dug out the electric screwdriver and went to work. I'm impressed with them and Walmart! Who'd have thunk it! We bought too much stuff for a smaller bedroom so they have to rearrange a few things, but it's all great.Solid, good looking, affordable
easy to put together . great value. very happy also so comfortablegreat frame
delivered earlier than it was stated 5 days it was a great surprise and most welcome and is worth the moneysolid as a rock
Overall it looks good but I think in the picture it looks better that was my only thing. it doesn't look bad I just thought it would've look a little better than what it does. Other than that shipping was on time! the wood looks pretty durable, and Im just really excited to finally have a bed! Also to set-up its very easy instructions but it does take a little of time of you can get someone to help you I think it would be a lot easier and faster. It took my husband about 2 and a half hours and he did it all by himself.Great economical bed
Love this bed, great product, great price, easy to assemble.Great bed easy to assemble!
Looks great we purchased 2 for our daughters roomsLove it
The bed frame came very well packaged and arrived in a very timely manner(3 days). However, the instructions were not included anywhere in the packaging. We tore the entire box apart and found nothing. Our search for instructions online also turned up nothing. Luckily the bed frame was easy enough to assemble that after a few tries we figured out where the pieces went and got it together. Overall, I am very happy with the product. It is exactly what I was looking for and very very nice looking. Please note the chocolate brown is VERY dark (almost black). I liked it, but others may not.Amazing product overall.
Bought this bed for my teen daughter - she loves it! We purchased the bed, online, on a Monday and the bed arrived by Friday. It took about an hour or so for both of us to assemble the bed - not too awful.

Great value! I saw the same bed listed on other websites for at least $100-$200 more, plus shipping.Great Bed
This was very easy to put together and looks nice.easy assembly
Very comfortableJust what I needed
Great material and very heavy didn't realize that it was heavy but very beautiful. Love it!!!Great BedFrame
I bought this for my son and he loved it. A bit difficult to put together but it was worth it!Great for single guys!
The instructions were not so great. That being said, I installed the molding backwards on purpose - the bed is up against a log wall and I needed to be able to access the electrical outlets. Plus, the extra overhang at the top provides the perfect place for the kitties to hide!Good, sturdy platform bed
Like the style and comfort this bed provides. Bought numerous beds before, but the mattress and all is really nice. It even makes the room look good and everyone wants to get on it.Make me want to stay in Bed
LOVE IT!!!Comfy Sleeping
GreatNice firm bed
VERY EASY TO PUT TOGETHER, VERY STURDY, AND LOOKS VERY GOOD. VERY HAPPY WITH THIS PURCHASE ND RECOMMEND IT TO EVERYONE! :)VERY NICE!
This is a fantastic value for anyone starting out in an apartment or new home, however be prepared to have at least two people when assembling and be very patient with this process. Pieces are not clearly marked and you must take your time when sorting and matching pieces to the instructions. While the design appears to be modern it does fit in with most other types of decor because it is subtle. Be sure to place as close to where the bed with stay permanently as it is difficult to move. Included in the extra pieces are adhesive pads to protect bare flooring. Once the set up is complete a very good product.Great for the price, difficult to assemble
After reading reviews I didn't know what to expect, but we are very happy with the bed. It is exactly what we needed. We are using it with an 8 inch gel foam mattress and I was worried about using a wooden slat type platform. So that's why we chose this bed with its solid wood platform. Yes this bed is made out of MDF (particle board) and it is very heavy, but any all affordably priced furniture is. The same bed made from a premium hardwood would have a cost many times higher than this unit does. With that being said, I found this bed to be very easy to assemble when following the very minimal instructions it came with. It was very well packaged to protect the parts. And the end result was a clean design and very sturdy bed. Others had said that holes didn't line up and they had to drill more holes, I found none of that to be true. If you allign the peices the way they were designed everything fits perfectly. We have moved it around the bedroom multiple times and she is holding together perfectly, but due to the nature of particle board furniture I am not sure how well it would hold up to a true moving of locations but that is a known problem with this type of material. I think it will hold up for many years in the room it was built in. All in all I am very happy with this bed and even happier with the price as well as free shipping so I didn't even have to load it in the car.Great cheap platform bed!!!!
I brought this bed before but I had to send it back because I was moVing out of town. I just moved to my new apartmentjust what I wanted
i really love the platform bed my granddaughters really enjoy sleeping on it my 10 year old granddaughter even enjoy it more putting it together with her grandpa she said it was so easy to put together that ,and i love the delivery time it took a lot less time than what it say and right at the door love that service keep up the great work T.Ggreat item for kids ages 7 to 10 .
The color comes a lot darker(almost black looking) then the picture.Great bedframe for the price.
If you are not looking for anything fancy, this is a great option. My boxspring was going out and I was sick of buying box spring after box spring. This elimates all the headaches. I went ahead and bought a really good mattress along with this sturdy platform bed frame, makes a good combo.

It took me about an hour to setup ( without power tools ) . It would of went a lot faster with two people. I have hit my legs on the corners a few times already :( however, thats my fault lol )

If you do site to store.. I would recommend bringing someone with you because this package is about 130 lbs of dead weight. Good luck shopping!Awesome Bed!
This is the best platform out there. It's amazing. It's sturdy and really heavy. I wouldn't by anything else.Best Platform out there.
At first, the product was not as expected. After 2 days, it became hard and good for resting.the product is good for its price
Nice platform bed. If you need a lower to the floor bed ths is perfect. Our dog is happier.Easy to put together
Good quality. Not very easy to assembleGood quality
First of all, this came way sooner than the estimated arrival date. We had gotten a new mattress and were waiting for this to arrive to put it all together, it arrived while my husband was at work and I wanted to put it together and surprise him when he got home. The box says you need two people to assemble, I did not find this to be difficult to put together at all. I took everything out in the garage and brought pieces in when I needed them. It took me less than an hour all together. It also says not to use a drill, use a drill. The molding around the top was the hardest part because the holes are not pre-drilled. At the end of the day this is a very nice platform bed for the price. We are very happy with our purchase.Good quality for the price
this was one of the better ideas my husband and i have ever made. We hope to buy some twin ones.I love the platform
The instructions to put it together couldn't have Been more simpler and YES you will need 2 people. The wood finish is beautiful. I just love it.I love it!
So this box was extremely heavy(136lbs which i was able to lift but couldn't get it in the door alone) so I had to open it at the door and bring in the pieces one by one, but no big deal. I was able to build this bed frame alone and I am a 5'1 120 pound girl...but I am extremely good at building things. A lot of comments said the directions were really confusing and hard, but just look at the pictures and align the holes to the what the pictures show...I was able to build it in less than 2-3 hours alone. The bed is very sturdy. The one thing I get a little uncomfortable doing is sitting on the edge because there is like 6 inches of ledge with no support so I am afraid the edge will snap off and break, but that's just me being extra worried and careful because there isn't any actual indications that that will happen. Also it looks very nice! I put a canopy around mine so you can't really see the frame but I love the lowness coming from a higher bed frame. In would have liked The bed frame to have more support. When I was building the frame I remember thinking the frame wasn't that much only like 6 pieces of wood. 4 for the frame outside and 2 pieces that go in the middle for support. But then four heavy pieces of wood lay on top of that tiny 7 piece frame. But I have no problems...very sturdy like i saidlove it! but...
I love the ease of putting it together and how it makes my bed look great!Perfect!
Its gooooooodbed frame
Easy to put together. Sturdy. Stylish.I like it
Very simple, doesn't take much space, easy to install.Good bed
The platform bed was easy to assemble and did not take too long to do. We love it!Easy to assemble
Easy to assemble and it looks great!Great bed!
tHIS BED IS SO COMFORTABLE. I WAS ACTUALLY REALLY HAPPY TO THROUGHT THE OLD BOX BED OUT AND RAILS OUT. I COULD NEVER GO BACK TO ANOTHER RAIL AND BOX BED UNDER ME MATRESSI lOVE IT
perfect for a room with a slanted ceilingI love this bed.
more than satisfied.very helpful
I'm happy!

The product was as expected - it went together easily, except the rails were a little confusing... I didn't know where the felt was suppose to go but it was nice they included it!?

The product was heavy and well packaged... the driver could not carry it by himself and thought by the time he got to my doorstep it would be damaged at the bottom but it was fine do to good packaging.Received on time and as expected
The items where heavy to lift but once the boxs where open it was not hard at all too put together.Love the look and the style of it ,,not hard at up
I REALLY LIKE THE LOOK OF THE BED. THE SET UP WAS NOT TO BAD BUT YOU MAY NEED A POWER DRILL AND AN EXTRA PERSON FOR HELP.GREAT FOUNDATION
Installation was easy, the trim is a little pain by yourself but not hard. The bed is sturdy and does look nice for the price. I did some practice belly flops on it and jumped around, with the mattress on it of course. I recommend to anyone if you are buying do it yourself furniture, always carry wood glue for back up. If a screw keeps spinning, dab some glue in there and screw the screw back in, good to go.Item as described
great buy for teen daughter. she loves itgreat buy teen daughter
Found this product remarkable strong! My boyfriend is a big guy and was worried that it would not hold us and our extracurricular activities. But it did and was very impressed he was also. It's a little bit of work putting it together. But well worth it after it's done.Sturdy
very good product, the packing was excellent, not even a scratch love it thankswe love it
My only complaint is it is so heavy. When delivered to my home, it was raining out and the delivery guy even had a hard time getting it out of his truck and to my door, then I had a hard time getting it inside. Set up was easy and went quickly. I love how sturdy it is and the look was exactly what I expected.Happy with it overall.
One of the better bed support there issleek design more comfortable
My children love to jump in the bed and this bedframe is durable and perfect for just that. I even jumped in the bed when I put it together. Plus there is no box spring needed. Very supportive.Easy setup, nice heavy wood, great product
Great product for an excellent price with site to store shipping. However the shipping was slow. I ordered the platform four days before I ordered my new memory foam mattress and I received the mattress two days before the platform which is not the way I wanted everything to work out.Great product for a great price
Because of the height of this bed platform, a mattress box spring set is not necessary. I used the 8" memory foam mattress with this bed platform, and I have had the best sleep in many years.A great bit of furniture
I found it easy to set up and it looks great, I put my memory form mattress on it and its a great night rest. I did not get a headboard with it so I hung a painting and it looks great. I would recommend it to anyone.Excellent for value
I brought this platform for my teenage son, and he loves it!Good platform be
Shipping: AMAZINGLY FAST!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!My bed arrived in 6 days.

After the bed was put together, I truly thought it was better than I expected. It is very sturdy.
Had a slight issue with aligning the top support panels until I used the blocks that were provided in the toolkit. Overall, for the price, I couldn't have made a better decision.Nice Bed for the Price
Love the bed. Easy to set up and great to sleep on.Love It
Absolutely love the choice. Fits just right in my bedroom to make my portraits stand out yet the bed stand out as well!Very Simple Yet Fancy!
worth the moneysolid piece
Love itGreat platform bed
This queen-sized platform bed took my husband and me 45 minutes to assemble. We spent more time attempting to figure out what the instructions were saying than actually working on the project. We did not need to drill additional holes or do anything special, other than setting the bed up on its end to attach the side rails. We may go back and drill a couple of holes on the middle supports since they are attached by dowels only and there is just enough "play" in the MDF that those support could fall out if the bed were picked up by its sides.

All in all, for $138, this platform gives better support than a box spring and it is less expensive than most. It looks nice, is decent quality for do-it-yourself furniture and came with everything needed to finish the assembly (other than a screwdriver).Simple assembly, nice bed for the price
Feel like im sleepin on airgood products
My mattress fit perfect. the derections are easy to follow and all of the product was nice and nothing was missing.very nice product
Love my new bedvery easy to put together
Some pieces were very heavy but for a reason......needed both of us sometimes. But it turned out beautiful and just what I wanted.Beautiful
Great for the price and easy assembly!Great Value
The instructions were a little confusing because some of the parts were not labeled. We had a lot of figuring out to do. The top layer (where the bed lays) isn't furnished. Which is a good thing because the bed stays in place, and doesn't slide around. But since it's a lighter color, it stands out when it isn't being completely covered by the bed.Sturdy and nice quality for its price
In the description it says no foundation required but when you get the platform, the bed sat so low to the ground that i was displeased with how it appeared. So i bought a box spring foundation to make my matress sit higher and look like a regular bed. Although the description did state how many feet off the ground your bed will sit, it went over my head. But if you like the low bed effect this bed will be perfect, otherwise get a box spring mattress to give your bed height. Loved it though!very sleek and beautiful
We have used this Queen sized bed for 2 years now and it is very strong and sturdy...we both are heavy people and I was worried that bed might not handle us for long, and it has been 2 years still sturdy...even we have two big labs and they both sleeps with us...I am very much happy and amazed by this produce.

It took about an hour for me and my husband to fix the bed when we first got it, but other than that, everything about this bed is more than expected...will recommend to everyone...great price for great product.Great bed very sturdy and great price
We have a great new mattress, and this bed goes perfect with it. It took a good while to get it together. Some of the holes seem to be wrong, but it's right just don't look like its setting right at first (lol). I love this bed! My fiance always liked his mattress on the floor and I always thought that kind of looked trashy, and this is something he accepts, and loves as well. So glad I purchased this bed, it's awesome!!! Can't wait to get some matching furniture as soon as I can afford it! :)Love this bed!!!
We were a little weary based on reviews on it, but it arrived before it was supposed to, it was packaged very well, and it was not too difficult to assemble.Great Bed For The Price
Excellent product, delivery and comfortExcellent product, delivery and comfort.
Excellent value. Looks great, once assembled. The instructions are a bit tough to get through. Extra hardware is provided - don't let that throw you.A little tricky to assemble, but worth it.
Love it! Was pretty easy to put together and looks great in my room.LOVE
Well pleased. However, except for the pre-drilled holes for the trim boards, none of the other pre-drilled holes came anywhere near where you needed them. I can only assume that the flat boards that came with the bed are used for other beds which would explain the holes that didn't align where needed for this bed.Looks great, sturdy.
Directions could be more detailed, but once you figure them out and get the bed assembled, it looks good and is sturdy, meaning it doesn't squeak, lean or shift when you roll over.Sturdy and pretty, once assembled.
Really liked the bed. takes a bit long to assemble it but end result is good.nice bed and good looks
I always wanted a platform bed. Everything was in the box and ready to set up. It took me and my boyfriend to do it together and we had screwdrivers. I would recommend a electric screwdriver to put it together faster. It wasn't hard to screw all the screws in with just screwdrivers, it just took awhile, even with the both of us doing it.I always wanted one
Really easy to set up was worried it wasn't going to be sturdy but it's greatawesome
The only down fall it's pretty low to the ground. I advised to get a box spring with mattress. Very comfortable. This is my 2nd platform bed. Pain in the butt putting together.Excellent platform bed
Nothing negative to say about it. Satisfies the need.
Requires some effort to set up. Needs 2 people a couple of hours of dedicated effort to set it up. Ensure you have a good philips screw driver before you start with the activity.Good value!
I live alone so assembly took a little extra ingenuity (using weights and blocks to hold the frame together while driving screws), but it came together well. The only change I'd recommend is perhaps to add pilot holes for the screws to make sure everything's lined up straight. The parts are particle board so driving a screw at a bad angle or too far off center could easily split a board. Mine came out fine, though, and I'm happy with my purchase.Completely Satisfied
Love the bed !!! It's deffinately worth . Set up was a peice of cakeAwesome
I would recommend two people to put this together. It is sturdy and very heavy after assembly. Watch your shins around the corners!!!!Good Platform.
The bed was here in 5 days and was super easy to put together took all of about 15-20 mins!!Plat from bed great buy and fast shipping!
I have owned this for a week now, no problems at all with it. Easy to put together, would recommend to anyone!Does what it needs to do.
It gives the room a nice contemporary look. There's no need for a box spring or metal bed frame. It's very sturdy, easy to assemble, and does not look cheap. Home delivery was free. You can't beat that! It would have been tough to pick up at my local Walmart, since the single box weighed 130 pounds and was almost 7 feet long. The Fedex driver put it in my garage, so I could open the box and take a few boards at a time to the bedroom. The instructions recommend 2 people assemble it, but even though I'm 67 years old, I did it myself with no problem. I have platform beds in my 2 guest bedrooms for when family and friends visit.No box spring or bed frame needed
Awesome product, my guests love it. Would def buy again!Great item
The bed was easy to assemble and was together in no time. Thanks for offering a quality product at a affordable price.Deceptively Simple
Upon delivery I was unable to lift the box. It ways a ton. I had to i package it and carry each piece upstairs. I assembled the bed easily within 30 minutes. It seems like it's not going to fit together, but if you follow the directions every piece fits together correctly. If it doesn't you probably have it backwards. Once it is all assembled and the mattress is on it, it looks great. It has a very modern look.Great platform bed great price
The Mattress Pad works real good and I am so pleased that I would definitely recommend this product to someone else."My Favorite Mattress Pad"
Assembly tool some time, but the result is a perfect. No doubt in buying again if i need a platform again.Very satisfied
I love this bed I just wish it hadn't been so difficult to buildNice bed...hard as heck to put together
Okay. I moved to an apartment and about two months later had bedbugs. The bugs were in my box spring. The exterminator treated the apartment , wrapped the mattress in a bed bug cover, but I had to throw out the box spring. Not wanting to purchase another full bed, I researched platform beds. This one was highly rated and within my budget so I pulled the trigger.

Ordered it 12-29-14 and it came today 1-2-15. (I headed the review's that said to used the free shipping option because this weighs in around 160 lbs.) The Fedex guy and myself were able to lug it up the flight of stairs to my apartment. Now for putting the bed together. I am not a handy man by any stretch of the imagination. The instructions were clear and easy to understand. I told my self to take my time. Well 2 hours later my new bed is up and ready.

Advice-
If you buy is at the Walmart store, bring a truck or an SUV and some helpers.A great buy!
Fast delivery and easy to set up. We are enjoying the new bed frame.looks great
This was everything I expected. For the price you can't beat it. It seems sturdy.This bed
It arrived on time ! Exact description ! And great communications ! I'll forever do business with you guys ! ThanksBuy a platform and you'll never have back problems
i am so happy to order this bed for my daughter very comfy and easy to set ...nice bed
I bought this bed for my 12 year old daughter. I thought it was easy to put together and it is very sturdy. Great bed for the price. She loves the bed and I was pleasantly surprised that it was as good as other reviewers had claimed. Thank You Walmart.Great bed
I bought this bed because of the reviews, and I am more than happy to add on mine.
This bed is amazingly soft. When I first opened it, it did have a slight chemical smell which went away after a day. It says to allow up to about 48 hours for full decompression, but after only an hour (if that), my bed was already up to 8" high.

I am very pleased with this mattress. My son has been over, and he is sold on it too. He will be getting one for himself as well.Very nice bed
I love this item. My mom helped me put it together. I took less than an hour. Very sturdy.go South shore for heaven
Every since I got this bed, I've been sleeping oh so lovely.Heaven in a bed
I am so happy I chose the South Shores Basics Platform bed. It works perfectly in our small guest room. Although you do need to constantly keep in mind the corners of the bed being in a tight space. I bumped my leg twice on the corners and now I just remember to not walk so close to the bed when making it.

Assembly was very simple and quickly went together. I may buy another one for my master bedroom.Very Satisfied
It was shipped a week before the expected delivery date. It was very easy to assemble. Bringing the box into the house was the hardest because it was extremely heavy so I had to have my neighbor help me bring it in. It's cute, simple, and is VERY sturdy. It doesn't creak or anything, which is a plus! Overall I'm more than satisfied with this product.Good Buy
My daughter just moved into a new apartment at college. This was perfect for her room. She said that it was very easy to put together.Dorm Furniture
I have always wanted a platform bed and I finally searched online to find one. I put this bed together all by myself, even though it says you need 2 people. However, if I had at least one more person my assembly time would have been cut in half for sure. It took me 2 1/2 hours to put together with a couple breaks here and there. Very pleased with the end result. Sturdy and great price!!Love this platform bed!
Easy to install. Very affordable. Looks greatGreat Product
Me and my husband both have knee problems we were looking for a bed that was not so high that we had to lift ourselves into. This bed is perfect siting height and lookes great so much easier on our knees and my hip.Great bed
I did this with a friend and it took about an hour for us to do it and that was even with a little snag. The part where your head will lie, make sure the finished part is actually faced inward, towards the inside of the "box" We had a little issue with that and was about to drill new holes in it, until we looked further in the instructions and realized that the finished part was faced inward instead of out. I wish there was some written instructions too, this is all done in pictures. Little "notes" would have been nice with it. A couple days later I found out that the bottom panel wasn't all the way pushed in. So, with some heavy pushing and maneuvering, was able to get it in. Had no problems with wholes not lining up, expect with the issue of not having that one part in the correct spot, so that might be some of the previous reviewers problem. Had one spot where a hole was screwed in deep enough, but that was easily fixed with just screwing it in. I also got a new mattress when I got this and the hard wood on the platform makes the bed very firm, when it isn't actually all that firm of a mattress. Though a box spring isn't needed, might suggest one. This bed is also low to the ground, have hit my shins on the platform a couple times because of forgetting it was there. Overall, very happy with it.Quick and Easy
I love this bed Frame it was easy to put together and is within a reasonable price range .Bed
Love the bed, easy to assemble, durable & went back to purchase a 2nd one for my son..Sweet Dreams
Worked well in the room.Love this bed frame!
My son wanted platform bed. I wanted good quality but he
Is a teenager so I didn't want to invest a ton. This bed fit the bill.
Took about 2 hours for me to put together but I did it on my own. I am sure with
2 people it would have gone faster. It's pressboard but the trim pieces
Give it the allusion of something better.Happy teen
A great looking bed...took me about an hour to put together....and shipped in about a week. I'd recommendgood buy
This bed was exactly what I was looking for. Great style and a good deal!Platform style
I love the way it looks in my room and it was funny watching the delivery guy try to lift it without using a dolly (He thought he could do it) But me and my mom got it in the house and then read the instructions, it said it would take about 40 minutes to put it together, it took us about 2 hours to put it together and two of the little plastic pieces broke off but at that point we really didn't care. All in all its a nice bed frame and I'm glad to not be on the floor anymore. :)Nice but time consuming
I would recommend this product to anyone. It was easy to put together and suits the purpose. Looks great too.Happy,Happy, Happy
This item is a steal for the price! It was easy to put together, and the affordable price sealed the deal! We put it together with hand tools (as instructed) and it took a couple hours (maybe a little longer with breaks included!)Great!
Bought this bed about 6 weeks ago and very easy to put together. I did this myself and took about 1 hour. I love it...Awesome bed
I wanted a platform bed but didn't want to put out much money. This platform bed is a really good deal. Sturdy and no issues. Put my memory foam mattress on it and love my bed! Shipped faster than I thought too.Yes I recommend!
I admit I was a little nervous after reading some of the reviews, but it really was easy to put together. I didn't need help from anyone. It was a bit time consuming & may have been quicker had I owned an electric screwdriver.
It doesn't feel flimsy to me at all. I'm plus sized & I don't have any concerns about sleeping or having fun on my bed.
The packaging was really heavy, so I was glad for the free delivery option, because I live on the fourth floor. Whew!Super easy & simple
beautiful and modern one piece broke already but was easy to put togetherBeautiful and modern
I'm not a fan of fancy bed's that require a box spring...this platform is great quality and easy to assemble with minimum tools.Platform Greatness
A good change from having to deal with a box spring. Easy to put together too!Nice bed!
i purchased this frame for my room on march and arrived damaged and i contacted costumer service and immediately they sent for it and within 2 days i had a new one. at the beginning was skeptical because of the reviews it had but i love it it looks great it is been almost 3 months and doesn't make squeaky sounds looks so fancy and expensive for a low price!! and very easy to assemble. i will purchase a second one in the future for my guest room!great look for low price
Use everyday, looks awesome in my smaller room me and my girlfriend love it..good
Easy to assemble. As expected. Solid no creaking.Simple and sturdy
Good quality for the priceQuality
It sits as high as a futon bed if you purchase the 12.5 beautyrest mattress. It took about and hour by myself to put together but it was fine! If you do not mind putting things together, good purchase for the price!Good price!
It's coolits a good frame
Delivery was fast, item was correct same as pitcuregreat bed for a good price
1. NO CREAKING!!! Every other frame Ive had was unsteady and creaked like mad.
2. easy to make. soo soo easy
3. sturdier than the average frame
4. low hanging so my dog can jump up by himself every time rather than waking me up to bark at me to pick him up
5. NO CREAKING!!! (my biggest problem)No Creaking Easy To Make Bed Frame
Love it just add two mattress so it would be higher ....all and all love itNew bed New life
Very easy to put together, rapid servicePlatform
I was very skeptical about ordering online, after much research I decided to go with this bed. It was a quick delivery. AS far as putting it together.. the paper said 40 minutes.. yeahh it was like 2 hours. Its a great bed though. Nice an d sturdy. I would recommend to anyone.Love Love Love!!!
The Bed is fine..We Like it!!
THIS PLATFORM BED LOOKS GOOD, IS PRETTY STURDY, AND DOES THE TRICK. AS FOR PEOPLE WHO SAID THE CORNERS ARE SHARP, NOT SO, THEY ARE ROUNDED, AND ONCE YOU PUT A COMFORTER, OR QUILT ON IT, YOU DON'T EVEN SEE THE SIDES. I BELIEVE FOR THE MONEY IT DOES WHAT IT'S SUPPOSED TO DO. SUPPORT A MATTRESS, AND LOOK CLEAN LINED.
]GOOD PRODUCT FOR THE MONEY
It a bed you must need a box spring specialy if your tall. It's really low to to the groundtoo short
well it was hard for me n my roommate to put together until i got my brother and some friend to do it. It's kinda of low which i didn't expect. overall a great product. it's been 4 weeks and nothing has happened yet....okay for the price
I was pleasantly surprised with the quality of this bed. It said that 2 people need to assemble - I did it myself!! There was one section that the holes for the screws did not quite match up - but it really did not effect the bed.a nice surprise
This product is just as it is in the picture not real difficult to put together but two people are needed. I had no problem with the platform until it was time to put on molding , the screws are put in from the bottom up which was hard to do they didn't have a pre-drilled starter hole, so it was hard to keep pressure on molding and screw in screws at the same time.A very helpful product
The bed base is very nice and looks great for the price you are paying even with the shipping.Good product for low price
Overall, I am quite satisfied with this product. I looks great after you put it together. Easy assembly and easy to read instructions. Only issue was shipping. I had to pick it up at the UPS store. I could've gotten site to store for free. Other than that it's great!! I bought the night stands and the dresser as well and it looks really nice all together. I definitely recommend it to anyone shopping on a budget... like myself. And if you can take advantage of site to store. The boxes aren't that big. ;o) Enjoy.Awesome Awesome Awesome!
I had been looking at this bed for a couple of months and reading each review carefully...my take on this bed... for the price it is worth it...the bed IS NOT EASY to put together...and the instructions are NOT CLEAR... so make sure either you or the person helping you (yes it is a two person job) has a job as a part time handy man :)
But seriously once you can decipher the instructions it gets simpler...to me in the end it was worth it....merry christmas 2 me
The bed is very heavy and it took a while to put it togther but it is a good product for the money.Good for the money
I bought two of these for my two teenage boys' bedrooms. We had to adjust the top of the frame to fit the mattress, but it still looks nice. I think we will add some support around one edge that hangs over. I worry about boys jumping on it and it breaking. Overall it feels sturdy, and fits the purpose - just to keep the mattress of the floor. Can't beat the free shipping to the store. It arrived in good shape, and looks nice in the room.Nice for price
Great bed and great value for a teenager. Some holes weren't drilled,but easily fixed.Nice product
Definitely requires 2 people to put together. There are a lot of screws and using a drill doesn't work, just like the manual says. Be prepared for soar hands. It's a nice looking bed and a good value for a platform.A Nice Platform Bed
My husband and I bought this product mainly because our old bed was out of shape and really hurt my back. When we unwrapped the box, everything looked so hard to put together. It took us about a 30-45 minutes putting it together. plus the edges are really sharp. But now that the hard part is over and done with, we pretty happy with it.What you pay for is what you get
It did not look as good put together as it did in the picture,ad the wood was not of good quality.looking better
I am very pleased with this product. Assembly was not a problem, quality good for the cost.Great bargain platform
Unlike other southsore products that ive purchased, I liked this one. Even though it could use a little more wood and also better quality of wood... it works good... Also ... if you like to move the room around it will fall apart more easier and alot quicker. You need to make sure that you put it together very precise... because any little mistake will break the wood. I had my husband fix the little problems on this as well as the others by adding wood of ofcourse better quality, but It does look pretty. But if you dont want to go through the hassle of worrying about it breaking all the time.. then keep looking! You do get what you pay for.. and we are making it work as much as we can for now untill we get new furniture.It's Ok ...wood = not very good
Received our bed and it was easy to put together. Looks good and was well worth it for the price.Good Product
The bed was pretty easy for me and a friend to build. You have to have some muscle as a few parts don't have holes pre-drilled. Other than that, and the fact thatyou can still see a bit of the platform boards on the sides, end of mattress, it's a great bed for the cost.Great for the price
It was easy to assemble. It looks great in the roomSmart buy
Very nice bed. Looks bigger than the platform bed actually is, but mattress usually makes it better.Platform bed
I love this bed. It was easy to put together, looks great. Is really sturdy. Wonderful for the price. The only thing is we don't have the blankets hanging over the edges, you can see the unpainted platform that the bed is laying on. We're actually going to paint that whole part ourselves eventually though. But other than that I absolutely love it.Great bed
I love the look of this bed, simple and beautiful design. Very functional. Fairly simple to put together, and sturdy. But heavy, have a good screw driver ready.Love the look
i would recommend this bed. it's easy to put together me and a friend had it together with in an hour. it looks great. i had no problems with the holes lining up. it's really good for the price i paidgreat bed
It took me about 1hr to put it together It's a lot easier with 2 people though. It's best to use some wood glue with the screws for added stability. The molding should be attached prior to assembling the long wood pieces to bed frame. Otherwise you are working from underneath the bed.
Looks good with memory foam mattress.Good for the value
it was hard to put together but once it's done it looks greatlooks nice
The following comments may be of assistance to others about to assemble this unit, in no particular order:
--Instructions indicate a "robertson" screwdriver is needed, but if you have a variety of phillips head drivers, you will probably have one that fits.
--The instructions say to put on the moulding, the final step, you need to "raise the unit". Much easier said than done; it is very heavy. My trick: just place a piece of the packing styrofoam under each side gave me enough room to fit my screwdriver underneath.
--The parts are all pre-drilled and can go on only one way except, curiously, for the final step, the moulding. It requires installation from underneath and there are *no* pre-drilled holes, so here's the trick I used:
(A) Middle moulding: measure where it needs to go and hold it on *upside-down*. Then you can drill from the top down down to get starter holes while holding it up. Once all starter holes are in place, position it right side up and you need only come in with the screwdriver from the bottom into pre-drilled holes, making it quite easy.
(B) Side moulding: the hole positions are not symmetrical like the middle moulding but you can still use the upside-down trick by switching left and right sides after you pre-drill the holes. (Try it and then you'll be convinced. :-)
--My total assembly time--including wiping down parts, vacuuming, moving furniture, and putting the mattress on--was about 2 hours.Tips to aid assembly
This is a great bed. It was a little tricky getting it together, mostly making sure that every thing is even. I advise that you don't tighten anything untill you have it all out together. Its alot easier that way. It looks great and is very comforable even with a cheap mattress. Also my girls love it to, and the fact that its so low to the ground os a bonus for my youngest (15 months) 'cause she can crawl in it too!!! I recommend this for everyone!HELLO GOOD BUY!!!!!!!!!
We purchased this online and put it together in about an hour. It was kind of complicated to assemble and a couple of insignificant pieces were missing, but we like it. I was afaid that it would be really low to the ground and would look silly, but it didn't. I even have enough room to put my bedskirt on. Beside it being pretty cheaply made, its nice! You get what you pay for, I guess.Our new bed
When I saw the others reviews I was not sure to buy product, however I decided to buy it anyway... Now, a month later I can say that it's well designed, everything matched, and the price is perfect.Good
This was a good purchase. Took no time to put together. I found there were two "hiccups" in this product. One was when putting on the header of the bed, you do need the color side facing to the inside of the bed, this was not completley clear on directions. (As for a person that is directionally challanged this was the only issue I found on the directions that was a bit trying) The other is (not the fault of the bed but there is a gap from the air mattress to the edge. I suppose it's because it's an air mattress and not a standard mattress. Not a problem as this is what bed skirt are for. I was over all very pleased with this product espicially for the price. When the time comes for me to move I will be leaving the bed where it is for future use by my family as it is quite heavy!just what I was hoping for
This is a great bed for the price. It was easy to assemble, if you are used to assembling furniture, may be a little tricky if it is your first time.
It is made of recycled materials by a great company. If you need a platform bed and are into buying green wise products, go for this one.Eco Friendly Bed
My husband and I bought the entire South Shore Cocoa collection for our bedroom. I must admit that after reading some of the other Reviews before purchasing the platform bed, I was somewhat worried that the wood pieces would come out of the box cracked and broken. The instructions were easy to read and understand. We didn't encounter any cracks in the wood although we did come across a few chips in the molding but not anything serious (and plus we have a bed skirt covering it). It was perfect for our memory foam mattress and very stylish. Looks well with the headboard.
one last thing: if you're doing site-to-store...make sure you're not alone bringing it home. It's a very heavy box and will take two to carry.No regrets...
This is an excellent product and great value!!! I bought it for myself and ended up giving it to my son who moved out. Now he loves it(after telling me he did not think it would be a comfortable bed)! I'm just waiting on my income taxes so I get me another one.Great Buy!!!
This bed was hard to assemble because of the way each item was identified (marked). Can I recommend that each item be marked to be identified in one direction as you are setting it up. We had hard time on how to place the platforms and where the overhang went (what side). The instructions need to be clear too. For example, the head board and back board should both be colored on both sides not just one side.Nice platform bed but difficult to assemble.
It was very heavy, but after putting it together it has turned out to be a great bed and perfect for my daughter. The only bad side is I am not looking forward to if and when we have to move it, it was VERY heavy.Nice Bed
Not a bad bed and would be great in a guest room, if you don't want anything fancy. Product came well packaged and undamaged. It wasn't tough to put together and took about 45 minutes. The edges are pretty sharp though so you might consider padding of some sort for the edges, especially if there are small children around. The only complaint I have is that it took a month to get here and I only live 10 minutes from the walmart.com facility. Aside from that, I got what I paid for.get what you pay for
I needed a cheap bed and this was perfect. I didnt want to buy a box spring. The bed was easy to put together and the overall appearance is just fine.Good Enough
I was super worried about the reviews before my bed arrived. I thought it would all be falling apart and cracked and wouldn't fit together right. I put a couple of cracks in the particle board because I used my drill.(Yes, I know I wasn't supposed to, but I had a long day at work and wanted to sleep on something not the floor) You definately want to have two people when you put this together. I did it by myself and getting the platform square was a little tricky. Overall, a good product for the money and I would certainly recommend it if you want a good bed but don't want to drop too much cash.Not Too Shabby
I do enjoy this product but it was very hard to understand the instructions and the holes didn't always match. Also one of the railing peices came broken in half but after we put it together you can hardly notice. I do enjoy the bed for the price I paid for it and it goes well with the 8" Spa Sensations memory foam matteress.great for the price I paid
This product definitely met our expectations as it was cheaper than a box spring and headboard. It also looks way nicer.no boxspring required...
Well I had help putting my bed together. I would have to agree that the directions aren't too helpful. Another reviewer went over how to put the molding on an easier way and it totally worked! It's really a good deal and looks nice when it's all put together. It also matches my other furniture I bought from IKEA nicely.Looks good!
I just need this to last me three years and for what I paid, I like it. The directions could be a little better. But it serves its purpose.It's pretty decent.
this bed is a good bed to start out with if your just moving into an apartment like me. its low to the ground doesnt take up to much space and is stylish. one flaw is the instructions. the company who made the bed, gave instructions that took a min to think about when its came to putting the bed together. either the instructions didnt mention something or the bed didnt fit that specific instruction. just take your time putting it together. but the overall result looks good.nice starting out bed
A good bed for the money. It is made of particle-board, but seems sturdy enough as long as you put it together properly. I could see how a miscalculation in putting it together could make it worse. Excellent for the money.For the money
I bought this bed for the guest room, and it is pretty good for the price. Minimalist and ok looking, easy to assemble.Good value for money
This bed frame was a really good choice. Although it was almost too heavy for my fiance and I to carry it together, mostly because of me, we managed to get it inside and he put it together himself only needing my help a couple of times. It's design is pretty self explanatory and it only took him about an hour to put together. The only complaint I have is how heavy it is and how the mattress, even though it's the correct size, doesn't completely cover the top of the frame so some light brown color of the frame shows. We just covered it with the blanket though, and it's fine.Simple, clean and sturdy
You get what you pay for. It was easy to put together. Nothing fancy but it is nice and serves the purpose.A cheap useful product
Bought this for my place when I was just moving out for the first time. For the price it's quite good. It was very easy to assemble it took me about 30 minutes to put it all together. Only thing is you can't really move it once its all assembled.Pretty Good
This bed looks very nice and sturdy, especially for the price! It was not too hard to put together, but the trim pieces were a pain to put on at the end. Definitly need a power screwdriver and 2 people. My fiance and I managed to get it together in an hour or so. I would definitly recommend it for anyone who is looking for a cheap bed that is not cheap looking!Looks Great!
if you are moving to an apartment for some time and don't want to spend too much on bed, this is good choice. The assemble instruction is bit tricky, you can go wrong with the wood lining that sorround the matress, don't screw until you are fully convinced that set up is correct. The wood lining is hard to assemble because one have to screw up from the floor/ground.Good for temp use
Loved the color, the style and price. I hated the wait for UPS to get it to me. I didn't have instructions to put it together in any of the boxes and when I called South Shore, all I got was a bunch of people who wanted to keep forwarding the call to Canada. So the platform didnt get put together correctly and the slats became a fiberboard mess. I had to throw it in the dumpster.
I miss it.Gosh Darn It
Easy to put together , very solid , looks nicePerfect
My daughter loves her new bed, she wanted a platform for her Tempurpedic mattress. Her dad had a VERY difficult time attaching the side rails from underneath, and ended up with some nasty knuckle scrapes...poor product design...but overall a good purchase. Takes about 1 1/2 hours to assemble completely, transportable from store in box in an SUV, but rear seats have to be down, and it extends into front driver/passenger compartment.Good bed, difficult set-up
I like the clean lines of the peice as well as the dark espresso color. Its very contemory. It was easy to put together.Good for the money
some of the other reviews about redrilling some of the holes on the platform portion of the bed were correct. the holes that were pre drilled didn't match up with the support boards underneath the bed, but we are very happy with the bed. its just an easy to put together, good priced bed. I had purchased another bed that used slats for the bed to lay on and that doesn't work for a foam mattress. this one uses solid boards for the mattress to set on. They are particle boards, but they are very sturdy. The bed doesn't sag either, which was a concern. Our foam mattress is 10 inches thick and the bed and mattress together are the perfect height. Even if you didn't want the bed to be seen, a bedshirt would cover it, but its nice looking by itself and this color goes good with just about any darker wood bedroom set. I would recommend it.good bed for the money
It was easy to build, looks great in my place and I'm loving it.Just Right for My Budget
Serves the purpose just fine. Easy to set up, a little too low but with a good mattress and its foundation you will feel as if in a normal height bed. Fast shipping to store. Great deal for money paid.Good Purchase
The final result was nice, very sturdy for a large couple. Price was okay, looks modern and attractive. The only downside is it took us a real long time to put it together. The directions were vague, no pre-drilled holes for screws made it difficult. Plywood split alot. And screws were cheap and rounded out quickly.look good, hard to put together
This product arrive a little late, when i finally got it unloaded i noticed that the particle board had been a little beaten around the edges. The product puts togetehr fairly well, although it was pretty tricky to put the trim on, i had to jack the bed up a little.
When it was finally put together, i find the bed to be a little too low, but not an entirely bad product, pretty good value for money and seems pretty sturdy.Not too bad
My husband and I really like this bed, it saves alot of space and it's really cute and different. It is comfortable, but that all depends on what kind of mattress you have also. I think it was well worth it for the price we payed and free shipping to the store is awesome. The only problem we had is it take a little while to put it together, you have to make sure all the boards are complety lined up perfect before you can screw in the screws. Or it will be all messed up. We had to improvise a little on some stuff and not follow the directions that were sent with the bed. Overall a good bed. Just make sure you have two or more people putting this bed together and they all have patients.Worth it for the money
The bed came in a timely fashion .. very nice product, but one of the pieces of molding did come broken. I was pretty upset. But I did add an extra screw where it split and the covers do hide the break.. so I guess it's all good ..

Overall the bed is gorgeous .. definitely something i'd get again ..Nice product for a small room :)
For the price, good bed frame. Assembly was fairly easy with two people and an a electric screwdriver. (THE INSTRUCTIONS ARE USELESS!!!!!) Owners BEWARE the corners on the platform are shin busters. (I've got the bruises to prove it.)Platform Bed on Budget
The only problem I had was with the set up-it just wasn't as easy as I expected, or as I'd preferGreat Modern bed
I really expected (but hoped otherwise with success) this bed to be shoddy and not at all what it looked like online. BUT, much to my surprise, it's fantastic. Easy to put together (or so my husband says), looks GREAT in my asian themed boudoir, and durable. *=-)Pleasant Surprise
First time user of Site to Store; received e-mail notification one day early as the store needs time to unload the product from their trucks.
-Assembly was a bit difficult as it was unclear which direction the boards needed to be. I had to dis-assemble a few times to get it correct.
-Would be great if they put arrows on the unfinished pieces to indicate which side faces up.
-NOTE: have a power drill w/ screw driver bit ready!South Shore Queen Platform Bed and Molding, Cocoa
Package is extremely heavy. Once we got the box upstairs and opened it we noticed that it already had some places on the wood that had been damaged. We decided to keep it instead of going through the trouble of returning. Bed went together pretty easily and looks nice for the money. Would not have paid more for it though.Nice for the Price
This bed is ok... it doesnt take to long to assemble but you need a powerdrill. It looks really nice in my room with the dresser as well and because its black i could go anywhere and get a dresser that matches it because its a solid black wood finishYou Get What You Pay For
This bed is what is described & relatively straight foreward with the little felt pads enclosed for the bottom the bed just slides to its final destination. Its a great nights sleep. The issue with the mattress not fitting all the way to the end is small and easily remidied with some paint and sealer for any exposed board. Also i would reccoment putting the molding for the matress lip on before you secure the last pieces so that its easier to use with a drill Otherwise you have to get under the lip and its a bit awkward. You get better than what you pay in this case i have had it for a week and i just love it.Good buy !
Very comfortable. Nice looking. The instructions could be better and the wood pieces are somewhat uneven however for the cost It is still quite good.quite good for the money
I looked for a inexpensive plain platform bed and this turned out nice for cost. Matched room accessories.Nice for value
Very easy to put together! Very comfortable too.Great product
There isn't much to this bed and that's just what I wanted -- a platform bed that didn't take up any additional space in my small bedroom, and something inexpensive.
It did require some additional tools -- a drill to drill out some of the holes that weren't punched all the way through and a phillips screwdriver.
The only real complaint I have is that the dimensions of the box that were listed in the email I received when it was availiable for pick-up were wrong. I still managed to get the box into my Volvo station wagon XC, but it was tight.
Overall, it appears to be worth the money. I haven't actually slept in it yet, though.Just what I wanted
It took one person to set it up.(me) I am 15 and I set it up by myself. It was heavy but I brought it in my room downstairs and out it up in like 2.5 hours. Let me say though I am really tiny and I am very weak so this two people stuff is not true. You can do it by your self. They could of made the instructions clearer. Just put the bed where you want it in the room and you will not have a problem. Just a little frustration.I love it...
Putting the bed together wasnt very difficult, you do need at least 2 people. Overall, it makes the room look more modern. Everyone who came over thought it was more expensive than the price.Good lookin product
When I received the product it was very heavy. My boyfriend and I carried the bed up three flights of stairs. I put the bed together the next day by myself female. I needed help only to move the bed against the wall. Great bed and great price. I am going to order the matching dresser and nightstand. I love this bed. The bed did have a few straches on the molding that go around the bed. But no one can see the straches.Good product for the price
The bedframe wasnt all that hard to put together. Just needed a couple different types of screwdrivers. You will need 2 people to do this though as the other pair of hands comes in handy. Overall, its a sturdy frame and raises the bed off the floor only a few inches more than a regular metal frame. I use it with a mattress and box spring and its a nice heighth for me. Good value for the price.good value
In downsizing from a King waterbed, I chose this. Currently I'm using an air mattress on it, but it seems to be working fine. It's lightweight enough to move around, but doesn't slide. Putting it together wasn't too bad, but there aren't instructions, only pictures. You do need two people to put it together, just for the weight of the pieces and the fact that you need to be on both sides of the bed at once. I didn't realize how low the platform actually was.
Overall, a good product.Good So Far
The bed is wonderful so far. The assembly was rather simple. Installing the molding was the hardest part but that may have been because it was the last step and I was tired. Everything lined up and I have been happily slumbering on it for the past two nights. MAJOR upgrade from the futons of my recent past!Nice price, nice bed
We all know yo get what you pay for. I was relieved to find a bed so cheap. I love the modern spin it puts on my room. The directions are not exactly clear, you do need 2 people to assemble and I wish there were some storage drawers underneath. Overall, the product is a good product. It's great if you have small children because they can easily climb in and out and you don't have to worry about them hurting themselves if they fall out of the bed. I would buy this product again.Just like I expected!
This is a really great bed for the price.
Very comfortable and does not creak .

The base is completely of wooden planks so it makes it very stable.

However it came apart when I moved apartments. The wood is extremely soft so it starts powdering where the screws are fastened.Great Bed
Easy to put together and looks nice.Good Deal
The queen size was perfect for my teen. She now has lots of space for hangin out and sleepovers.Perfect for teens.
The bed came and was an easy pick-up, very heavy! Opened the box and a trim peice was broken, you get what you pay for. Went ahead and put the bed together, took awhile. My 16 year old likes the bed but I dont think he'll us it all that long. Just something he wanted to try to change the look of his room.Bed for my son
After reading some of the reviews I was kind of shaky about buying the product, but ended up purchasing it anyway. I find it very sturdy, I have a toddler that is at that phase where he likes to jump on the bed. Definitely a 2 person project because it is heavy. Had a small problem getting the screws in but thats where the power drill comes in. Once its together it is heavy and can be a little difficult to move (if you like to change your room around frequently). The finish is smooth and I feel very contemporary and will blend well with the furniture you have or you can buy the furniture to match. I found it very affordable. Even if you are not so handy, the directions are simple.South Shore Queen Platform
I would definitely recommend this product! My husband and I had fun putting it together! Although there were a few scratches, nothing that cant be hidden, you cant get anything better for the price they offer!Easy to assemble
It is a good product overall, I just thought it was a little much for such a simple bed. It was quite easy to put together took about 1hr 1/2 to take it out the box, put it together, and dress it with a matress and sheets. If i had to buy it again I would.Hmmm
This bed is very modern-looking. I like how it is low to the ground but not too low...just right. I recommend this bed.Modern
Bought this for my 12 year-old daughter. She loves it. The only problem we had putting it together was on the base there are predrilled holes & one is for a screw & one is for a wooden connector peg the should go to the finshed side of the wood. On one side they drilled out them out backwards. The screw one was were the peg should be & vice-versa. So now there is a visable hole were we had to drill out the other hole. But over all a great sturdy bed.Very sturdy & attractive
I am very happy with this purchase. Please keep in mind that this sells for $145.00 so with that in mind... do not expect furniture store quality for this price. We purchased this bed for our master bedroom. We DID NOT SCRIMP on the mattress so I am absolutely sure that is why this bed feels great. But it is a great height to get up from, as sturdy as can be expected with pressed wood and pretty easy to assemble. If you want a simple, clean look that saves you a ton of money so that you can splurge on the most important part of the bed(the mattress) then I am sure you will like the deal.Good Bang for your Buck
I ordered the bed site to store, the box was very large and awkward....also VERY heavy. I think I nearly gave myself a hernia trying to get it upstairs. Once that was over, I found it very wasy to put together, pretty basic, myself and my 10 year old son got it done in about an hour. I would recommend have some longer screws available, I did have to make a few of my own hols to tighten everything up, but all in all very simple, and pretty sturdy.very good for the price
This was an extremely easy bed to put together. I highly recommend using a cordless drill. It took me a total of 20 minutes to put together and I did it alone.Easy
Everything was good. Hard to put together, def need two people. I was missing 2 important screws and havent even put them in yet bed still works great, FOR ALL PURPOSESPlatform Bed
This is a good solid bed, its made of MDF, but what else can u expect for a 150.00 bed? It looks goo in my room and I use it everyday. The only drawback is the assembly... It's a pain. The directions should be more clear on what goes where... but that doesn't take away from the fact that it's a pretty good bed.Pretty good overall, but a pain to assemble.
I purchesed this item online and it came very well packedge no cracks or missing items .. Bed looks great !!! the only thing is that its a little hard to build .. but with a little patience you'll be ok !!! I do recomend that you use glue that helps alot !!! And do not use an electric drill ...Great Item !!! Buy it
This is one of the best bed frames for the money- yes, it's not the most solid thing but for the money it's not bad @ all. We have this bed in moca and in white in the upstairs bedroom. The only down fall to me is that the queen matress doesn't perfectly fit the frame-- the frame is a little larger so with out the comforter over the bed you can see particle board showing in the corners. But honestly, if you don't have a lot of money to spend but don't want your matresses on the floor this is the frame to get :)Not a bad deal
We bought this bed for our 32 year old handicap son. It is a great value. The only complaints that I have is one of the corners was broke, but after putting the trim pieces in place, you could not see this. It would be nice if the actual platform that the mattress sets on were black, if you tuck the comfort you can see the natural color platofrm. The bed does seem to be very well built though, quiet sturdy.
Well worth the money.a good value
The bed gave to my bedroom the modern touch that I was looking for. We emsambled the bed between my husband and I. It was really easy to do it together... I love it!Very Nice
Could not get a queen box spring up our stairs so after seeing a family members platform bed and having gotten our tax return we decided to try this out to begin with. This is perfect. Took some time to put together and we aren't handy...but it works like a dream for us and are finally getting a great nites sleep!!!!!Sleeping good tonight
Site to Store is the best thing ever. It said it would take 3 weeks to arrive and it was here in a week.
It looks great for the decor we wanted. It seems to be sturdy also!Looks great
I needed an inexpensive platform bed for my guestroom and this definitely fits the need. I thought that it was going to be too low to the ground, especially with only the memory foam mattress that I am using with it, but it is fine. The assembly was easy with 2 people.Fits the need
this bed is good if your on a budget and want something simple. was a little hard to put together, you definitly need two people, but once together it looks really nicegreat for the price
Not bad at all for the price. Not the easiest to put together and will def take at least two people, also some of the board dont line up the best with where there supposed to be screwed in. Very sturdy and looks good. Only complaint is its a tad wider than the mattress so on the sides you see wood showing thats not black so it looks kinda wierd. Other than that very good for the price.Not bad for the price
Great bed for a youth.Bed for Boys Room
I live by myself and it was pretty easy to put together - I ignored the directions that said to not use a drill - I have a small cordless and this cut the put together time in half. Wasn't quite plum and one of the top pieces had 2 holes that didn't match up so I had to drill my own but it still came out well. It will definitely do the job. The directions could have been easier to read in certain points and not all the pieces were labeled. Overall I'm happy with the product - it was within my budget and gets me off the floor.It's Okay
i have been contemplating this bed for many months now...and i just bought it last week using site to store WOW was that fast they said it would take 15-20 days..i received it in 10..WONDERFUL... i got home today 7-7-09 and couldn't wait to put it together i put it together all by myself in about 2 hours ...the instructions were clear..i could have used another hand...it is heavy to move around..plan to build where you want it because if you try and move the screws are oddly placed and it does not move right or have more then one person help you move...this is VERY sturdy my husband and myself have a combined weight of 500 lbs and its very supportive... i would DEFINITELY RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT.. to any one who is in need of an affordable bed....:) thank you wal*mart...LOVE IT!!
I got this for my son and he loves the platform look. I like it because it has simple and clean lines. My husband and I put it together initially we thought it was going to be hard. It started pretty easy. But when we got to the part we thought would be EASY it was hard. Crazy!! My advice make sure you have everything lined up EXACTLY as it should be. The value is great! Especially when you see other beds like this costing a fortune. If I had the money, and I bought one for my husband and I, I would spend more money to get better quality.A little difficult to put together
I am very happy with this product as well as all of the help I had from the store , thank you, I would have to say a 4 star itemvery easy to assemble
This bed is very easy to set up. Very sturdy and it doesn't squeek when you move around on it. The platform is slightly larger than my queen size mattress, so I had to use a black sheet to cover the parts that aren't painted black.Good bed for its price
the bed is what i thought it would be for the money. I bought it for my college bound daughter, she liked the look. Did not have near the trouble some people had putting it togther, just make sure the frame is square and all goes togther easily.what i expected
Box was (((heavy))) so I'm glad I had it DELIVERED- someone else carried it upstairs to my apt! Looks ok and if you study the directions ONE person can def put this together alone in an hour.Good for price
i was a little skeptical after reading some reviews but i decided to purchase this bed. as far as looks, the bed looks great. i was expecting for it to look a little cheap but it doesnt at all. it only takes two people to put it together. and it arrived at sitetostore a little over a week after i ordered it. the problem i found was that some holes were missing for some of the pieces, but it wasnt anything major enough for the bed to be inefficient or look tacky. i recommend this for anyone, of any age!good product.
My daughter loves her new platform bed. It's very stylish. Not alot of support around the edges of the bed due to the style of the bed.Very stylish
I was pleased the packing material to protect the products. Very easy to put together (2 people x 20 min max in Summer Heat) and seems very solid. Great value for the price.Good quality for the price
outside of this bed taking WAY too long to put together (not difficult, just very time consuming), it's a decent deal for the price. Seems pretty sturdy. I'm dreading the day that I will have to move it out of the bedroom because it's awkwardly shaped and weighs a ton.Decent for the price
putting together was not easy. it took atleast 2 people to make sure everything was done correctly. directions were a little hard to understand im parts.it takes 2
Great piece of furniture! I just recommend having a power drill. i did it with a screw driver and my hand was very sore. but i love the bed frame!Great Product
This bed is nice and suits my needs (fit my queen-sized mattress just fine), but it was a PAIN to put together. The directions were hard to follow, though not impossible. Make sure you have plenty of help around when you're putting it together.hard to put together
I was very pleased with this bed. It does take 2 people to assemble but it was much easier and faster than expected. The only complaint I have is that there were a few ends that were not painted that I felt should have been. When bed is made up it isn't visible though.good buy
I think the bed looks great. I put it together with another girlfriend and I. My guy was out of town and I wanted to surprise him by having it all put together when he got home.
So I did site to store so i would not have to pay shipping, I would recommend just paying the shipping, it is VERY heavy and large. The directions were simple and I thought it was all going well until the last top board did not fit the holes at all. I had to drill new holes. Which is fine, it must not have been squared even though we thought it was. Also the molding seems strange sine the sides have the rounded part in and the end has the rounded part out. But all in all it was a cheap bed and it looks nice. I recommend it.Nice but....
I read a whole lot of reviews before purchasing this product and was indecisive on whether I should buy this product due to the fact that according to some buyers it was an astronomical task to build this thing. Disregard these people, this thing is very simple to put together and is well worth the price. Granted, if you have a buddy of yours to help you out that would simplify things but it really doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure it out.Great purchase
This looks so good in my daughter's room. There are a lot of pieces to put together, but it's not hard to do. I really like it and I may buy another one.nice
This frame is attractive, and the directions to assemble make it similar to IKEA furniture. But, the assembly is a bit tough, as you have to make sure that the platform is completely aligned as you assemble. Also, there is a lot of screwing into pressboard wood, sometimes without them having started the drill holes for you (the last step, affixing the trim, is especially challenging and stripped one of my screwdrivers). Have a friend help you build if you do purchase this one. The end product, though, is comfortable and stylish. The foot of the bed is not well supported, so avoid sitting there!Quick style, tough assembly
I ordered the bed because we needed a new platform bed; this one was simple, seemed easy to put together and sturdy for 2 people. It was easy to put the bed itself together, but the railing that had to be screwed in from underneath was a bit difficult. We ended up returning to the store to purchase an electric screw driver for that portion of the assembly. So far the bed has been great. I have no complaints.Nice Bed
The construction of the product isn't that bad. I did it by myself, but the bed is heavy, and lining up the edges perfectly is troublesome. I did do it, but it took longer than I thought. I would buy it again if I wanted to. What can I say, it's cheaper at Walmart than other websites/stores. Check it out for yourself. (By the way, I did In-Store Pick-Up. Saved about $100 doing so [shipping weight])What You Would Expect
Okay it was hard to put together by myself, but I did it. Not like my cats could help me. It is a few inches bigger than the 9 inch Icoil that I purchased to put on this platform bed, so either the mattress is off size or the platform is....I like it, can't move it without help. Looks pretty with my bed set that was made for platforms...suggest you get a set like that so you can see the edges and such...is sturdy and pretty...I would suggest it to anyone that is on a recession tight budget like I am.South Shore Queen Platform Bed
I just bought my first home and needed new bedroom furniture. I bought this whole collection! I love the platform. It makes my bed feel so high up and it looks so rich but for so cheap! It was pretty simple to put together! So far I have put together the 5 Drawer dresser, a nightstand, the platform and the headboard with minimal help from anybody!

I read some of the reviews about the products being sscratched but so far so good. Everything looks good to me. There was one hole that was predrilled out of place but it took about 30 seconds to fix. No big deal.

I am very hapy with my purchases!Love the way it looks!
The bed is pretty good considering what you pay for it. It's does what it's supposed to do. And looks fine.

In terms of assembly, it's a bit difficult to get the rim pieces on after putting the whole bed together unless you have a small screw driver.Pretty good
Was a little difficult to assemble but looks good and is as expected.As expected.
For the price - it was perfect. Bought it for my son's apartment at college. He would have been happy with a mattress on the floor but being the Mom - I wanted his room to look good. Put it together by myself with no problem!priced right
I don't mind having to put together something. Saves on the cost of buying when you have to put it together yourself. While I mostly put this bed together myself, I did have my wife helping, and that made all the difference. The only issue that I have at this point is that when you put together the lip on the edge of the bed, there is NO holes in the lip, it's just solid wood. And they say not to use power tools to put it together. I felt like I needed one just to put the lip on. Other than that, I like the look of the bed, even though it's a dark dark brown and not black, but looks black at unless you're right up to it. Would highly recommend anyone to get this bed. Fairly easy assembly, but HEAVY!!!! Do not attempt to lift this thing by yourself, as it's up there.Not bad at all
The bed is nice enough but there is nothing special about it. Once my mattress was put on it, you couldn't even really see the bed because it sits so low to the ground, so I was a little dissapointed. It was fairly easy to put together though. The box it comes in is really long (like 7-8') and is very heavy. Wal-Mart had 2 guys take it out to the car for me and then when I got home I kept it in the trunk and opened the box and carried in the pieces instead of trying to lug in that heavy box. It stuck out of the trunk pretty good (I was in a Grand Marquis) but we drove really slow and was careful and it was fine. Overall I like the bed, I wasn't expecting something real great for that price to begin with, and I would recommend it.Nice, nothing special
Bought it for our "Modern Style" bedroom and it looks great. Very simple yet nice looking. Took my boyfriend awhile to build it, which is saying something. For the price and overall appearance I would recommend. Havent actually tried it out yet (haven't fully moved in) but for the most part it looks sturdy enough, and hope we dont have problems., like some of the other reviews.Not bad for the price!
Value for money. The shipping was very prompt. Need a minivan to get the product home. Needs some time to figure out how to assemble it. A electric screwdriver is very handy, specially to attach the linings at the end. You need to put the screws from below, so u have to lay down and do it with the limited 10 inch height it gives and you can do it only at the end. Once assembled, its very difficult to move it, so make sure you decide on the final location and position before starting to assemble. Using it for a month now, sturdy enough.Good Product
I had no problem putting it tigether. the directions were easy. Only thing make sure youre screws kit is right my molding id not all the way secure cause Ihad the wrong screws. I can fix that though.

If youre looking for something affordable and decent sipke desgin I would recomenend it. It is sturdy when finished because I stood on it when I was finsihed :) I also bought matching bed board and the spa sensations matress.. It looks very nice. It is VERY comfortable also I slept on clouds last night!Easy to put together
You have to assemble many pieces, the screws that attatch platform base boards to bottom are about two inches short to make the bed solid. I had 2&half inchers on hand and it is solid now. You need a steady hand as well as a good drill with torqe settings to assemble without stipping, if you do strip a hole or bust out a side just move screw over a inch and drill straight and you should be fine. For the price it's good.Will get the job done
My suggestion is to use an electric screwdriver, it would be a pain if you didn't. You should open the box at the store and take out all the pieces because 2 out of the 4 boards that make up the platform had a big chunk broken off at the top corner. For me, the chip was not at the foot of the bed and concealable when you put the mattress on it, so rather than take it back and order another one, I kept it and hot glued the piece back on myself. It was also missing 2 pieces but they are used as measurement tools to tell you when the platform is centered over the base so it wasn't something I couldn't do without. Overall, I needed something in my guest bedroom so that I wouldn't have a mattress lying on the floor in the room so for 150.00 it is what it is.Good for the Money
Good value for the price. Nothing fancy, but reasonably good quality considering the price and relatively easy to assemble.Platform Bed
I love this bed. Its easy to put together but the parts are heavy. You will need someone to help to pick this up and you may need someone to help to lift the parts when putting it together. This bed was cheap, you need no box spring which makes it even cheaper and its really modern. My only complaint with this is that if you mattress does not fit perfectly, when tucking in all your sheets and etc as shown in the picture, the platform that your bed lays on is not coca color so it shows. I left my bed covers untucked so that you can not see it.Great Price and Product
Can't expect much more for the price. Easy to assemble even for one person.great value!
My husband and I have had this bed for a while and it has been a pretty good bed. When I opened the box I was a little nervous because it's plywood instead of real wood and the black looks expresso instead of black (at least mine does) but that is fine. I like it just the same. The only problems I have had with it is that our queen size mattress is still too small for it. We have about 5 inches left at the top of the bed that our mattress does not cover. Also, when we moved, my husband had to take it apart. Other than those two things, it is a really good bed. We are pleased with it.Nice for the price
awesome bed frame, worked quite well, as long as you dont want to re arange your room. when moving the bed, and being as carefulll as possible, but tends to try to fall apart. we had to put 20 sheet metal screws in it, helped quite a bit!just dont move it!
I didnt expect the bed to be that close to the floor. If you have trouble getting up from the floor this is not the bed for you. With a boxspring & mattress your further from the floor. The assembly was frustrating, the pre drilled holes wouldnt line up right and the border was to be screwed from underneath which was almost impossible cause a drill or screwdriver wouldnt fit. I did get it assembled "my way", but found it frustrating that a simple bed could be so hard to put together.Low to the ground
The product was hard to put together. You really do need power tools to screw and nail everything together. Not every piece is labeled so you have to line everything up before you start piecing things together.

However, I am satisfied with the finished product. Other stores sell platform beds for almost double the price.Great Value!
The bed is sturdy..i didnt need any help putting it together or setting it in place..only took an hour to put together..looks good when finished..only set back is lookin at some of the exposed wood base if your bed isnt made..but thats easily solvable..make your bed..lol!Does the job...
I love the look of this product,. After recieveing it I wished I had purchased the one with the headboard. Keep in mind this platform is low....makes it a little tough for making the bed from scratch. I do not have a box spring on it or it would be higher.South Shore Queen platform bed
This bed looks very nice in a room. Took a while for my boyfriend to build (about 2 hours). The instructions tell you not to use power tools, but it is impossible to build otherwise. Some of the ways the pieces were constructed was a bit weird, but it all worked together in the end. We used both a mattress and a box spring on top of this bed - it raises the bed up pretty high and looks pretty sharp. If you're not into the lower-to-the-floor look with this bed, just use a box spring along with it (will be ~36" off the floor). It isn't top quality, but for the price you pay, it is well worth it!Worth the price you pay
a little confusing to put together....deff need 2 people....looks pretty sturdy....lower to the ground then i thought, but overall pretty happy with it.Pretty Good
The mattress sits right on particle board, and you can clearly see this particle board if your mattress isn't wide or long enough to cover it all (mine, a standard queen-size, is not).

Putting it together is fairly straightforward excepting one annoying phase where you have to make sure one of the boards is hanging exactly 181 millimeters off of the edge of the base frame (there are blocks provided for this, but it's still kind of a pain).

Get comfy, because it'll take awhile to screw dozens and dozens of screws into the particle board. Your forearms will thank you the following day. Screwing upwards from below the bed to get the trim on was the worst part.

All in all, the bed is sturdy, looks great with a bed skirt or even just a quilt partially covering it, and is quite affordable. I give it four stars.Decent bed
I got this for my teenage daughter. It is certainly not high quality, but it is a good bed for the price. We also purchased the headboard. It goes together nicely and looks good.Good bed for the price
I purchased this bed and was overjoyed at the low price and free shipping to my home. I am a petite 22-year-old female and I was able to put this bed together (with a little help towards the end) in a matter of about 3 or 4 hours. In spite of what the instructions say, YOU WILL NEED AN ELECTRIC SCREWDRIVER! This project probably would not have been completed had I not been able to borrow my dad's power drill with a screwdriver attachment. There is a step where you need to lift the (very heavy) bed frame to screw in the molding from underneath, and there is no way I would have been able to do that without the power drill. Just don't predrill any holes as this would likely split the wood. Once finished, I would recommend that this bed go in an area where there won't be a lot of foot traffic or there is plenty of room around it. I have bumped my shins on it about 3 times in 3 days! Other than that it is a wonderful bed, very sturdy, and attractive. Just know that once you have it together and in place, it's pretty much there to stay. It is waaay to heavy to move and I'm not so sure about taking it apart and putting it back together somewhere else.Great Bed with Few Drawbacks
My grandson loves this in his college apartment.Looks good
The platform bed is very sturdy once put together. It's also very heavy. It's made of particle board, but it's very solid. The only problem we had putting it together was that the pre drilled holes didn't line up once we had already put half of it together, but it was easy enough to fix with a drill. I didn't find the directions too difficult. I wouldn't say it is moveable. My husband and I joked that it is staying in this house when we move out. Overall though I think it was worth it for the price, I would buy it again.Good for the price.
This item was exactly as described. It's very sturdy and doesn't take long to put together. I think it looks great and I would recommend it for the price!Great Sturdy Bed
I put everything together by myself except for the molding. It took me less than three hours. The problems: the predrilled holes were not aligned correctly, also, screwing in the molding was hard because you really have to lift the whole bed and it's not light.
The good: The labels on some of the boards were easy to see, and if you just look at the diagrams for the other boards then it is easy to figure out. Easy to redrill holes in the board. Liked the felt that came with it, easily stays on after moving bed. I liked that it came with the black marker for fixing up mistakes, I've done that with this one black desk before haha. So it's a good bed, but you need help near the very end. My husband likes to plop down on our beds but I probably need to put a sign just because I don't know if I fully trust these boards.. hmm. Oh and I will be putting Spa Sensations 8" Memory Foam on top tomorrow once I pick it up! Hope this all helps, it's good!Here ya go
This bed is a great for the price you pay. Materials were good quality and very sound. The instructions were not great, however. Not really detailed enough to make it simple to put together, but you are able to follow them after some studying. Very sound bed once put together.platform bed
I do love the fact that this definitely rises your bed up off the ground, I just had a very hard time with the "molding" pieces that go on last around the frame of the bed. The wood seems to be too hard for the screws to go into and you're not supposed to use a drill. There is no way you can put that part together on your own either, you have to have at least 1 or 2 people help you. I have yet to get those pieces put on, because I think my boxspring will not fit on the bed if the molding pieces are on..or you won't even see the molding if the boxspring is on it. Without them though, the edges are a little rough if you accidentally hit the corners! Overall I love this frame, it's nice to finally get my bed off the floor!Nice Bed Frame
Decent product. Difficult to align it straight on your own.decent product
It was easy to put together and it looks nice and it didn't cost me a leg and an arm.....Nice Bed
This product is nice, the plat form part that shows is much smaller than I thought. But it is very sturdy and easy to put together. my only complaint is how long walmart takes to ship the items to the store.Nice bed frame
This bed came in a huge box that barely fit in our Ford Expedition. If you do site to store, know that you need a truck to take this bed home. However, once we got it to our building, it was okay. Wish we would have bought a king size. Looks greatBig Heavy Box
This was exactly what we were hoping for for our sons queen size bed. No missing parts and no damage in shipping. Great buy for the value.Just what we expected.
The bed was not too difficult to put together but is very heavy so I would suggest being very sure ahead of time where the bed is to go. It is a plain platform bed (no bells or whistles). I would have liked a headboard but I didn't see one that would have met our needs for such a low price. Overall, worth the money - appears very sturdy but we don't have children who would be jumping on the bed.Not bad for the price
my hubbs is not a handyman and did have a harder time putting together, and i dont know if it was him or product but i dont think its as high or as nice as picture depicts itours not at nice as picture
I like this platform bed, I would have given it 5 stars (over all) if it was a little taller, the bed is only 9" tall, not 10" like advertised. I don't think it would have cost the manufacturer that much to add 2-3" to the height of the base, or be honest in the true height.
Even though it is made from particle board, which makes it so affordable, the design seems sturdy so it should hold up.
Was fairly easy to put together, the key is to place the pieces where they go before assembly, don't know if I would have said that if I didn't own an electric drill/screwdriver!
The only flaw in the design is the molding, the directions state that you have to put it on last, I still haven't figured out how to do that since there is only an 8" clearance, and they need to be attached from the underside edge of the bed, I am unable to pick the bed up to attach it since it weighs 100+ lbs.
But the bed works quite well without the molding. This is a very basic platform bed, no frills, so I am pleased with this purchase for the price.Nice bed
From some of the reviews I was expecting the assembly to be challenging. My husband went across town to drop off a friend and I had the bed almost completely together before he got back. I'm a mechanically challenged female, so that's saying something. I found the instructions easy to follow and the assembly easy. Make sure you have an electric screwdriver. I would imagine without one the assembly would take much longer. Bed seems sturdy and well made for the price. It also looks nice put together.Great value, easy assembly
Once its all together it looks nice is a nice hieght and is just what we were looking for. But... Some assemble recquired was all assembly required. To be honest it came with clear directions and was in no way complicated. There is quite a bit of work that has to be done right on the floor, which was a bit much for a couple middleaged women and at one point my Sister suggested we could have put a box together ourselve just by buying wood and woodscrews. Knowing the price of wood though it wouldnt have been much cheaper and in the end wouldnt have looked as nice, even if the workload would have been similar. My recomendation: if you need a nice simple platform for your mattress, get this but make sure either you have the fitness level to takel it or you get a younger fitter person to help you out. Also, make sure you assemble it in place; If you move it around, even a little, at the screws will start to work their way right back out. P.S. The directions say it takes 2 people to assemble and they are not kidding.Good for the Price but assembly required
Takes two people to put together. Didn't take long to put together. Great buy for the price!Nice
I was skeptical about this bed after reading all the reviews about how hard it was to put together. I did not have any problems with the assembly at all. The pieces fit perfectly together. The only thing I wish was different was the platform should be black, not wood grain. But my daughter loves the bed and it looks great.Looks great!
well if u like low profile beds, this is pretty good. i still haven't gotten my mattress for it yet, so im using my old mattress until i order the spa sensations 12'' for it. i JUST put this thing together and it took at least 2 people to do it...and everything seemed to fall into place once you got the base down...it was difficult putting the rails on but like i said 'it takes two to make a thing go right' lol ;D anyways, after its done...its purdy and stable and its defiantly worth all the hard work. i cant wait for my mattress!!very pretty :D
Well, it arrived almost exactly when it was scheduled to arrive...no surprise...the FedEx guy that delivered it is not that big...maybe 5'5" and 130 soaking wet....when I got home, it was on the sidewalk in front of my house...the street is almost 20 feet away up a set of stairs...and it weighs almost 200 POUNDS!!!! I was impressed that he got it that far! Anyways, I got the box inside, laid it out, got my tools and dove in.. it was a very easy assembly...the only part that was "difficult" was the trim.. the height and the angle just made it uncomfortable.. but, it was manageable. Once it was finished, we laid the mattress on it, and then put the bedding on.. some reviewers complained about seeing an inch of base around the mattress that wasn't painted or something... if you have a comforter or a blanket that is the right size, you will never notice it... as far as not being able to move it... it is heavy... not that big a deal... they are all screws to begin with, so in order to move it, just get some help, or take your time labeling everything and un-screw it! Oh yeah, and i do construction...so maybe that is why it was easy to assemble...25-30 minutes tops....It is a bed...
Very good bed. Easy to put together. The instructions could have been a little better, but i managed to figure out the one illustration in order to complete the assembly.Very Good Bed for the Price
This bed was very simple to put together and goes well into my smaller room. My only regret is that I had it shipped to the store and some of the parts were damaged when I picked it up. Because I needed it, I did not return it to the store. In spite of that, the bed sleeps greats. I would definitely recommend this product to other customers, however, I would not recommend having it shipped.Great product
its a nice low platform, could have been manufactured a little bit better, other than that it was a great buyNice platform
Overall satisfied, can't complain especially when it comes to the price,and I'm not on the floor!!! I used a drill to assemble with help to hold up a side when doing border. Not bad though!!!Can't beat for cost purposes
Got it home delivered yesterday, which is a wiser option since it's delivered right onto your doorstep. saves all the transportation hassles.
I had a Spa Sensations 8" Memory Foam Mattress to go with the bed. Overall it's a good buy for the money. The mattress fit perfect except for smaller unfinished area on the sides that peek out. But you can have this covered easily.you get what you see
This is quite a heavy stuff. Once put together, it will be in place and is a good platform for the matress.

I am not sure if this will last if taken apart for a move. Additional work may be required to put the pieces together as it is all compressed hard-board kind of stuff.

It is still a fine piece if you want to put it in a room and not worry about moving it.very sturdy
Very easy to put together. READ all the directions. Use all the hardware!!It will absolutely need 2 or 3 people to put together. This Platform bed is a great product, however it is not for one who has aches and pains. It is VERY low to the ground. I would suggest making sure you have a tall mattress to put on top, so you won't be too low the ground. This product is great for anyone who just got their first apartment, it's a great first bed. It has a surprising nice finish to it.Great Starter Bed
Product was fair and serves purpose of going in a spare bedroom. However, the packing was not done adequately and three of the four corners were damaged, as well as a 3 inch chip on the edge in the middle of the length of it.poor packing
Was a little complicated to setup this bed and it doesn't align properly because we mis-read the instructions but overall, not bad.Decent job
Decent price. It takes a while to put together (took me about 80 mins by myself) and is extremely heavy. I had to take it out of the box downstairs to get it upstairs to the bedroom to put together. It looks pretty nice, about what I expected. Instructions are easy. Looks great with the headboard.Decent price. Takes a while to put together.Sturdy
I just purchased this bed and I'm extremely satisfied with the functionality and comfort. It's solid and sturdy and I've enjoyed sleeping on it for the past week.
Construction was a bit difficult but I did it by myself. I would definitely suggest a second set of hands and a power screwdriver or drill. I had some problems getting the brace pieces to stay in. The dowel rods they provide don't really let you set the brace boards in tightly and there weren't any pre-drilled holes to allow for a more solid construction. This doesn't seem to prove as a problem once you have the frame on the floor and the platform pieces screwed in. It's really a fine looking piece of furniture once you get the mattress on it.
I'm happy with it.Great bed for the money
First, I am a very big guy and holds me up well. I will say it needs to people to put together but after that you are good. Also, you will need a drill.Overall Ver Good
Other than having to use some extra wood screws on the sides, this bed is a good buy. After putting it together I wasnt happy with how sturdy it felt. But after adding some extra screws the problem was completely fixed. It def. holds two" Healthy" adults without wobblingoverall it is a good bed
The bed arrived in extremely perfect condition. I really how well it was packed. It's not a very big box but pretty heavy (over 120 pounds). Just a tip, it's a good idea to tear one side completely apart of the box rather than take each and every part of the bed out of the box.

It's not hard to assemble except that you need two people at least due to the size of the bed. Also, The skirting in the end could be bit of a challenge because I had to go down on back and screw it. We used the packing material that came with the bed, as a jack to lift the bed up so that I could slide under it.

Once assembled, the bed looks nice and quite sturdy however, I feel like the screws should have been longer by about 1/4" and more in numbers. Overall, at this price, I am definitely satisfied with this bed.Good for the price!
I had read it was hard to put together, which wasn't the case at first. It was easy all the way until I needed to put on the lips on the edges. It calls for putting a screw upside-down, into a board that you have to keep from moving, that doesn't have pre-drilled holes, with only about 8" of room... Mine didn't match up flush, even though I measured and followed all directions to the letter. It doesn't look bad though. You get what you pay for with it, and for the price I can't complain.Good
good frame but the corners that i was supose to install on the frame came to me without screw holes so it could not be screwed in with the screw you recieved with the bed frame it-self.a good simple bed frame
Looks nice and easy to assemble. However, I have the matching headboard and there is really no good way to attach it.Easy to Assemble
I bought this item online of course and it is very nice. It looks a little cheap when you first open it, but it looks great when you put the bed on it and everything together. For the price this is a great buy. I would suggest it to friends. Very easy to put together, cheap shipping, very great color. HEAVY !!!!! This is not for those who cannot lift over a certain poundage. According to the shipping info it was 128 lbs !!!! Very nice buy though.Very nice for the price!!!
the bed was easy to put together by one person. When ordering this bed its better if you have it delivered to your home unless you have a truck for all the boxes. the head board is a little ackward espacially if you dont have a boxspring to lift the mattress past the gap. overall i like the design.Off the floor
So, we had this bed shipped to our apt since it is not available in stores. You have to assemble the bed obviously, which was pretty difficult. You may want to have a friend help you out, definitely easier with two people. Two of the big pieces of the bed were broken at the end, but we decided to assemble it anyways, turns out you don't see those pieces and it was irrelevant to the structure of the bed. The assemble probably took about 2 hours (keep in mind my bf is pretty handy with these sorts of things, if I had done this on my own it could have easily taken double that time.) All and all after the bed was assembled it looks great in our bedroom! Very modern looking, it raises your mattress about 10 inches from the ground. If you have a super thick mattress like us this is the perfect height.Looks great! Great value! Super Modern!
This bed is good for the price. My husband put it together by himself. It took a couple of hours because the bed being made of pressboard is really heavy and hard to move around by yourself. There are these trim pieces that go on top around the edge of the bed to hold the mattress in place and they are alittle hard to screw on, definitely takes two people. One to lift the bed while the other puts the screws in, from underneath. Its alittle awkward, but not impossible. My 14 year old daughter was happy with the end result. It feels very sturdy and I think will last for a while. We bought the slumber1 queen size mattress in a box to go with this and its a nice bed. Very happy!Good for the price
Very sturdy. Fits the Countour 8 mattress from this site just fine. The last part of assembly is pretty challenging because the bed is too heavy to lift to comfortably install the final screws as instructed . It can be done uncomfortably, though, on your back. We'll have to take an ax to it when we move, 'cause once it's in the room, it's there for life! Overall, a really good deal with the mattress added.Decent value
I bought this for my daughter and she loves it. It is very heavy and will take 2-3 people to carry. It will also take at least 2 people to put together. Overall a nice bed for the money.Good for the price
This bed was very easy to assemble. I did it on my own in less than 3 hrs. The bed is solid hard to move once its put together, but takes weight very well. There is no shaking or bouncing around like other beds. ;)
The bare platform wood could have been more pleasant but once the mattress is on, it doesn't really matter. If you have bad knees you might want to get a higher bed or a thick mattress. This bed is very low (as in mid shin), does not reach your knees and may be difficult to get up easily. Good thing is you don't need a noisy box spring! When dressed up makes the room look very classy. Great bed, I highly recommend.Very Sturdy, Good Value
Very heavy box, difficult to get it outside but very easy to assemble.Cheap and easy to assemble
I bought this bed to go with our beach them in our bedroom. It is very hard to find a queen size bed for this price and we couldn't be happier with it. No it is not the BEST quality, but it works great with our memory foam mattress. The instructions are not hard, my fiance and I put it together in under 30 minutes. Once you get it in the spot you want it, don't really think about moving it much. It is meant to stay put and is not made sturdy enough to be moved around alot. That would be why it is 129.00. I would recommend this to anyone who wants a nice, but reasonably priced bed.Serves its purpose!
This isn't the greatest bed, but it's not bad. It sits really low which is ok if you like that. It works for me, but I would prefer something higher and better quality.Alright.
I had to call the manufacturer to get replacements for the boards that FedEx broke. The fake wood material is not strong. But you get what you paid for and it is a nice-looking bedframe. If you have kids that like to jump on the bed, I would suggest you steer clear of products of this material. The assembly instructions are poor, but the manufacturer's customer service is great and sent me replacements right away at no cost to me.Cute, but beware.
The bed came damaged from factory (one of the panels). Overal I like the bedGood for guest bedroom
Overall a very good product for the price. I highly recommend using a drill.Good for the price
This is a nice bed. It was fairly easy to put together with the exception of the molding which I had some difficulty with. Although this bed does not require a box spring, I used one anyway otherwise the bed is pretty low to the ground.Nice bed for the price
Difficult at best to follow the instructions on the build. the molding doesn't quite match up on the ends so it overhangs and doesn't look fully finished...but a comforter pretty much covers that.Great Price for the Bed
I was a little hesitant to purchase this bed after reading a couple of negative reviews. I decided to take a chance because of the low price. Once my bed arrived, I had absolutely NO PROBLEMS putting this bed together. The hardest part was lining the boards up just right; that took a few minutes. Once the boards were lined up, the screws fit the holes perfectly. The instructions indicated that a drill should not be used. However, the drill made the assembly process a lot faster....and easier, as there were quite a few screws. I would recommend paying a little extra to have the bed delivered to your home. The box is VERY heavy, and you will need a truck and someone to assist you if you have it delivered to the store. If you're looking for a simple, sturdy bed at a low cost, I would definitely recommend this product!Great product for the price
Other reviews stated this bed was hard to assemble. I found it very easy even assembled it by myself. Most pieces were well marked just a few were confusing. Definitely worth the purchase price.Good deal
You get what you pay for. This is no where close to good quality expensive beds but it is a good quality for the price. I took close to 3 hours to assemble this bed completely and I was little annoyed with it's design and assembly instructions.

The final product looks good and I am happy with my purchase. This bed will not dissappoint you but don't expect Ashley Furniture quality out of this.Good bed for cheap
This is a decent platform bed for the price. It did need two of us to put it together (and at times, I wished we had a 3rd person to help) and once you get the basic frame together and square, the rest is pretty easy. One negative is the dowels are plastic, not wooden, and when trying to put the beginning parts together, the dowels kept slipping out - making me wish for a 3rd set of hands to hold things together until it was all screwed in. If the dowels were wooden, I would've rated it 5 stars.

Also, it came in one very large box! We had to open it on our porch and take some of the pieces out in order to get it into the house. Once the box was light enough, we lifted it inside. Delivery was very quick! :-)Good bed for the price
I needed this for my guest room without having to pay a lot of money. I love it. I also bought the night stands to go with it and the set looks great.Looks great and easy to assemble.
This is a HEAVY frame. I had to do it all on my own or it would have came out perfect. it does miss some holes but it is easy to put to gether over all. Even though I didn't get it perfect due to doing it alone it is perfectly stable and comfortable.Make sure you have two people
The black finish was better than I expected. I would most defenetly recommend this bed if you are interested in a platform bed.Great bed for great price.
After reading the reviews both good and bad, I thought for the price it was worth taking a shot at this bed. Yes, the box is heavy so have someone help you with it, and yes, it is difficult to put together but if you have power tools it won't be. GET POWER TOOLS otherwise you will be killing your hand screwing in the screws. After laying a mattress on the bed, molding and all it looks nice. If you have patience and power tools, I'd recommend this bed. It's good for the price.get power tools
But after paying a handyman several hours of wages to finally get it put together, it looks nice and guests love it.Impossible to assemble
a bit heavy for the basic design, but sturdy and looks nice.great basic bed frame
Took 2 women a couple of hours to assemble so not that difficult. Once put together correctly this is one solid platform. We arent used to it and keep stubbing our toes on it but that is the only downfall. You also have to get used to your bed being a little lower as I was used to a regular frame with boxspring and mattress.Great platform for the price
This platform bed is a good buy for the price and is easy to put together. The instructions are a bit vague, but thankfully it becomes obvious were certain pieces go. I put it together myself in about a 1 1/2 hours. With two people it would have taken half that time or less.Good Value
I purchased this for our spare room and I really like it. It was a little tough putting it together because the screw holes didn't exactly line up in some areas, so we just made new screw holes and it seemed to work out just fine. The bed itself is very sturdy and it looks nice all put together. Overall, I'm really glad I purchased this. Oh, also, we chose to have it shipped to our home as other reviewers had said and that was brilliant. I would have been very upset to have tried to get this from the store; it is very, very, VERY heavy. As it was, having it shipped straight to us, my fiance and I had to leave it at the bottom of the stairs, open the box, and bring it up in pieces. It's made from MDF which is extremely heavy, and the pieces are pretty big so it was also awkward. If you plan on buying this, my advice is to have it shipped to your home.Nice bed for the price
I had time to sleep in my bed, and overrall it's awesome,very comfortable and love the fact that it was so easy to assemble.......Comfortable.sleep
Doesn't work with boxspring. Very easy to put together. Even with one person. More of an expresso finish than chocolate which was nice. Felt study even though it's particle board.Good value
Very simple and easy to assemble. One thing that is frustrating is the 3 molding strips that "frame" the mattress are put on last with screws that are drilled from the bottom..Hoever there is not enough height left to get the drill under, to put in the screws so someone has to pickup the entire bed to screw the molding downGreat Bed
This platform bed is much heavier than I expected. Also, it is very low to the ground. I'm 5'11 and it is hard to get out of in the mornings.Nice platform bed
the only thing i didn't like when setting this up was how some of the pre-made holes were not straight on where they needed to be in order not to screw through the wood. so i had to make my own holes which was ridiculous. but overall i am happy with how it turned out and very sturdy and strong. and i put it together myself.great for the price
I purchased a similar platform bed several years ago. This one may be a lot sturdier because the platforms sit on walls and two additonal inserts all serving as support/legs. My previouse platform was supported by four single legs and one piece of wood in the middle of the bed, only good for quiet sleeping. It was also easy for me to assemble alone. The con is that is lower than my previous bed, but I should have paid more attention to the deminsions.Great for the price.
I would recommend this bed to a friend because it was cheap and easy to put tpgether. It seems pretty sturdy. A good piece of furniture for a good price. The onlu thing I didn't like was that it sits low to the ground. It only raises the bed 10 inches.Good, Sturdy Bed
Very nice bed. Just took me almost 4 hours to put together though...appearance is excellent. Totally worth for the price.Nice bed!!!
I purchased this use in my winter home for about four months a year. I was able to put it together by myself (i'm disabled with spine problems). the only problem I had was that my hands were not strong enough to put in all of the screws so I needed to purchase a small electric screwdriver. not a problem if you have strong hands. you cannot countersink the screws, which would be nice because the screws will catch on the bottom of the mattress or airbed, even with a skirt on it. My suggestion would be to put a couple of stips of duct tape over the screw heads to minimize the damage. Overall, this is a good, sturdy product that I am sure will get years of use from.good for the price
First of all, the instructions say two people needed. I am a 4'11 female and managed to do it by myself. However, a second pair of hands wouldn't have hurt. The instructions are kind of hard to follow and some of the pre-drilled holes didn't match up; don't even get me started on the molding. You're not supposed to use an automatic screwdriver, but if you're careful and slow, you can get away with it. But in the end, I got a real good looking bed and it's quite comfortable. I have a 12" memory foam mattress on top.Instructions not great, but bed turned out well!
Cheap but hasn't fallen apart yet so that's good. Assembly took 3 people but was fairly easy.You get what you pay for.
My bed arrived this afternoon. It says you need 2 people to put it together. I don't know why. I am a 74 year old woman who weighs about 120 pounds. It took me about an hour to put it together and I did it all by myself. The bed is perfect for my extra room. Exceptional value. Looks better than a metal bed frame.Get it.
Would recommend this bed frame for memory foam mattress.Great bed frame for the price!
we got ours a week after getting it online, and when it arrived, the 2 outside pieces had massive chips in them! it looked like someone chucked it in the box, then wrapped it. only other issue is there's a ton of screws. nails would be easier to use to put on the trim. good purchase, just make sure to have the tools you need lol. very comfy to sleep on once finished.nice
with all the other reviews, we were expecting problems assembling it, but my husband and a friend didn't have trouble at all, looks good too even if the top is not same color, just need to adjust the bedding to cover it...

so far sturdy and as a small person my only issue is that I bruise my legs getting in and out... it will take time to get used to it and find the right way in/out... overall happy with the buygood product for the money spent
I was able to assemble it pretty easily by myself in a few hours. Package is VERY awkwardly shaped and heavy, so it got damaged in shipping on one corner, but that was relatively covered up during assembly.

Either way, looks and feels great. Very sturdy. Considering I spent 150 bucks including shipping this was a great deal.Great value for the price.
We really liked the bed and have needed one for a long time, but when it arrived one of the pieces that lays on the top was broken to about 8 inches in because the plastic packaging was pulled to tight. We put some books under it to make it work because we had already thrown out the old bed. Other than that we love our new bed and plan to buy two more but twin size next month.It's taller than we thought. That's good.
The bed was a little lower than I expected. Some of the holes did not line up. When setting up the bed make sure it is where you want the bed, if you need to move the bed it will not hold together, but the look of the bed put together is great! The bed has a shinny black finish and looks good!Low platform bed
This bed is ok for a temporary use. I purchased it because i would be living with someone short term and its serving its purpose. Its not exactly what i hoped for but its sturdy, when put together correctly, however my fiance noticed that the wood began to chip as he tighten the screws. Its very low to the ground and easy to get in and out of its thats necessary for you. I personally prefer something much higher but im adjusting well. I would recommend this bed for a temporary use so if your looking to keep this bed for a long term period i would suggwat something else.nice bed for low price
It sits lower to the floor then I expected, but I don't have any real complaints about the bed.Suitable bed for the price.
Excellent bed, relatively easy to put together, and inexpensive to purchase. Can't beat that. Takes some of the expense out of buying a new bed.nice inexpensive platform bed
I did order the bed frame and wanted something sturdy the cats could not crawl under. It is more stable than an IKEA fake wood frame bed. I was not happy at the end when placing the molding on only to find out the hole were not pre-drilled. Also the angle to screw in the holes was upside down from underneath the bed. Its a good thing I own tools and not afraid to use them. I took a marker and dotted from the holes in the bed frame to align on the molding then drilled holes. It was much easier placing the screws in the upside down position from the floor at this point. At the end of the day, I love this bed frame. I have slept well knowing that it will not collapse and my cats will not be crushed under it.Was what I wanted
Good for it's price. Little tricky to assemble but final appearance is good.Good for it's price!!
Assembling the product is a challenge as the holes for screws are not provided and because of which you have to be really careful.Great for a budget
I owned this bed a few years ago (long story short got divorced ex took the bed), so recently I decided to get another one because I enjoyed the first one. With the way these are shipped it is not uncommon for there to be minor damage to the pieces as was the case this time, but that damage was easily fixable with a few extra things. I recommend you pick up a few things before you attempt to put this together and if you aren't sure of your abilities to put it together get someone more experienced to help. First a square, this will be extremely helpful making sure you have everything at a right angle so you aren't having to wiggle pieces later to make it fit. Second, some self-tapping wood screws my bed had a crack right through one of the pre-drilled holes so I just moved a little over and use a self-tapping screw that I had on hand. Third some wood glue, I placed some where the aforementioned crack was to make it nice and flat and in another place where I had the same issue, set something heavy on it and viola fixed. All in all this isn't hard to put together but I do recommend a drill/driver just take it easy with it or you will destroy the bed.A few extra things
Basically you get what you pay for. For a little over a hundred dollars you are not going to get a bed made out of real wood. With that said, this bed is very sturdy considering, if you take your time and put all the screws in tight. It was not too hard to put together, just some tricky parts so you really have to look at the pictures. I fumbled with step 4 trying to get the 2 sides hanging off exactly right but that is what the 2 little wooden pieces are for. You use them as a guide. It was in the picture but I didnt get that from the picture. I really had time getting that molding on. Like the other reviews say, the molding is not pre-drilled so it takes some real elbow greese to get those screws in, I think a power drill would have been a lot easier. There is a video on google that shows how to put the molding on correctly by using 2 chairs. The biggest thing I didnt like was after you put the molding on you can still see some of the partical board. No one is going to be bending down looking that close but that should have been more clean looking. Overall, I would buy this bed again for the price. It looks very nice & is a good price.Good bed for the price.
Had some issues putting it together because the directions were not that clear, but finally did and it works.It is nice for a simple room
My only problem was the boards didn't accurately line up when screwing into the bed but other then that the bed is what i expected.stylish bed
with this price that was good but this is a little heavythat was good
It is easy to assemble and looks good.Good affordable choice
I actually put this together by my self and I didn't have any trouble. I think the last step, adding the molding, could have been moved up to the beginning. Other than that, it's pretty perfect.Great Quality Product
Nice bed but the corners are sharp.Sharp corners.
The assembly isn't too bad, and the bed looks just fine. It is slightly larger than our queen mattress, but it works.Good Bed for Price
Extremely heavy box when arrived!
Took some time to navigate the assembly from
directions! Took an hour or so!Good addition!
An inexpensive piece of furniture that looks really great in our daughter's room. A pain to put together and very poor quality, but it suits our needs and budget for right now.You get what you pay for!
I was nervous when my kids started jumping on the bed, because it may not be stable enough to withstand that for years. However, it's a nice platform bed. It's very comfortable. Fairly easy to put together. Good buy if you're considering.May not last forever, but looks great, great buy
only gave 4 stars cause of instructions. most furniture come with bad instructions so it is kinda standard. Still easily assembleable. IT recommends 2 persons and I did about 80% of the assembly alone and needed help on the last section of the setup. So I definitely recommend two people if possible. Everything else holds up good. Only this is if you don't aling everything right the sides of the platform will eventually come out since it is just held by screws into the composite wood material. Take your time with the assembly making sure everything that is screwed is alinged to correctly go into wood.sub-par instructions
The only complaint I have is that it was somewhat difficult to put together because of the spacing needed on both sides of the platform. If they could have grooved it in someway it would be super awesome.I like it but..
I'm happy with the platform bed.
It's what I expected.
It looked exactly like the photo shown in the Wallmart ad.
I did have problems putting it together!
Certain planks did not fit together as the screw holes did not align correctly.
They were drilled incorrectly and I had to have someone come and drill new holes to put it together.Inexpensive solution for a mattress
I use this with a memory foam mattress, and it is ideal for that purpose.

Wal*Mart FedEx'ed it to my house for free -- a 125 lb package. The shipping alone should have cost more than $100! That's what makes it an amazing value.

I'm very happy with it, but I'm only giving it 4 stars due to a few minor complaints: (1) one critical piece was not labeled, I had to figure it out by process of elimination. (2) the trim pieces don't tap easily and were very difficult to tighten. Instructions should suggest a padded vice or clamp to hold trim piece in place for tightening, and perhaps an impact screwdriver, or starter holes. (3) mattress base is unfinished. It's not unattractive, but it does peak out under the corners of the mattress, and a black finish would be preferable there. If it bothers me enough, I might put some construction paper there to take care of it.

Tip: measure the base diagonally to ensure it is square before you attach the upper platform planks.

By the way, the instructions say it needs 2 people to assemble, but I did it alone and I'm an old man.An amazing value
We got this for our daughter, it meets our expectations but does not exceed them. The construction and appearance are fine, but it is very short. had we known it was so low to the ground we might have considered something else.Good
I absolutely love this bed got it like 2 weeks ago easy to put together and worth itAwesome bed if you need something quick and cheap
The bed is exactly what it looks like and what you'd expect for the price. It is functional and attractive enough for the price and sturdy. It is very low to the ground, only about a foot off the ground. I prefer a higher bed, but it fills the bill for my son.Great for the price
Assembly should be more easy. All the parts should labeled.Top borders needs improvement
Very easy assembly and sturdy for cost, just bought a full size for my sons roomGreat value for cost
A little darker color than I expected almost black, but looks good and was easy to setup hvy, but you need that anyway. Good price for a platform bed.Great priced for good looking platform bed.
Once assembled, product was beautiful. There was some difficulty in assembly though. My husband is quite handy with assembling furniture and did figure out how to solve the issue.The product was as I expected.
Could use some directions instead of just the 4 line diagrams.Love it now that it's up
it is very good value for moneyvery nice
First and foremost I want to say I am very happy with this product. I bought the Queen sized version and it fits my mattress perfect.

The bed took about 1.5 hours to build from un-boxing to finished. You only need a #2 screw driver to assemble it. The instructions are good but could be a bit clearer. The wood panels have pre-drilled holes for dowel rods and they only orientate one way. The instructions don't give you any help with this and you will have to figure it out on your own ( the holes near the edge go on the bottom). I would recommend having an electric drill and screwdriver as the final 20 or so screws don't have pre-drilled holes and are a pain to force in by hand ( The force needed to push the screws in peeled skin from my hand). Some of the pre-drilled holes didn't line up properly and I had screws push through the front of the wood paneling.

The wood panels are only painted on the visible sides. So the headboard side has to go against a wall or you can see the ugly brown particle board. The same is true of the top side where the mattress sits. Without the mattress this would be an ugly piece of furniture ( however that is a non-issue 99% of the time. Also a bed skirt would fix that easily.

I actually think the finished product looks better than the pictures on the Wal-Mart site.

The bed is very sturdy once you complete the setup. No rocking or creaking which is the main reason I wanted a platform bed. The platform is very heavy and takes 2 people to lift and move. Don't expect to slide it by yourself after it's built.

The only things I would suggest as an improvement is paint on the top and back so it looks good from all angles. And pre-drilled holes for all screws.

Overall worth the money and would recommend.Best Platform bed for the price!
It was delivered in a timely manner, easy to assemble and didn't brake the bank. What else is there to say.Great value for those with a low budget
Not bad for the money took about an hour to set it up without power toolsGreat for first apartment
I think this product was good for the money. It was not hard for me to put together but for someone else it may have some difficulty. I would recommend this product but you must understand that this is a contemporary style product and is not made for someone who has a history of wear and tear but if not I would say a great product.A good bed for the money
Tough to put together when the screw holes aren't aligned. Other than that, its a nice bed frame.Nice frame, pain putting together
1.) Be prepared for your delivery. This is one heavy box that weighs in at about 135lbs. Delivery gets it to your door front and that is it. The length of the box is a tad longer then a queen size mattress so you may have to open the box and take parts out to get them from place to place.
2.) I was very impressed with the way this was packaged. The boards are packaged in such a manner that even if the box were to get damaged a bit in transit the bed should be fine.
3.) The build was not bad. If you are use to looking at instructions to assemble furniture this should be easy. We did have one issue with one of the boards not having the hole drilled completely through but that was easy to fix with a drill.
4.) The most complicated step in the build is laying the platform boards. You need to use caution when lining these up to the bottom boards so that you do not end up with a screw coming out of the side. The instructions tell you not to use a drill for screwing the screws in but if you are careful a drill makes for much faster assembly.
5.) There are little felt pad that are included in the assembly that allow for you to move the bed on a non-carpet floor. If this bed is going to be on a carpet floor it would be very hard to move around.

We are using this with a Spa Sensations 12 Theratouch Memory mattress also purchased from Walmart in our guest bedroom and could not be happier with it thus far!A great value for the money.
the bed is great. challenging at times putting screws in for the siderails. bed had to be put 2gether and then had to raise the bed to put screws in...not convienent. Otherwise, once completed, great platform bed to haveok platform bed for sleeping
No big surprises, directions a tad confusingit works
It was good but too heavy. Women can't do it by herself. I was spend an hour to set up it. We use 2-3 men to carry it.Too heavy but good
Took much longer than expected to put this together! In hindsight, it wasnt very difficult but many of the pieces look similar and the instructions provided are very vague. However, I am very pleased with the finished product. It is simple but looks great. It makes the bedroom look much larger and its very sturdy. Good buy for the price.Good value, terrible instructions
Putting the molding part is very confusing. It is not very crystal clear in the customers manual...
to how to do it. My foot side molding is about 4'' longer than the bed....will call the manufacturer about it. That means I have not finished the bed yet but I am sleeping on it. It feels good. Recommend that manufacture creates a new and a better Instruction Manual.OK BED
I love how much more comfortable my memory foam matress feels on this bed, I dont see it being worth almost 200.00 though. its four pieces of foam covered in fake leather, its nice though.
the only real thing that had me a bit irritated was when it got shipped to the store. my box looked destroyed. in fact, a bag was sliced open the box looked ripped open and there was a huge scratch on my bed. and thank god it is where you cant see it.or I would have had to wait longer for a new one to come it. its an okay buy. if I would have known it then I would have just made my own platform bed for alot cheaper.so,so
This bed frame is great. Very sturdy and doesn't squeak or make noise. I really like it. The only thing is that building it was a pain! You'll really want a drill for this project and make sure the bed is squared before you put the top platform on and that all your nails are aligned on wood before drilling them.. You'll understand once building it. I'm very happy with my purchase though in the end!Great Bed Frame
Set up was a little hard but once it was complete, I love it. Some people complain that it's too low to the floor but even though it says box spring is not required, I'm still using mine. My bed is awesome!!!!My first bed frame
Only took about an hour to assemble (box is super heavy and long - get a helper to carry)
Instructions are simple (most parts are not marked - but easy to figure what goes where)
I used a screw gun on the lowest setting to avoid stripping out screws, you should have a square or something to make sure the frame is square before you install the top boards
once I put my mattress on, no movement, squeaks or rattles - solid as a rock.Great bang for your buck
I have been looking for a bed that did not need a look of fuss to make it look attractive. Fixing took little longer to me, but not gave me much trouble. Good for the price, can buy this, who does not look for an appearance.Good one for the price
went together very easy , sturdy . heavy . If I were to do this again , I would pick it up at the store . the fed ex guy just droped it in a snowbank outside my house , didn't even put it on the deck by the door .nice platform
The bottom board is back inside out.The bottom board is build backwards inside out.
I bought this initially for use as a spare/ guest bed. You may need someone to help bring it into your home because it was very heavy! But I easily put it together. Looks very nice however its a little low. I would recommend getting a THICK mattress but if not it still serves its purpose. Its very sturdy and has a sleek, modern look. A great buy and well worth the price! ;) especially on a budget!Great buy! ;)
It looks amazing in my room. Exactly want I needed and I am using my old mattress on top. Was planning on getting a new one. But now with the platform it feels like a whole different bed. The frame itself is nice and sturdy after being put together. Love the 10 inches of height off the ground. Its not too high or too low. Just the right size for me. My husband put this together in less than an hr. Would of been faster if he wasn't constantly taking breaks. But overall I rated it a four because my queen mattress seems to be a bit smaller about an inch off each side. Also the item was super heavy and large and is hard to move if you ever plan to rearrange. Other than that, LOVEEE IT! Thinking of purchasing a twin for my quest room.Great product.
Loving it so far. Very nice and sleek. Doesn't look cheap but doesn't look expensive. Average. If you know how to decor a room it will look very nice and passable.passable
Works for what you need it for good lookNot a bad frame...
Easy to put together. Ordered online got delivered in timely fashion to store. Heavy and long box. Other that didn't take much time to put together. Happy with it all around!Homey looking bed frame.
At first glance I was skeptical but after the platform was assembled it held pretty good. Pretty sturdy.great platform
I bought this bed for my sons first apartment. I had it shipped to his home, it arrived sooner than expected but was nice to receive early. It was fairly easy to assemble (so he says) but some of the holes were either missing or not lined up properly. He was still able to assemble the platform and sleep comfortably. Although this is a recent purchase, he is happy with it so far.Nice deal!!
I'll have to admit that at first I was a little nervous setting the bed up. It didn't seem all that sturdy and the wood was a composite wood (which I've never had good results with). The kit itself was missing 7 screws, but came with a ton of extra dowels. Still, after we got it all put together (2 people, 1.5 hours) it supports our bed well and leaves us comfortable the night through. I'm satisfied with my purchase and would still recommend this platform bed to someone else if they asked.Seems to be sturdy enough!
Good bed for the price, set up was easy and the bed is very solid.great for the price
Looks like the picture and is very sturdy. It was pretty easy to set up but it is very heavy and will be a pain to move if you had toLooks good, sturdy
Very hard if you don't have a hammerOverall good bed
I bought this for my 14 yr. old, she LOVES it! The instructions are a little hard to follow, but I have a little handyman in me, so I was able to figure it out.Great bed for the price.
Love it! Quite sturdy & looks great. Even though one of my edges had been dented slightly, but I say that was because of the delivery people. The box was all tore up by the time I received it. It's not a light frame.Love this!
Boyfriend put it together in about 2 hours. Put box springs on top too. Makes higher bed. It's perfect. Delivery was awesome, no problem with bed. Great price and looks nice.Awesome bed. Love it.
So when I first got it, I freaked out! I thought it would be hard to set up, but it wasn't :) my dad and I did it in less than an hour and it turned out great! Good quality!Better than I expected
Its geart bed I love it.great bed
Easy to put together and nice for the price. Using as guest bed wish it came with a headboard thou.Good for price
They say don't use a drill. But if it wasn't for the drill, the screws wouldn't have gone in all the way. So difficult to screw by hand. I love to put things together but it was annoying.
But the bed is really nice and sturdy. I love it now that I'm done putting it together!great product, annoying assembly
It was really easy to set up. It says you need two people, but I think in less than an hour I assembled it myself.
The color was as expected. However, I wonder how would I do when I need to move that bed. It will probably have to be taken apart because I feel it will break if you want to move it.
It is very heavy when it comes on the box, so be prepared if you are not on a first floor.It might be a bit too low
Pros: Cheap, simple, looks great once completed and saves me a few hundred bucks from buying a box spring.
Cons: Takes forever to build about 2-3 hours by yourself, some screw holes don't align making some of the pieces not align, so looking up close the appearance is not all great.Great for the price.
Meets ExpectationsMeets Expectations
Our old box spring broke and we were sick of the squeaking everything we turned over, so we bought this platform bed to take its place. I was home with our twins when it was delivered and carried it piece by piece upstairs. It says you need two people to set it up, but I managed just fine by myself. The only thing I would suggest is maybe the company make sure the platform planks match up and predrill into the frame. I found the holes didn't line up with the frame like it should, but it's holding up just fine so far.Love it, but...
The box it came in was opened and looked like it was tossed around thru delivery! Once I opened it at home one of the wooden pieces was chipped off!Good
Goes together well. A little heavy but meets my nerds.sturdy piece of furniture
Everything was OKAY to assemble, some parts were chipped at the end. If you want perfect alignment and perfect straight boards spend more money and get something else. It's great for those who can't spend more than 200, and it does its job well. The MOULDING ..Lord the moulding. You have to align it yourself and it has no pre-set holes actually IN the moulding itself, so screwing it in is a gamble. I recommend two or more people set this up, you can do it yourself just be ready to sit down and actually read. Also, use a screw driver, you need it, trust me. And the names for the pieces are on the edges of the pieces most the time.

-The edge of the bed hangs over the bottom front portion. They give you these rectangle measurements (They look like the moulding but smaller and not labeled) that are kind of hilarious but i guess thats all they could think up as a measurement device.

If you are thinking of getting this and have a team of half-decent friends( or half-decent family) then go at it and offer them cookies for their work . Just read the directions before hand and you'll be golden.Read the directions closely!
I have a the older Tempur-Pedic bed with the pillow top....it is mad heavy and dense. I've been using this for 2-3 weeks now and it has been doing the job...good alternative to spending 400-600 for a new frame and box spring.Low cost bed that fits the bill
excellent bed for teenagers no more mess under the bedgreat platform bed
I put it together while pregnant so it's not very hard though I suggest having a drill which will make it so much easier. The only real complaint I have is that if everything isn't lined up perfectly at the end the molding will be off. It's less than an inch gap on one of the corners of mine which I can ignore for how much I payed for it.Good for the price
Easy to assemble. Looks great!Love it
WAS VERY EASY TO ERECT AND PUT TOGETHER, I ALONE PUT IT TOGETHER AND NEEDED NO HELP, JUST THOUGHT IT THROUGH BEFOR STARTING.VERY GOOD PRODUCT
Perfect! No boxsprimg, no iron frame. Perfect fit better sleeping than boxspring. Great look. Too bad no opportunity 2 have someone put 2gether. Would have been worth cost.foundation
Relative easy setup, about 30 min. Instructions were straightforward. Bed is made of particle board, but once constructed, bed is solid. All pre-drilled holes were accurate. Overall - very satisfied with purchase.Solid - Economical - No Frills
I put this together by myself. I really like it. The price and the quality are good and I can and will add the headboard. It makes my mattress much more comfortable. The only thing I didn't like it the railings. The aren't as secure but I need some extra strength to screw them in. Overall, very happy with it!!!! Once you put the bed together, add the mattress, blankets, you can't even see it....Really good for the price!!!
I bought this Queen bed to use with a memory foam mattress. I am pleased with my decision so far (slept on it 3-4 times). This is in an attic / Cape Cod style bedroom where space is conservative, but I still have plenty of room around this bed and could position it on any wall and have enough room. Warning: unless you're The Hulk, plan on bringing someone with you to carry the box! Setup was easy - nothing to report there (this might be obvious, but a screw gun was very helpful).My First Platform Bed
I have just obtained this platform and i would say that it has a good quality for its price. The set up, however, can be a little tiring and time consuming but the outcome is a good appearance.GOOD QUALITY for the price
Not a bad product, not as well made as expected but you get what you pay for!Alittle cheaper then I expected but still great
The bed itself is fine. Have had it for about 2 years now without issue. I got the package deal at the time with the headboard. I haven't been able to use it because the holes don't match up at all. The material does not seem too sturdy to make new holes (pre-packed wood or something similar) to make new holes to use it. But again, utilitarian-wise. A good, low cost value.A good, low cost value.
Got this when I first moved out. Best deal at the time. Needed something cheap, that does the job while looking good. This platform gives a nice clean look while giving you a sturdy bed to sleep in without a problem. I put a memory foam on top and couldn't be happier.

Word of advice. Try and get 2 people to put this together.Great Bed for the Price
I love everything about this Bed except for the fact that its corners are very sharp and when put together they will destroy your leg/shin when you hit it...and you will hit it. They need to round them off and supply some foam bumpers. The platform was easy to put together and went smoothly...took about 30 min.Good platform but bad on the shins
Love it for the value...Hard for one lady to assemble had to get help
Particle board, but still looks OK... Instructions are poor but with some common sense you can figure it out.Not bad for the price.
Easy to build. Great for first bed frameGood product
I love how it was easy to assemble but you will need help to carry it. I guess its a good thing because it means its durable.Great Platform! Great Price!
Like it very much!Love it!
Better than sleeping on an air mattressGood platform for the money
I would recommend it,Good Item
I'd recommend this bed.Great value for the price, but too many screws!
Instructions could be a little better for setup but overall my 13 year old daughter loves it and I would purchase again if I had too.Nice Bed
This is a nice frame and is heavy so definitely recommend getting a buddy to help you out. Overall I'm happy with the product except for the screws they send I recommend getting your own screws from Home Depot, they send garbage screws. Otherwise great for the money and nice finish.Gets the job done
Very good bed but the setup is very difficult. The instructions given are also not so helpful. It took me few hours to setup this bed. But the quality is good.Good Product
Actually was able to do "most" of the set up alone. The bed looks nice and sleeps well. The molding was actually the hardest part! I will say the middle support boards inside the frame itself (H piece) only connects by little dowels - which is "OK" except when you have to pick up to move it be careful because they can come loose. The directions could do better with more clear photos. Has been set up for two days now - all in all I like it. Had to send the first one back because there were broken pieces - yes would recommend - for the price it certainly meets expectations.Good bed and value for price
solid and easy to set up and hopefully easy to take down (being used at college). A great value and looks really nice toogreat
I had purchased a queen size mattress and boxspring but the boxspring wouldn't fit up my narrow staircase. I returned the boxspring and purchased this platform bed. My son was able to put it together and it works just fine!Great option for narrow stairways
I would put the final trim pieces on first because you will not be able to lift the bed when it is finished. looked great when it was done and it was pretty easy to put together but I recommend having two people to carry this box as it was very heavygood for the money
Remember that the shipping carton is 8 feet long and weighs approx. 175lbs;
All materials arrived undamaged and were easy to sort before assembly

NOTE: The Assembly Guide is limited regarding written instructions: VIEW THE DIAGRAMS WITH GREAT CARE TO IDENTIFY PROPER FACING OF PANELS AND TO ANCHOR WITH PROPER HARDWARE!

BEFORE ANCHORING THE PLATFORM PANELS, ENSURE THAT:
1. THE FRAME IS PLACED WITH A TRUE 90 DEGREES IN EACH CORNER;
2. THE FIRST PLATFORM PANEL IS ANCHORED TO EXACT SPECS., AS THIS PANEL WILL SET THE TEMPLATE FOR THE OTHER 3 PANELS
3. THE BLACK PAINTED EDGES/SURFACES OF THE PANELS ARE FACING TOWARD THE FOOT OF THE BED
We are pleased with this product.Good value, sturdy and attractive
You will need a power tool to set it up but the set up isn't difficult. The bed is really nice. It looks really pretty. My husband loves the design and style of it.Great Bed, excellent price, beautiful design.
too heavy to move and hard to set up.good
good one! Strongly recommendQuite sturdy
After my husband and I had not had a bed frame in forever, this one worked really well for us! Assembly was pretty easy. The only thing we do not like is how the edges do not fit properly due to the screws not going in all the way. The instructions say to use only a hammer and a screwdriver, however this part we believe needs a drill. So for now they are loose until we can drill the screws in. Overall, though we love our new bed and it keeps our mattress high off the floor!A great buy for a small bedroom!
easy to assemble, quick shipping, good size and colourGood product
Simple and easy to set upSimple one
Item was super heavy. Required a 2 man lift. But serves its purpose.great item for the price
goodgood bed
The bed platform looks great and very affordable; however, required a lot of time and energy to assemble. You need to be very careful when screwing the platform boards onto the bottom frame, as there are no marking or indicators to ensure everything is in the correct place and proportional.Looks great but difficult to assemble
Shipped in no time and delivered to the house at no cost. A big plus. I put it together myself with the easy instructions. Took me about a half hour. It's for a guest room and looks great. I am very happy with it.South Shore Queen Platform
Liked the design and mostly the built quality. Very sturdy and feels durable.Very sturdy and convenient
Good platform for a good pricePlatform frame
it was a pain to put it together but looks sooooooooo good after it was done... my daughter is definitely reaping the benefitawesome when done
For the price this is a good value...time will tell how it holds up.Good value for the price
The bed is what we expected it to be. It came earlier than promised in good condition. The only issue we had was the FedEx Ground driver that made the delivery was very rude and could have cared less. Not a good representation of FedEx and certainly not the fault of Walmat by any means.
Buy it it makes a good guest bed for cheep money.Platform bed
For the price, this a very nice well built piece of furniture. I was mildly concern that it might look really cheap in person. Fortunately that's not the case.Great for the price!
My 15-year-old daughter and I put this together very easily. I was surprised at how sturdy it is. I bought this as a bundle with the headboard, however, the headboard came with no hardware to attach it to the platform bed. the headboard was also easy to put together and both look wonderful. Now ... hopefully Wal*Mart will get me some hardware to attach the headboard.Good Buy
Looks great, comfortable and affordable.Looks great, comfortable and affordable
I really love the design of the bed, but as the price suggests it isn't absolutely perfect. The different pieces don't all fit perfectly or line up exactly together. Again, you get what you pay for.Great bed for the price!
I feel that the plastic cylinder attached underneath the top platform will eventually fall out. You simply pushed the holding cylinders into place. Nothing really to hold it in. That is the only flaw I see for this bed. Other than that it is amazing. the cylinders haven't fallen out but I suspect te first time I get rough on it that they may fall out. Until it happens this bed is outstanding.Great but not positive
Great, no problem setting up!Bed
Purchased platform bed for son who is in the Navy. Perfect for his apartment. Quality is good.Just what we needed
This product was easy to assemble and wasn't missing parts. After assembly it was very heavy and we had to use furniture moved pads to position it in the room.Spare. bed
It was very easy to assemble. As others have stated, it is heavy, so dont pick it up, have it delivered. I bought 2 of these for my daughter who just moved into an apartment. The price was great, very affordable. I purchased air mattresses to go with them. The queen sized mattresses r a little small, so part of the platform shows. Next time I will get King air mattresses. .great buy
Goes together well with two people, can't beat the price. Nice finish.Goes together well
Great bed and easy to put together, would highly recommend!Perfect bed, perfect sleep
It is a nice platform bed. It is very comfortable and inexpensive. The instructions are kind of deceiving so we took some of it apart and had to fix it but otherwise easy to follow instructions.Good night's sleep
it had hole wrong side, so i have to make hole on one side of panel.
otherwise it's easy to fix. with two people. you don't need box spring you can just put your mattress.good for money
I saw this on this site, was sorta leery about it being press wood, but seems pretty strong. The directions are sketchy at best but if you look at it a few times it will make sense also it states 40 minutes to assemble if you haven't put one together before your looking at about a hour. It is very stable and doesn't move at all.Good looking bedframe
It was easy to put together. The mattress stays in place. I like itIts good for the price
This was a pretty decent deal and great bed. I'm glad I read the previous reviews about having it delivered to my home. At first I was planning on picking it up from store. But the reviews were right the package is very large and heavy. I am not sure at all how we would have brought it home. Otherwise the set up was pretty simple . My boyfriend did it alone and he is not pretty handy at all. It does have great storage underneath. However I originally thought the storage would have another slip underneath. Instead the boards that the mattress sits on are the only boards. Underneath the space the things placed inside sits on the floor basically. So the space was great for switching out my shoes from summer to winter etc . Or even storing my winter coats. Overall the bed is a great simple deal.Works Perfectly
I lik4e every easy to installNice
While I love how the bed looks and love the price (great bargain) it was a true pain to assemble. My husband is excellent at this and it took him hours getting all the parts together and then assembling. It also is VERY heavy in the box!Tough Assembly
works great and looks great and I'm really happy with the bed.great!
Good for a couple looking for economical queen bedGood for price
just useful for having a bed in a room that's not used often. perfect for spare room. we glued everything together...the slats and the screws into the boards. makes the product VERY sturdyuseful
Does what it need to do... needed extra screws for support, though.Platform Bed
love my bed but assembling was a huge hassle. make sure u have a power drill to attach the slats at the end. Also do it with someone. I did it by myself and took about 2 1/2 hours.assembly required
It's a good bed in respect to the price. The details are not as I was expecting but it's good.Bad Detailing
Good starter bed for a college student, or someone moving out on their own. The wood looks very cheap. Mine was already a little nicked. The style is very cool though. For what I paid, it is okay. I plan to get a really good looking comforter set to dress it up!Good starter bed for college
It's pretty basic. A little high for the price, but that was mainly due to shipping. Not sure why this isn't carried in the stores. Mine arrived with little damage, which was good considering how heavy it was. I didn't have any problems with the assembly until I started putting on the molding strips - that was challenging. The directions can be very confusing if you've never had to put together any type of Ikea furniture, otherwise I thought they were better than Ikea's - they just had lots of a=b=c type of abbreviations that can be overwhelming to a novice. I also don't believe this bed can be moved (from one home to another) after assembly.It does the job
Easy to assemble. Not bad for the price.
The edges do not line up well. The platform that the mattess lays on is not finished. This unfinish woods shows when the covers are pulled back.A little dissapointed
Great style and price, easy to assemmbleGreat Style Economical Buy
Can't complain about the price, but this bed is made completely of particle board. No one should ever design any structure that has to take dynamic weight, or that may have to be moved, completely out of particle board as the screws will always work loose, if not immediately, then over time. Before assembling it, we reinforced all the inside corners with 2x2 pine and screwed the bed together through the pine. This was enough to make it solid and it will now last. It would have been easy to manufacture the bed in this way, pre-drilling the 2x2 and providing bolts instead of screws to make it easier to dis-assemble later if it has to be moved.Good price but needs work
The bed is very sturdy, especially when placed on carpet, which will prevent sliding or wobbling. Assembly was easy, except that the rails, which are added in the final step, have to be attached from underneath. This requires you to elevate the bed so that you can fit a screwdriver into position. My only real complaint is that photos give the impression that the entire top of the bed is finished, when in reality only the outer edge (the rails) are. Because mattresses have slightly rounded corners, you can see the unfinished surface peeping out at you.Sturdy, but plain
I received the product very fast ! It actually came with all the pieces, too bad I had to drill holes to actually use them all because the holes provided didnt line up.You get what you pay for ?
It is very nice to look at, but putting this thing together is a major pain! It takes over an hour, and is complicated, even though it looks easy enough from the picture of the bed. If you are looking for something quick and relatively cheap, then this is the way to go. But be prepared for a hassle getting it together!It Is Ok...But Not All That
When I recieved the producted it did not have all the parts in it and took me another week to get them from the manifacturer.Not all the parts there
We bought this bed to use in our master bedroom. It would be better suited for occasional usage instead of nightly. This is a very heavy object and does require two people to assemble. Directions are difficult to read, even for this seasoned assembler. I like the coloring and clean lines. It is low to the floor, which is what we wanted. Think bed on the floor without a frame.Nice for guest bedroom
this bed was relatively inexpensive and easy to put together, but it's not as stable or sterdy as i'd like.cheap choice
The bed had some damage to it. I don't even think this is particable board. We believe it is saw dust glued together. It was hard to put together and we had to drill some of our own holes. They had put them in the wrong place.very difficult
It was easy to put together, but the ends (footboard end) were not the same length. So it's all jagged. The top (the platform) is not finished like the sides, so you need to have a comforter that covers it or you can it and it doesn't look good.
Otherwise, it's comfortable, and I didn't have to buy a boxspring so that is the upside.An okay bed
The bed looks nice now - but it took me and my boyfriend a long time to assemble. It was all going good, up until the "rails" or the edges that go around the bed to keep the mattress from moving had to be assembled. They have to be screwed from the bottom up and the pieces didn't have pre-made holes which made it really hard to put in place. By the end we had worn out the screwdriver and we had to finish w/pliers. Somehow we managed to get it together.
But now that it's assembled it looks nice - and seems to be sturdy enough. Good starter bed - make sure you have someone to help you assemble, it's definitely a 2 person job. :)Nice BUT Hard to Assemble
When I received this product, it was not at all what I had expected. When I started putting it together, I couldn't help but think "what did I waste my money on now". This bed is made of easily breakable particle board, and half the boards and holes did not even line up correctly. I had to put the bed together in the exact location I wanted b/c once it was together, it could not be moved or it would fall apart. I attempted to move the bed, but there is really no way to lift it except by the platform which is not sturdily connected to the support boards, so the screws pop out and the platform becomes disconnected. I'm almost positive I could have built a better bed for the $140 I spent on this one.Could have built a better bed for $140
For less than $140 - can't complain. Assembly took about 45 minutes.Good bed - for the $$
Basically you get what you pay for. Very cheap particle board. Once it is all together and in place it's great and serves it's purpose. However, if you want to move it at all it starts to fall apart. For the price it is okay for now.okay for price
This bed looks very nice in the picture, but is just so-so in person. The platform comes in multiple pieces that don't fit together properly and the molding does not meet in the corners causing ugly gaps.pretty in the picture
Wow, putting it together was a challenge, ok im not tecnically coordinated but, the extra pieces threw me off, the board that was not black and I thought it should be threw me off and the little 2 pieces of board(181 mm) I'm still stumped on! waiting until Monday to call tech support! of course while putting it together they were closed for support help. So i have half up and half im working on. But when done im sure i will be happy with it!HELP!
Bed was cheap as expected. You wonder (pre-assembly) how the bed will hold you and your partner because of the extremely cheap particle board. It is surprisingly sturdy and in fact does not give at all when assembled. Just be EXTREMELY careful if you have to move it around because the screws will easily pull out of the particle board. Better than expected given the price.Okay
It's VERY heavy! Assembly is difficult because some of the panels are cut unevenly and the directions are unclear, so you just have to figure out what pieces go where and where the screws go. The materials seem flimsy so I don't expect it to last too long. It's not bad if you're looking for something cheap. Once you get it put together, it looks ok as long as you don't have to move it. Moving will be very difficult! I wouldn't buy this again.Very Heavy/ Poor Design
As full-time college students my husband and I are on a tight budget. This bed looks nice, was easy to assemble and hasn't collapsed yet.eh...
I bought this product and when it came it was a little scratched. I know that every purchase is different so be sure you don't mind if it does come with a few. Putting it together was very simple. I had my wife help holding some pieces. It came together well except you know pieces never really match up like they are supposed to so...that being said the front has some minor breakage from the screws because the alignment was off. I choose not to sed it back because it was too heavy to get in the home & I wouldn't want to do it again. Not right now atleast.

I have not used it yet I am waiting on my mattress from walmart. But it seems pretty sturdy.Not bad
The boards underneath the mattress are not black and show around the edges of your mattress. Then the platform part of the bed is 3 separate boards. When you sit down on the foot of the bed, you can hear the boards creaking.Not very sturdy
I purchased this platform bed for my grand-daughters room. We were very pleased with the up-dated stylish look it gave her room.Stylish
you need to have atleast 2 people to work on it. the picture on the last diagram could use some work, otherwise i had no problems.assembly
Not much on the eyes but not difficult to put together and sturdyGood for the money
The bed is relatively comfortable and easy to assemble (you do need power tools though). It looks good, but the design is weird - the decoration rim comes at least 2 inches in front of the mattress and provides many opportunities for bruises.
Choose a better design if you plan to keep this bed for yourself.Worth its money
If you are looking for a simple platform to place your mattress on, this will work very well. It is well priced for what it is. Delivery was good (bear in mind UPS will only delivery to your front door), assembly was easy with clear instructions (I built it on my own- even though it recommended 2). My only regret- I should have gone for a platform bed with a headboard but if this is not important and you want something low and solid- go for this!An excellent compromise!
I did the Site to Store and the shipping was faster than expected. The package came in perfect condition. There were no chips on the wood and damage to the box and nothing was missing. The bed took about 45 minutes to put together WITH a power drill. Honestly your hands will be sore if you don't have a power drill because there's a lot to screw. It is particle wood so you have to be extra careful about screwing and moving the bed because you can easily chip or break it. You get what you paid for. It meets my expectation for the money I paid. I would recommend the bed if you are looking for a bed for a reasonable price.Average platform bed
the instructions are comfusing and it does take 2 people for the bed to made.
the box the bed in is bulky. better packaging is needed.
once bed is in place it does not move. we see how the bed holds up over time.. i could be replacing it down the road.southshore platform bed
The platform is adequately thick to provide good support without warping, but the size of the trim pieces around the edges leaves the particle board showing at the corners of the mattress. I just glued some birch laminate down. You could also trim some half inch birch ply down and use it instead of the included trim, but if you were to do that, you may as well build the whole bed. Which is what I should have done. It looks fine, but it IS a cheap bed. You get what you pay for...It does the job.
difficult to put together.great for my son's first apartment
although the delivery was on time, when i got home and began assembling bed, many of the pre-drilled screw holes were not centered properly at all. they were nowhere near the places they should've been, so it couldn't be put together properly- also, the edges you have to attach from underneath is pretty hard cosidering you can't see what you're doing and it's hard to get enough pressure screwing in from below.platform bed
It was an inexpensive frame that allows you to not have to have a box spring matress, which was the basis of it's appeal. I'm generally satisfied with it. But putting it together takes a lot of work and can be very tiresome on your arm with the many screws it takes. It also requires more than one person.Bang for you buck!
I did not feel that for the price I got a good value. I realy think that the wood is cheap and the whole thing I could have built cheaper on my own!!!Could of been better!!
I bought the bed because it looked easy to put together and the price and delivery were right. It was a gift to my daughter but she couldn't finish to build it. She says some holes are missing and she would have to drill. Which of course she doesn't own a drill. We hope that my husband and I will be able to go visit her soon (she lives 10 hours away from us) so we can see if we can finish the bed.Hard to put together
-It is lightweight so it was easy to bring at home with the help of frnds. Require truck/honda odyssey type of car to carry from site-to-store
-Instruction is very precise. Could have been elaborated or given colored pictures.
-My queensize mattress did not fit exactly in the dimension of the bed. Some space remains at the surrounding border.
-the view of the frame looks really good in the picture given on the website. But in reality, to see that view, you may have to sit on the floor and that too at particular angel.
-On one or two frames, label appears on edge was missing.
-Assembling is bit difficult for ppl who do not have experience before.
-In $130/- this product is okay for few yrs.
-Instruction for keeping side frame in proper way is missing. If you do a mistake then screw won't fit properly and may have to reopen everything.queen platform bed
Noxious fumes permeated this MDF platform bed so strongly after assembly that we were forced to move it outside for several days. We were thisclose to boxing it back up to return. We ended up painting the entire unfinished underside of the bed to bring it back inside our room to repel the off-gasses. The corners are very sharp. Despite this rocky beginning, it actually looks vey nice in our room. And the price is right.acceptable, but just barely
This product looks great, and I like the fact that they used reused wood in places that you can't see, but the instructions are confusing, and even after taking the bed apart and putting it back together it is still not completely stable and I am sure I will need another bed frame before next fall. It was awkward to put together and places where screws should go in were not marked at all, which made it hard to put it together.Good Product, But...
would be better to pay more because of the particle board and screws.
will not go the distance
made from scraps of particle board
not well designedget what you pay for
the bed looks great and does its job. only nevgative thing about it. is that it is not make for long term use, because it looks like it is made out of press board.
i know down the long run that i will have to buya good hard wood bed. but for now it will do.great for a temporary product
The bed looks great once set-up. Only thing was the wood was recycled (which is a great thing), but the wood did not have the smooth effect as shown on the picture online.Completed Look
For under $150, you can't expect a fine piece of furniture. For under $150, I think this bed is perfectly worth the price.

As far as assembly, I put it together by myself in less than two hours (Boyf did have to carry it inside - the box weighed more than I did). The hardest part BY FAR was the molding. If you have a drill, use it. If I were doing it again, I'd consider using wood glue first, then adding the screws. There's no pilot holes in the molding, which is sold wood, so it gets difficult to screw them in upside down.

The rest of the bed? Not too terrible. Take the time BEFORE you start to identify what every piece is and lay it out so you know how it goes together. The directions could be a little confusing, but nothing too terrible. The platform pieces definitely do not line up like they're supposed to, but I just made sure they lined up at the foot of the bed, and it was squareish. Honestly? No one's going to notice if the platform is slightly crooked or a half inch more to one side than the other.

I don't know how much weight it can hold, but it seems sturdy enough to me. If you're concerned about the mattress not being big enough to cover the pressboard, take an extra step and paint the pressboard the color you'd like. My mattress is a little smaller than the platform, but with sheets and a comforter, you can't see the platform part.

An affordable, easy to assemble bed that will do a great job of holding my mattress.The price is right.
I purchased this bed because I love the design, it's affordable and I can buy the bedroom set a piece at a time. When it arrived, several of the pieces were dented and cracked. Luckily, most of the dings were covered up by other pieces. Putting it together would probably have been less of a hassle if I hadn't let my husband help, although lining up the top boards and making sure everything is square can be tricky. The worst part about the bed is the moulding. Whatever they use to make the moulding is very resistant to screws. Also, since you need to screw them in from underneath the platform, you either have to stand on your head or prop up the bed. Either way, between the hard material and the inaccessibility of the screw holes, the moulding is not only on crooked, but it's only half screwed in. Again, if you don't have a husband who only thinks he's a handyman and have a drill for the moulding, I would definitely recommend this bed to you for the price.Nice Product, Has Some Flaws
Transport from store (using Site to Store): my sister and I got this to fit in her Mazda Protege with some creative seat folding. A couple of Walmart associates loaded it for us, which was great. It was pretty insanely heavy to lift out of the car, though. I wasn't sure if we would get it into my apartment without calling in some extra muscle--although we finally did. If I were doing it again, I would open up the box at the car, pull out the separate pieces and carry them in one by one.

Took about an hour and a half to assemble--I was able to do it alone. The instructions say you don't need a power drill, but I would certainly recommend one for driving the screws or you will be hand-turning screws all night.

I bought this to accompany an 8" memory foam mattress. My only regret is that the whole thing looks and feels rather "low-slung." Of course, that is the style of this piece, but it seems a little odd that my bedside tables (my own, not a part of this furniture collection) are so much taller than the finished bed. I kind of wish I had gone with 12" memory foam mattress. I may ultimately get some sort of boxspring or additional padding to go beneath the mattress to raise the overall profile.Pretty good
I would have given this bed a higher review but I found it difficult to put together. Not all of my pieces were labeled and it was rather like putting a puzzle together. Once we got it assembled, the corners did not match up exactly. The bed looks fine but took over 2 hours for us to put together.Nice for the price
I researched this bed for some time. I read the reviews and I agree and disagree with the other shoppers. My husband was able to put the bed together himself without a second person but he says it really looks like a cheap looking platform bed. I wished I had gotten the other platform bed that cost a little more. My big problem with this bed is that the top of the platform bed sticks too far out and I keep bumping into it and it hurts alot. Its very low to the ground even after buying a 8'' memory foam matress. I guess its ok if you are looking for something affordable but I just hope it doesnt fall apart on me in a couple of years.Affordable but cheap looking
It's good. But a little disappoint because I think it is a little weak and not easy to set up.Good But a little disappoint
The bed platform is pretty basic. It can be put together by 1 person. It is very heavy and pretty much once you put it together you can't move it around much. My biggest knock against the bed is in the design to construct the bed. You cannot really screw the screws in tightly enough so it will be completely flushed with the surface because there are no indentations built into the pre-made holes. Also, to attached the borders to prevent your mattress from sliding, you have to screw in the screws going from the bottom up. This made it incredibly hard because the bed is low and one cannot easily fit a screwdriver underneath the overhang to screw in the screw. That was downright a horrible construction design. Other than that, the bed is solid and will serve its purpose. Not sure if it really is worth the price though.So So
Love the look of this bed and actually makes the room look much larger than it is, but the holes that were predrilled didn't line up correctly so we had to drill new ones, which left some extra holes.looks great, but had to redrill holes
When my wife and i open the badly handled box we notice the wood was beat up due the the handling of FedEx. Then as we got closer the end of this project and certain screws provided just would not work. Luckly i had some carpenter screws laying around and finally got this thing together. After one nite on this platform it steems to be very steady for the price. Hopefully it will last alot longer.GOOD PRODUCT FOR THE PRICE
the bed is good, and assembly tis simpler. Height is very less, had to put some packing to increase the height.
2 days the bed is good, after that it makes sounds, I fixed the bed with no loose screws. may be the plank used is not of ggod quality, so its bending where there is no support. it is odd when some one sleeps in next room hears these sounds.makes sounds
The purchase was a Queen Platform Bed. The sides of the bed were bowed out creating difficulty for the pins on the center supports to stay in place. We had to put in additional screws to pull the bowed sides in to the center supports. And the screws that held the bed down were not the best. Suggest maybe wood glue along with different screws. Although, I did just buy the same bed in Jan of 2010 - full, for my son, and him and his friends put it together with no problem. I believe that the second bed was a problem due to the bowed sides of the platform bed.Assembly Disappointment
The bed is pretty simple and what I expected from Walmart. The package was pretty beat up, and I inspected it closely before taking it home. With that said, there was still one board that was slightly damaged, however, it didn't affect the assembly or structure.

Those who complained about the pre-drilled sections not working simply didn't follow the instructions. They are a little confusing, but follow them and it will be fine.

Like I said, it is a very basic bed from Walmart, you get what you pay for.Bed is what I expected
On the platform bed and molding: its certainly HEAVY enough. Looks good. I'm not really sure how long it will last. Had to call the company for further instructrions and the CSR said herself the directions weren't quite right.

all in all: ok purchase, and I do NOT feel ripped offnot sure yet
I bought this bed online and had it shipped to my Walmart. I picked up the bed on 2/6 and found that 1 piece was damaged and 2 of the main support pieces were missing. Called the company quite upset. Received the 3 pieces on 2/15. Took about 45 minutes to put the bed together myself. I would recommend this bed but with a warning - "check for all pieces before leaving the store".Got what I paid for.
I think this product is a wonderful product, but the instructions were VERY unclear. My husband had to take it apart and put it back together almost 4 times. It was very frustrating.Cute Bed
This is the first platform bed I've bought and I reaaly wasn't expecting it to be so low to the ground. It's about the same height with a matress on it as just having a boxspring and matress on the floor. I does look nice, but My husband is about 6'1 and he absolutly hates the height of the bed. Thats my only downfall. I'm sure the height is listed in the description somewhere, I guess I just didn't really think about it.wasn't what I thought
NO hardware...pieces stained to look like color of product. Platform is actually 4 small pieces...not great quality.You get what you pay for!
The bed was fairly easy to assemble, sturdy, and looks good, but the one drawback is that it's very hard to move. I've had to move it twice and it's been a nightmare. When you prop it up, the screws come out. Thinking I'll go to Home Depot and get a piece of plywood to nail on top to make it sturdier. The side pieces are fragile too. I like the clean lines though and have the matching nightstand and tallboy.Hard to move
its okay the wood smelt like rabbit litter the board that go on top are not even. the decorative side boards arent even. some of the predrilled holes wherent fully drilled and some where miss alined
it was easy to make only took about 40 minutes and it was cheap.it was cheap
Mine arrived broken, but had it not been I would have kept it. I was a little surprised that is was just particle board. I always forget to expect that, when purchasing inexpensive furniture.
I went to Home Depot and bought real pine wood and built my own with rails and all....for $10 cheaper. But, if you don't have time for that, this is a good alternative.What you pay for
Item was shipped to me without instructions but was easy enough to assemble without guidance. One complaint: the border for the platform bed, while attactive, sticks out about 2 inches on all sides of the bed and is just high enough to knick you in the shins every time you approach the bed.Platform bed
The bed is very difficult to assemble. It took me a good 2.5 hours with significant assistance from my wife to have this put together. The positives are once it is put in place, it does work. Its strong and can hold 2 people comfortable. The appearance is not bad and it does meet expectation.It does work
This frame is very cute and once put together works wonderfully. The problem is that half the holes to assemble this product are not present. My husband and I had to hand drill each screw in and any amount of pressure on the screws stripped them. The instructions state not to use a power drill on this product or it may break but if your a little on the weak side and cannot hand drill things it is very difficult to put this bed together. Also we ended up putting the platform on backwards because it is very unclear exactly how the pieces go on the bed. The pieces are marked as far as which is which but not as far as the direction to lay them for the platform. This made it very difficult to tell which side to put at the foot of the bed and which to put at the head.Horrible assembly.
I found this bed somewhat easy to assemble. It took me roughly an 1 hour and 30 mins to put together. The only qualms I have about this bed are the 3 long beams that come with the bed (You can not easily see them on the picture that Walmart shows). I suppose they are there to prevent the mattress from sliding off the frame. They were not the easiest part of the bed to install because the directions insist that you put them on after the bed is already assembled when they actually should go on towards the beginning. However, it's a pretty sturdy frame that looks fairly presentable.It's alright
I bought this bed because it looked nice and was cheap compared to others. One other person helped me set up the bed; it took about 2 hours. The bed frame is hard to move around because of the weight. We had to drill some holes of our own because some of the pre-drilled holes were in the wrong places. The corner of one of the boards was chipped when I got it, but I didn't mind. Best to use a drill instead of a screwdriver to save time. I was just glad when it was all done. So far it's been doing good.Decent bed for low price
Looks good but does not hold up well. Threw it out less than a year after having it.Doesn't Last
The bed itself was easy enough to put together. However, we were pretty disappointed with the final product. The base of it is exactly what we expected and there is the option of putting a headboard on at a later time. The part that we do not like is the molding that is around the platform to "hold" your mattress in place. It goes the opposite direction from what you would think and worst of all the boards that your mattress go on isn't black but the particle board. You can see the brown pressed chip board very well even with the comforter on. We would have taken it back if it wasn't for the pain of it all. We already put together and took down a different bed a few days before. Besides seeing the wood color and the trim looking a little "wonky" it's not a bad bed for the price.Not bad for the price...
I bought the bed for my small 2 bed room apt just as a transitional piece while I plan for my house. It was simple to put together and is fairly sturdy. Nothing extravagant, but it gets the job done!Basic Bed
Great looking product. good support. no need of box, you can directly put the mattress on the platform. there are no slats so the mattress will be stable.
But it is difficult to assemble without a electric screw driver. Very heavy and requires at least 2 people to move around. The product says that it can be reassembled but looking at the wooden frames and board it looks highly difficult to do so.Good Product
The bed is great and supports the mattress well however the directions are very unclear and when you try to put it together it doesn't make any sense.good bed hard to put together
It's not bad/good...It does what you need it to do...Going to have to paint it because you can see the wood...The mattress doesn't fit right...But hey...You pay for what you get...For my 16 year old son who just goes with the flow...As long as he has a bed to sleep in he's good...LoL...But I wouldn't get this for myself......It will do for now...
This is the very basic version; it looks like a plank a few inches above the ground. Without head board and all, it looks like a box. The whole bed is very heavy. I could not even move it from one room to other when I received it in a box. I had to slide it from one room to other. May need 2 people to assemble it.OK Product
it's nothing fancy and I worry about how well it will look after being taken apart and put back together. It does require 2 people to screw in the last part. I guess $150 really doesn't go that far in today's economy.meets need for purpose
The bed came w all the parts, seemed a little cheap (the materials) and couldve been labeled a little more clearly. Definitely needs 2 people to put together, which was fairly easy (still took about an hour +15 min). And better to build in the spot in which the bed is going to stay (not that easy to move)

Being that we just moved 2times in 6 months- not sure how easy this bed would b to move if you have to!

Looks good for the price. And if your handy, it's a good little project.
Personally, I would rather purchase something that someone else has to bring and put together!Ok for the price!
Bought this bed because my box spring wouldn't fit up my cottage stairs and my old bed was already outside . It was cheap and looked nice so unordered it. It was so heavy and annoying to set up. You needed 2-3 ppl to put it together. After I did that it didn't seem like there is much support in the middle once I put that matress on it seems more sturdy ... But I think the first time someone jumps on it or falls on it to hard it may snapGood for something temporary
This buy doesnt excite me so much although its fine for $125 deal. What else can b expected ? The packet was so heavy and long and its more than 2 people's job to lift it and put it inside the apartment. Moreover, nailing wl damge the ply because of no designated space (holes) available if somebody wants to dismantle it again. So better be watchful !!!Cumbersome experience !!!!
The assembly was stupid to say the least. Saunders products are put together extremely better. Finish product is nice, good starter furniture.Niether love nor hate it.
We are on a budget so ordered this bed.Well the box weighs a heavy 126 lbs,which came beat up.When we opened it,the one particle board needed for mattress support was broken in half!Also ends of other pieces were chipped.It looked like the box was dropped.We were not about to carry this heavy thing back down a flight of stairs and back to our nearest walmart to be returned.My husband used brackets to connect the broken piece.We basically needed a mattress support and this was ok for the job.Too bad it was damaged upon delivery.You get what you pay for
Carton and product damaged.Easy to assemble.
the instructions were not bad -fairly easy for a person that has never built anything like that before but i guess i just didnt expect to actually build it.build a bed
to expensive for particleboardI don't like the material it is made from.
Well this bed was cheap and affordable but unfortunately it's also cheap and cheap. I put it together in about two hours and ended up that some of the slacks and boards were crooked so the bed isnt perfectly straight. Some of the screws were missing from the packaging.

I literally picked up a piece of the molding and it broke in half. No joke. But but this time I was so tired of jimmying everything together to put it together that there was no way I wanted to return it for another one and start the annoying process over. Also, none of my screw driver bits fit the screws well, so it was pretty difficult on that end.

BUT, it is a pretty affordable bed and it works fine. It's not that nice, but for me and my new wife, we're happy with something that gets our mattress off the floor for a decent price.get what you paid for: CHEAP
There were broken parts in the original package. The packaging is poor and not adequate for the wooden pieces. The first time I reordered missing parts, some were broken again.

The customer service is prompt, and I think they expect this kind of performance with their packaging. I got replacement parts quickly. Make sure to ask for rush order, otherwise they will take a while to come.

Now that I have all my parts and set the bed up, it's doing justice to the price. If you're looking for an economical bed, and are in no rush to set it up (in case of broken parts), then you should go for this.Parts came broken, TWICE!
I purchased this bed because I am on a tight budget. I was kind of skeptical at first because of the reviews but I went ahead and decided to purchase. It took 1 weeks time for the bed to come (was shipped from Texas, deliever to St. Louis) and I opted for the site to store pick up (which was a breeze). The bed is VERY heavy. It took 3 people (dad, mom, and I) to help lift the bed. It took about 2 hours to put the bed together. The directions are very vague, they really don't decribe what goes where and what is what but luckily my dad and I put our brains together and it worked out fine. We did have a few mishaps with aliging everything. You will need a drill for this bed inorder to screw the top boards and the molding on. The bed is a little shorter than I expected but that is fine because it doesnt take up too much space. It looks really neat and modern in my apartment. The bed is cheap but you do get what you pay for. If you are on a tight budget, I would recommend this bed, if you have a few extra hundered to splurge, I would suggest looking around a bit more.YOU WILL NEED A DRILL!
I wanted a cheap basic queen platform bed for my new memory foam mattress to be placed on. It is certainly reasonably priced. It comes in a big long heavy box. Requires two people and a midsized truck to haul. The biggest negative is that it was not easy for one person to put together by themselves. Highly recommend having at least one extra hand because it was a pain in the butt piecing together. Some of the boards are awkwardly long and pretty heavy to manage alone. The side rails were the most awkward to attach because you screw in from underneath and there were no guide holes to follow. It's going to be an even bigger pain in the butt when I eventually move because it's so heavy and large that it will have to be disassembled completely to move.
One more negative... Two weeks in... And my bedroom still smells like particle board. Although, I'm sure the wood shop odor will diminish over time.

Despite those negatives... The bed does its job. It's sturdy with the mattress on top and it was a great value. It's more pleasing aesthetically than metal bed rails. The option to eventually add a headboard was promoted in the description before I bought it. I'm not entirely sure how that would work... But that is a potential option.Basic Base Model Platform Bed
For the price, this bed is a good deal. Don't expect high-end quality, though, or you'll be disappointed. It was fairly simple to put together, though I would suggest putting the two side edges on first, otherwise you have to screw things in from underneath or flip the entire bed over (which is a pain). You will have to screw the end piece from underneath or flip it, though, as it crosses multiple pieces. Overall, very worth the price. Nice height and goes well with the nightstand.Good for the Price
It would have been nice if it came with instructions. I had to search the Internet to find them. And Walmart took too long to get it to their store.Instructions not included
Functional but not super niceGet what u pay for
This took several hours to assemble and it's hard to get the molding flush, but it's sturdy and you get what you pay for. It's just very heavy and you need to be strong to get all the screws right in place.Hard to assemble
This is perfect for a spare bedroom. The trimming comes in three pieces for the edges (two sides, one front). This part could be designed a little better, it was tough to get them drilled into the bottom part of the bed...also with a queen mattress you may see some particle board peaking out in the corners while looking down at it. Nothing a bottom sheet can't fix but it would of been nice if all pieces of the bed were pre-stained the chocolate color. However for the price you can't beat the great style this bed adds to a room, I definitely recommend it.Great Style
This bed is just okay. Several of the boards were cut pretty crooked and it made it difficult to put it together. We made some adjustments and made it work but it really should not have been as complicated as it was. Considering the price we could not complain but I was still a little disappointed.Good for Price
Honestly, I was expecting a little better quality, but I guess for the price it can't be too upsetting. Beware when putting it together that you will need more than two people to move it without damaging the base. There are no supports to prevent the bottom platform from shifting side to side, and when that happens the screws begin to break through the cheap plywood type boards. However, once it is put together it does look pretty nice, especially with the headboard. The headboard just screws into the board at the top and is very flimsy and would not hold upright without the support of the wall. Unfortunately I don't think it would survive even one household move. The boards are just too thin and weak and I anticipate the screws stripping through. The only plus is that it looks good once put together.Cheap boards, too little support, decent look.
it does the job, however not very well planned. The screws barely hold the bed together. If you try to pick it up by one side it will come apart but I added some more sheetrock screws to the bed to make it stronger and it works well. Definitely not a luxury piece of furniture, but will work fine for keeping your bed off the floor.not bad for the money
I bought this, well for the price. I put it together myself so it was a full evening project. I found one of the boards was drilled backwards and was off from the others for the panels that support the bed. Luckily the overhang of the molding covers it, but if you look under you can tell. Its too heavy to tear apart and try to replace.. so I left it for now. But it is a very solid bed, no wood related noises when I climb into bed. ITS VERY HEAVY... that poor delivery man...I love this bed, but has flaws
They should have directions that are easier to understand. I love my new bed but, it took almost 3 hours to put together when there was only about 15 pieces to put together! The appearance is nice and I hope the quality is worth it in the end!hard to put together
It took us several hours to assemble and it's not user friendly. It looks plain and ugly when done.difficult to assemble
I am not sure I should recommend this prodcut to a friend or not. It looks good and it is comfortable as well but the edges are very very sharp and they already have hurt me more than twice in last 15 days only. I have to be extra careful while walking by bedsides. otherwise everything is perfect.Product is ok
This is a press board piece and the assembly is tricky. You have to screw into the edges of the press board pieces without being able to see them. Otherwise for the low cost it seems to get the job done.Adequate for the price
Bed was easy to assemble. I did it on my own, but it would have been nice having one other person's assistance. I would recommend an electronic screw driver, it would save a lot of time since there is many screws to be placed. The bed is similar to the picture, I would recommend it to someone on a budget. It is sturdy, ~ 1 foot off the ground. It is a platform bed so no need for a base board.Great bed for person on a budget
Bought 4 of these. First one holes weren't drilled correctly so it took twice as long to put it together. Second one went together correctly, and faster. It does take 2 people.Nice platform, considering the price.
My product arrived defective, did not return due to my husband fixed it. Did not want to go thru the process of exchanging it due to waited too long to get it. Would like some type of credit.Product defective
After assembling the bed looks great. However it is hard/impossible to assemble it without tools, especially without a drill. Some holes could be made before, that would help tremendously putting screws in them.Looks good but hard to assemble
Impossible for a female to assemble alone. Instructions say to not use a electric screw driver, but this is a must for certain areas. Doesn't come with tools.Sturdy and heavy
It took 2 days and 4 people to figure things out. We didnt even finish building it , luckily a bed skirt covered what we didnt do. wood was super cheap. you get what you pay for. but over all it looks done and im still laying on it . so if u can do things half fast and make it work and dont really mind then go ahead if the money is an issue.Rather spent a little more to buy it built.
None of the pre drilled holes matched up and split the wood. But once It was together and after I decided where the screws went it looks great and I'm satisfied. Delivery was awful though.looks good once done
good product for the pricegood value
Pre drilled holes were not aligned properly so I, even with the help of my boyfriend and my brother, had a pretty difficult time getting it all together. Also, attaching the molding is a pretty tough job since you have to screw it on from underneath, we picked the bed up to attach it. Other than all the fuss it does look good and is doing it's job just fine, just didn't expect assembly to be such a hassle.Difficult assembly
Platform is made out of particle board which we knew when purchasing but there were many "chips" in the frame when received. Frame is extremely heavy. Although, the frame color is chocolate - it really looks black. Product is OK - you get what you pay for.OK - Nothing Special
This bed frame once put together is very solid, however it is a little too low to the ground. The picture they use to advertise it is misleading. You can see the window in the background looks to be about the same level as the bed, but the bed is actually lower than an average bed. The bedframe is only about 8 inches off the ground. With a mattress on it is about 1 foot 6 inches total off the ground.Bed frame too low to ground.
The bed came with damage from being strapped down during shipping. The outer box was damaged, but none of the damage prevented us from assembling and would not show while being used so I did not put a claim in. The directions are pictures only with very little written instruction which made it difficult to assemble. Still a decent product for the price.Good for the price but came with a little damage.
It arrived promptly but they sent the wrong color. Bought as an extra bed and it will be fine for that.Serves its purpose
Box was really heavy needed 2 people to put together. Not so great instructions. But overall it'll do for my first bed and first apartment.shipping took 2 weeks. I was upsetgreat for first bed
We are afraid to sit on the edge of the bed because the overhang areas have only a thin press wood board to support! Other than that it looks nice and seems sturdy.Not supported under overhang
95% ply board and 4 pieces trim. Cheap and does what it's meant to do but not entirely pretty..functional for what I needed
It's good for the price. Came sooner than promised. Simple assembly. Instructions say you need two people but I did it by myself, and I'm a woman. A lot of particleboard and cheap hardware, the Phillips head screws kept stripping out and that's without using a power screwdriver. It was as expected for the price I paid.Good cheap platform bed
OK platform had scratchesOK
I like the bed as far as comfort level. My friend and I had a difficult time putting it together. He said the screws weren't working and we had to purchase some from Home Depot. After that everything went smoothly. I would buy again but am satisfied right now.Comfortable Firm Bed
I haven't been able to put this item together yet several pieces were broken when it arrived. The box was covered in mud. we will see if the replacement part show up in one piece.BROKEN
Very nice bed, but weakplatform
I purchased this item believing it would be a good platform for our bedroom. Simple and basic. Not too much assembly needed. The beginning went very well. until it came time for the trimming. The pieces did not line up perfectly. There was also no holes for the screws to go into trimming which made it difficult to put together. The directions were very short and did not explain everything. I ended up putting it together backwards.
All in all, it holds up very well. No box spring needed and matches the rest of the room. The boards are strong and give good support. However, it is obvious that this platform will not be moving with us. It will most definitely fall apart during the travel.
I would recommend this for a starter apartment.Get what you pay for
There is nothing easy about building this bed frame. Maybe other people got better parts than me, but it was almost impossible to get the screws completed tighten manually(as the instructions suggest). The molding screws kept falling out as well. By the time I finished building it, I was frustrated, exhausted,and had swollen hands.Eh
product arrived in good shape. others have reported damaged goods. needed to air out product for 2 days chemical smell from particle board.gave me a slight headache . some difficulty reading instructions...poor pictures and too small print. be careful to remember two different screw lengths.
be sure to check that frame is square when you go to attach platform sections. just read the instructions and take your time and it should go together for you smoothly. when done properly the bed is sturdy. used a 6" gel mattress and have been sleeping well. remember the bed will be low so if you have a mobility problem this might be an issue. good night, bed time!accurate representation of product given
It took my hubby 5 hours too assemble is too hard than the side of the wood hurts when you pass byToo hard
Overall, not a bad product. Set up was pretty easy. Me and my 16 yo put it together. Was a little cheaper made than what I was expecting, but for the price I really can't complain.Not bad for the price!
A very basic bed and is worth the dollar . The assembling instruction are not properly given and you would have to play a guess game in order to fix it.

The quality is just ok and takes about 2 hours to fix it if you go by the manual including the guessing game .Worth the money
Was disappointed with the quality of the trim and outline... definitely took shortcutslooks a lot better online
The bed arrived with a broken siding piece, but other than the cheap material it was a good buy.Nice!!!
The product was very nice and was very true to the expectations of the quality of the productThe product was nice
Foot board holes were not lined up and the screws didn't hold the panels down when I went to lift the bed to install the rails as recommended by the instructions the boards pulled up off the frame of the bed. The molding does not hold down very well. you need a screw gun even though the instructions say you don't. This thing also weights a ton. All in all it does serve the purpose of getting our bed off the floor so I am grateful for that.You get what you pay for.
My fiancee and I purchased this as an upgrade to our metal bedframe. We liked the look of this on the website. My fiancee and his mother set up the bed, as I have joint issues, and it seemed to take a few hours to set up. Once the setup was done, though, we have thoroughly enjoyed the bed. It has an excellent height that puts you just at windowsill height when lying down. This is really good when you want to lay down below an open window for a light breeze. The one negative to this bed is that there is zero storage space. That is to be expected, however, since the bed is already shown with no under-bed storage. A great upgrade to this would be storage drawers.Good bed, but takes forever to assemble
My husband had trouble putting it together. It took a few hours due to poor instructions.Holes in wrong spots
The assembly instructions are not the best. It works well for the extra bedroom.Looks good. Good purchase for the money.
Unfinished, there are only 3 pieces of molding to finish the bed. The end of the bed does not have molding. Too many parts and confusing directions. It took two adults more than two hours to set up.Platform Bed for a Student
Not easy assembly
Material cheapIt would be cheaper
You need 2 people to pick this frame together. The top end holes do not match up with the sides and you need to to use a drill to make new screw holes. I will say it is strong and once put together looks good and can handle the bed needs. Not so unhappy with it just not an easy frame to put together.not easy to put together
The instructions are pretty vague, the measurements are a little off...but if you are looking to spend a lot less for a bed, I'd recommend this.Measurements are a little off
This is a solid purchase, but for two reasons, this wasn't worth the value in my opinion. First - the box is extremely heavy. I am a man and this was a challenge getting this into my apartment. I wish they would've just shipped this in two smaller, lighter boxes. Second, the set up took me two hours. No it wasn't necessarily hard, but this took a little more elbow grease than expected. We're using this a guest bed and it will serve its purpose, but it was took a little more work than expected.Good - But Not Great
Product instructions are not clear. Not very easy to install. The quality is also not that great.Not quite easy to install. Instructions are not
Cheap and not bad quality. Wish instructions in putting it together was clearer.Good value
Some of the edges on the finished sides of the boards are damaged. The finish itself is cheap and poorly applied. Not enough support on internal structure, had to spend additional money at the hardware store to add more support to structure. Value of this bed as is should be half the price. I am extremely disappointed but have no choice but to keep, as I have new mattresses being delivered and need something to put them on. Will most certainly think twice about buying any type of furniture from Walmart again.Poor exterior finish
This bed is made of particle board and is very heavy. The box was very heavy to bring into the house by myself (and I am a big guy) and once set up you can forget ever moving it to vacuum underneath. Assembly was tedious with a hundred screws that you need to screw and some of the holes did not line up so I had to drill my own holes. Also, although the bed comes with rounded molding for around the bed the molding is not rounded at the corners, the corners are where you hit your legs and experience PAIN. To make matters worse this bed is too big for a standard queen mattress, the bed jots out from under the mattress with sharp corners to maim you.Sturdy and Good deal but has issues
When i purchased this bed, it was catchy because of the dark chocolate color. It looked big enough for me and the leather look material. Yes. All of those were catchy to me, but i had no intention that the bed was that low to the floor. That's what made me not like that bed at all. Then, I see a bed online that was very beautiful. And i can't get it because i purchased that, low South Shore Basics Queen Platform Bed with Molding Chocolate. UuughhIt's ok
Arrived a bit damaged, as most things do these days.

I am still trying to deal with the smell, as I know it will go away in a few months. Pressboard is not my favorite smell. I purchased the espresso which could pass for black. Not much different than black. It gives good support for the mattress, which is what I was looking for.Just OK
At a first glance I was not thrilled about this purchase. The plywood pieces are not the best looking. Once put together the platforms appearance seemed better. The platform is quite bigger than our queen size mattress so we will be using a bed skirt.It's good
Sturdy and good quality wood work.sleeps great
bought this for my son it's a great bed but corners are sharp you can scratch your leg on itcorners sharp
It didn't raise the bed too high and it was low enough our dog could jump up, easy assembly... However the wooden platform to actually hold up the bed snapped in half about a month in.. I realize it was a cheap price so I can't ask for something like that to last a lifetime but... Maybe a little longer than a month, looking for a slightly sturdier wood platform to fix it up with.Was great while it lasted
Easy to put together everything in package evdrything fit.bed frame it
This item is nice to look at from far away. Up close it's fragile. But it works for the meantime. The price was not really worth it since it comes in a box.not even built
Directions say you need 2 people even with two it didn't align well and I have concerns about how sturdy it is. The directions were not very clear. It took some creative adjustments to get all the screws in. I wish I would have paid more and avoided the hassle.Hard to assemble!
I got this bed this weekend. I read all the reviews about the bed and thought it would be a good choice. Boy was I wrong. I got the bed home and started puting it together I laid all my pieces out to make sure I had all the pieces. I found the largest piece that supports most of the weight was cracked which is common of partical board. I called the customer service number and have to wait four to six weeks to get another piece. I decided to assemble the bed any way becuase I replaced that piece on my own I needed a bed to sleep in. None of the holes where in the right spot. and the bed just looks cheep put together. I dont trust its support and I am serously considering returning the product. it is horrible.Buy something else
Rather heavy but initially, seem easy to assemble.
However holes and boards did not line up and some
parts were missing. I finally assembled the bed in
3-4 hours but I had to do alot of work to make the
parts fit. The cost was low and I guess, I got what I
paid for in the end. I would suggest that you pay
alittle more and avoid the stress.Too much work
The bed itself is a good buy for the money and I would recommend it on that point. The issue is putting it together. If you are not strong- it is very heavy- great for the task it has to do- horrible if you have to unload and move it yourself.
The second issue is the tools required. Most people have a flat screwdrivers and a Phililps head- but this company want a "Robertson head" (square) as well. You can use the philips on the planks, but when it comes to the rails- is must be the Robertson and you have to lay down on your side to put those rails on... (they screw from underneath)....
SO- if you are really handy- or have people in your life that are- great bed- if not- do find someone to build it for you and save yourself the frustration.great bed- have lots of tools
This is a one up and down bed. If I have to move it for any reason, it won't be able to be put back togethor due to the cheap products. The instructions are insane.Very cheap
First off, this has the worst instructions I've ever seen. The diagrams don't match what the directions say, and they're not clear. It took my dad and I forever to do this.
Secondly, if you put this on carpet, be prepared for it to be there forever. It's so heavy and impossible to move on carpet.
Third, the construction is awful. The rails that go along the edge are worthless. I thought the mouldi ng would cover the edge entirely, but it only sits on top, leaving it unsightly and sharp. Waste.What a waste of money!
The box is big, bulky and heavy! I hope you a day or two to put this together requiring several tools. I resealed the box and the local Walmart. It was going to take far more time than I was willing to give to put this project.Assembly Required
You definately get what you pay for. I would recommend this if you are extremely tight on money. Otherwise, if you can, steer clear of this product. If you do purchase, you will need to throw ou tthe screw which come with this bed and use longer self tapping screws. The moulding has to be screwed in from underneath after the frame has been assembled which is difficult if you don't have short screws or someone else to help you tilt the bed up.You get what you pay for...
Nearly all of the pre-drilled holes were misaligned, so I had to make new holes, which made assembly a very long and tedious task.Assembly difficulties
The product was not just 115 lbs. but instead, about 215 lbs. The instructions were way off, the molding did not fit correctly and there are too many screws for just a hand held screwdriver. Get yourself a screw gun. P.S: For the price, get it delivered and installed, it will be well worth it.A very unpleasent time...
Well, I really liked the price, so Iwent with it. It is good and sturdy, but build it where you want it because there's no moving it afterwards! You need a few people to move it withiut it breaking. And the pieces of wood they sent me to line the platform do not fit. I'm not sure how they are supposed to fit. ut with some masking tape and liquid nails, it's okay. I would suggest this as a temporary bed, but not for long term.Eh...
i loved the look of this bed online, but it seems as if it wasn't measured properly during manufacturing. the holes don't line up with most of the slats and the molding doesn't line up properly either. best of luck to whoever buys this bed next!i dont think this bed was measured...
I was very excited at finding a queen sized platform bed for so cheap. Unfortunately that's exactly what it was CHEAP! I used site to store and it was broken before it even got to me. What does that say about the quality of the bed if it can't even make in through shipping? I WOULD NOT recommend this bed! I did however make a prior purchase for the twin size and it is holding up just fine. The one good thing about the entire queen bed ordeal is that Walmart did give me a refund of the money and offer to reimburse me if I wanted to get a new one delivered to my home. Not a very smart choice since it breaks so easy anyhow. I declined the offerYou get what you paid for
The bed looks very beautiful in the pictures, but once i ordered the bed and brought it home to assemble it, i became very un happy. The boards were all different lengths, hard to assemble, trim isn't long enough and the drill holes for some boards were not in the right spot. but other than those disappointments the bed is somewhat sturdy. It's nice for a guest bedroom, because alot of people won't be seeing it. but for the money its an alright bed i suppose.Not what it seems
It don't look bad, but it's hard to put it together. The woods are cheap and very heavy. When you move make sure you hire professionals.Platform bed
this bed is not worth what you pay for it...i read the reviews before purchasing and thought it would be a descent bed, but the pieces do not line up when assembling the nails do not stay in place once screwed in and its very very poor quality made of pure particle board and super flimsy at bestwont buy again
first of all the thing weighs 130 lbs!! very hard to get from the store to your house! then the instructions to put this monster together are very vague!! it does not tell you which side is facing out, and I made many mistakes putting it together!!. the rails do not have pre-drilled holes for the screws, and the instructions tell you to put them on last, when they should be attached much sooner!! all in all a very poorly made, overpriced piece of furniture!!!stay away from this one!
I was very interested in this product because of its cheapness and it looked like a good product. But, sadly, I was mistaken. This bed looked awful and the pieces never quite aligned right, the wood isn't even real wood, it's particle wood... Needless to say, it was just a horrid product. The bed even started falling to pieces and breaking apart as I was building it. DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT! I returned this junkie.You get what you pay for...
DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY...This platform is nothing I would recommend. It is made very cheap out of press boards, and the instructions are horrible. It took us 4 hrs to assemble it correctly, and we ended up having to use a drill. I had a headache after finally putting it together...and when you move on the bed, it makes creeking sounds. Piece of junk!Nothing Special...a pain to put together.
The product did not come with instruction. I had to call next day to have the instruction faxed to me. I was hard to put together some of the holes did not line up . I would not purchase this item again.south shore queen platform bed
This is a poorly designed, difficult to assemble product. Really, you need to be determined, with experience and power tools to make this assembly.

First, the header board (not the non-existent 'headboard') lacked drill holes. I had to drill screw holes myself-- forget the holes supposedly existing for the dowels.

Second, all dowels where plastic. You are precluded from using glue on the dowels to assure the bed stays together. This was especially important for the cross-supports holding up the MDF platform. The ONLY attachment for the cross supports is the plastic dowels. They immediately unattached and I had to purchase separately and install screws to assure they stayed attached.

Last, the trim pieces on the platform edge could only be installed from UNDER the bed. The instructions suggest tipping the 200 pound, 6+ foot bed up on end, to install them. But, you need a partner pushing down ON the trim to drive the screws into the trim from the underside (there were no starter holes). So, forget tripping up the bed. We hefted the bed up onto the prior box springs and mattress to get to the underside.

In fairness, this is a big set of MDF. There are 34 screws (plus 4 others you SHOULD buy) in this assembly. Don't start unless you have a power screw driver. Use carpenters glue on the attachment points. The MDF we received was a little warped and needed some extra help.

This was a Valentines Day effort. I have assembled several IDEA and Walmart products, have power tools and determination. On a different day, this bed would have been back to the Walmart.Likely not worth the effort.
It doesn't quite look like the picture and after 2 hours of trying to put it together i gave up on trying to get the molding on. the peices didnt match up at the ends. the bed also shook while trying to get comfortable even tho i made sure the screws were tight, i would recomend a power drill bc there are a lot of screws. you can def tell that the bed was cheapConfusing and wobbly
The nice solid white platform as pictured does not exist! It's a piece of regular old wood colored particle board and you screw some cheap crown molding around its edges. Either my queen sized mattress is a bit dwarfed or it's a bit over sized because there is no way to hide it. So be prepared to deal with it or paint it.Be warned
I was very shocked to say the least when I took out the wood, to find that it was very cheap looking and not heavy and durable wood at all, in fact it's the type of wood that if it got wet it would swell up and be no good anymore. Also its very wobble, not sturdy enough to move it, you would actually have to take it apart to move it to another room, although after fully assembled it does hold my mattress. I am very diappointed, I guess you get what you pay for. I also ordered a desk and hutch from Walmart, it's also wobbly, and wasn't very happy with that either. The quality is poor. I don't see myself purchasing anymore furniture from Walmart again, it's IKEA all the way now.OK For Short Term Use
the wood was compress wood , I had to look for instructions in walmart website, took 2 hour to complete because the direction werent specific ,but its pretty strong I have to say.didnt come with instructions
This bed looked good in the picture but when I got it the wood was so thin it was a brown wood platform on top so you have to screw on black edges around the top but one of the boards was broken from the shipping I guess or manufacture so I sent it back did not want it anymore cause the wood was so thin and the top was not all blackNot what I expected
For the most part, I am usually good with self-assemble furnitures, however, this bed was way too difficult for me to assemble alone. I had to get my handyman dad to put it together. The whole time he was putting it together he complained about the cheap material and difficult process. Word to the wise: if you are looking for a simple bed that you can put together yourself, stick to the traiditional mattress, boxspring, and $20-30 frame. I will never put my dad through that ordeal again. P.S. the headboard is just as difficult to assemble :(Priced well but get ready for a challenge!!
This is very difficult to put together, even for someone very experienced with this sort of thing, and the materials feel cheap (they are). That said, for the price you can't beat it. Just be aware that if your mattress is at all rounded on the corners, the platform upon which it rests is unfinished and will not look good. The moulding also seems to be facing the wrong direction, but it was designed more to keep the bed on the platform than for design.

Overall, good value for the money, but it's not much money so there isn't much value. Know that, and have the right expectations when ordering.

Also, don't be surprised if the first one that is shipped to you arrives damaged, like what happened to me and other reviewers. Walmart will replace it quickly though.You get what you pay for, but it's cheap
It's fake oak, laminated on one side of each piece of particle board. NOT quality materials. Should be half the price.Cheap particle board
Picture has a headboard, it does not contain a headboard. Picture makes the outer rim appear to be all finished wood, it is not. One layer of the board is still the scratchy felt plywood you'd expect to find under the bed, not on the outer layer. The product description says there are drawers that slide out from under the bed. There aren't any drawers. The product is just around 9 pieces of plywood and 3 very small wood pieces that will hold the mattress. The bed only stands a little off the ground. I could have gone to 84Lumber, bought the plywood, made it stand higher, made a headboard, and it still would have been cheaper, and easier to build. The pre-made holes for screws don't line up evenly. There are no wheels or other easy method or moving the bed, so once it's finished, thats where it's staying. The pre-made holes caused the back wood to start to tear off. If you tear it down and reassemble, it looks like you might wind up damaging the plywood to the point it breaks the bed entirely, It is too heavy to get back to the store...so unless you have a truck and an understanding friend or wife, theres no hope of returning it. In fairness, it does it's job as supporting a mattress and doesn't fall down....yet, overall the description is very misleading.Guest room material maybe
Here's my review
-- Received damaged part however I got the replacement but after 7 working days.
-- Difficult to assemble due to poor assembly instructions. Labels on parts were hardly visible. Had to guess the positioning and placement.
-- No proper holes for screws. Had to use hammer. I am not sure whether I will be able to disassemble it.
-- Not as firm as it should be. If you are huge and heavy dont trust this bed.Not as per the expectations
The item is heavy as people stated below. The instructions could be easier, but were not horrible. It took my mother and I about 2 hours to put the bed together by ourselves (but we did need help putting the rails on). I think the bed is pretty sturdy overall (except for the 2 center support pieces tha are only held together by 2 plastic dowels, which come out anytime you move the bed). It looks nice when you are finished except I purchased the queen size since I have a queen mattress and there is about 3-4" of partical board showing all the way around the mattress. If it wasnt so heavy and hard to put together I would return it for the full size.My Mattress doesn't fit!
this bed has several chips in it when it arrived and i had to pre-drill holes for each screw (and there are a lot of screws). for the amount of physical labour involved, i expected a nicer bed. it was easy to put together but had to retouch with white paint for the flaws in the finish. putting on the trim was the biggest pita and i would recommend installing the side trim pieces to the boards before installing them. just line them up with the top and this will leave room for the bottom trim. unfortunately for the bottom trim piece you have to lie down with a screw driver and hope you have enough strength to push the screws in from that ackward angle. the whole bed is poorly designed and would recommend the ikea malm instead.disappointed
This is really heavy bed. It require too much time and work to assemble.very heavy and time consuming job to assemble
Several of the bed pieces were broken. Instead of the hassle of returning them, I was able to construct the bed with the broken pieces. This happened with two South Shore beds I purchased.Several broken pieces
Instruction of installing moulding at the edge of the surface should not be the last item on the list.

After puting the bed together, we had to flip it upsude down to be able to install the moulding.not finished wood just 3 pieces of moulding
I purchased this bed few months back. Bed is good but as I was thinking that assembling will be easy but I was wrong. It was very hard to assemble it. I will not suggest you to assemble by himself. You should ask for assembling from company side. I asked but they didn't provide any help. They told I can guide you phone. How can we assemble a bed on phone? It will be more difficult when you are only one guy in home , who can assemble it. You need atleast three people to assemble it. I will suggest assembling should be from company side. My experience is very bad with this. :(Very difficult to assemble
the bed was different from how it was pictured. it was very heavy, and arrived with a number of scrapes and scratches that greatly detract from its appearance. overall I was rather disappointed.disappointing
This bed met my expectations. It's cheap. But the real downer was Walmart's delivery. The box was damaged badly, yet their sales person said it would still be ok. Got it home and unpacked it and found some major cracks in the large mattress support planks. Made it work anyway and complained to Walmart. They gave me $26 credit off the original price. Not bad at all, but I will never purchase another item over the internet for delivery to one of their stores again.You get what you pay for
It took me about 2 hrs to put this bed together without a power tool. What took the longest was screwing in the nails through the wooden boards. When I started putting the boards over the bottom support, I noticed that the planks of wood don't align perfectly so in order for me to screw in the boards to the bottom support, I had to leave spaces in between the planks. The space is still pretty narrow however. The planks of wood also didn't align very well at the foot of the bed either but this is covered up by the edge of the bed so it didn't really matter. There are 3 pieces of wood that form the edges and they are supposed to connect to each other around the sides of the bed. Once it is screwed in however, the edges start to shift and they no longer connect. Overall, in appearance, it lacks in quality. As for its purpose, it fulfills its role.Pieces don't align but it does its purpose
This bed frame came damaged in two places when I took it out of the box. It was 145 Lbs so I didn't want to go through the hassle of returning it so I put it together anyways (which was not easy).The screws do not screw in easily and a few of them have come out already. The frame is flimsy and looks really cheap. You're better off buying a metal frame to hold your mattress.Do not buy
South Shore didn't send multiple parts with this original shipment, so now i'm left with sleeping on the floor with a bunch of bed pieces beside me. It's been over a week and I still haven't received the pieces from them. I'm sure it'll be a great bed though...once I can actually put it together.Still waiting on parts
Heavy, takes a long time to put together, and in the end, looks cheap. I wished I'd just bought something simpler.Looks Cheap
It's so heavy and hard to assemble,
When you do it once, you cannot move it again.So heavy
This bed is very cheaply made and does not have good directions. Good thing my friend had carpentry skills or I would have never put it together. It will also likely fall apart when I move because it was so cheaply made. If you don't have a bed and you don't want to sleep on the floor until you can save money for one, get this bed. You also probably need about 3 people to really put it together in a timely manner. You can also do it with one other person that is a carpenter. lolIf you are looking for a cheap bed...
I can't put it together because it didnt come with all of the pieces in the box. I have to reorder the item, wait two more weeks and then come pick up the pieces I am missing and get a refund for the item. This is a huge hassle.Not all items in box. Can't put together.
I expected it to be heavy, of course, but I figured I'd at least be able to slide the box by myself. Sadly it took two of us to move the box. When we opened the box one of the pieces was broken on the end, but I figured that since it was so heavy obviously someone had dropped it, and it didn't effect us putting it together so I didn't care. Putting it together was pretty simple and only took about 45 minutes. Once it was set up I was so excited, even though the uglier brown part of the wood showed around my mattress. Then the worst part, After we had had it for about two weeks my husband simply sat on the corner of the bed to put his shoes on for work (not a huge man by any means), and the WHOLE corner came off! this is like a full 8"X8" chunk of my bed. So now I can't even tuck my sheets under that side of the mattress and they just hang down, along with making it impossible to reattach the border at the end of the bed so I scrape the rough edge at least once a week. I'm glad to have a bed, but as soon as I can I'm definitely going to get a box spring and a new, normal, better quality bed.Liked it a lot!... at first
There is a decent 3-4 inch split in the cheap composite wood, the edges aren't even black so I have to cover them with a bed sheet and it works but the quality is not good at all.Worse than you might think
Pieces not marked right. Construction very shaky and not stable. Tight spaces for screwing pieces together. Buy only if the money is an issue!!!Overall - cheap for a budget conscious college
have put furniture together before. Illustrations are pretty good, but after it was all put together, realized that the illustrations were not detailed enough to answer some questions. Settled on how the bed finally looked, but did not turn out correctly. It's functional though, so it will have to do.Study the illustrations to put together
Difficult to assemble at the endingAssemble
Very complex to assemble. In fact, guidance to assemble is not enough.
It took a lot of time as the instructions are not much clear. Some how managed but not happy.Complex assembly
OK for the money we spent the only reason we got it was for a guest room bed we needed on short notice. Was delivered quick but box was totally trashed and one of the base "boards" was cracked, although since they're press board they don't crack so much as crinkle or bend with a tear in it. Overall it holds a mattress and that's what we needed for this weekend or I might have sent it back. Fairly easy to put togther and hopefully it stays together - if you're looking for a lasting product or one that needs to survive a move I would not reccomend.ok for the $
Product consists of flexible Particle board that is held together by plastic dowels and weak screws. Holes do not line up and the border falls off with the slightest tap.weak structure
The only difference with the photo is that you can not see the bottom wooden part as easy as is on the photo, because of large bed platform, but small base.Good as a platform bed
Harder to put together than we thought. Instructions and pictures weren't very clear. We put this together out of town for my daughter and didn't have a screw gun. If we had it, we would have used it to put the screws in at least most of the way and finished them by hand.It will do.
This is a very inexpensive platform bed. Looks good and is not a big deal to assemble. Unfortunately the precision of predrilled holes being centered over the part the screws are intended to penetrate leaves something to be desired. In spite of trying to angle a couple of the screws toward the part they were to mate with, I split the wood veneer. I was fortunate this was at the foot of the bed underneath and not readily visible. I am satisfied I got fair value for the money but would probably opt for something a bit better if I had it to do over.You get what you pay for.
With this bed and the furniture that goes along with it, you definitely get what you pay for. While it is affordable, it lacks in longevity. I purchased this bed along with two night stands and the 6 drawer dresser. In the short amount of time I've had it the end of the bed broke as I was stepping into bed (not standing on it with all my weight). Next the drawer of one of the night stands fell through while holding MAYBE two magazines and a battery or two. Then one of the drawers on the dresser fell through, holding no more amount of clothing than the average dresser drawer. Overall I am not pleased with this purchase, but like I said, you get what you pay for.You get what you pay for
I got incorrect parts, not the right tools, and some parts came cracked.
Therefore, it was very inconvenient to set up, as the boards were incorrect...and the chipped/cracked woodchip makes me uneasy, but it's still attached.

It looks nice- color is goodNot Ideal
Cheesy material - nothing but particle board. Good design but poor execution.Don't waste your money
The biggest issue i had was the delivery or shipping was honestly terrible... it was delayed not only once but twice. after i received the item it wasnt manufactured correctly but fortunately i was able to rig it manually and have it workSturdy
I purchased this for my son. I'm in Hawaii, he's in Missouri. Unfortunately, the item was hard to put together and had some damages on the platform. This is not acceptable and it is my hope he is able to get the issue resolved as I paid good money for the items and would have liked if all items were in acceptable condition. Ease of purchase was good and on time as promised.

Thanks, Colleen FratinardoPoor Quality
I purchased this versus a less expensive metal platform frame because I wanted to match the other items in my bedroom. I was expecting to keep this product for a few years but I wouldn't even put this in a guest bedroom. I bought a queen and it is not as pictured. Assembly was difficult. Pieces are very fragile and easily chipped. Platform edges are not mesh to surface; they act as guards. After fully assembly, I decided to stick with it only until I move again. Good thing I ordered a mattress protector bc the surface is not finished or smooth.You get what you pay for.
The guide how to put the bed together is written wrong. There are some mistakes in the description. Pieces of the bed (side boards which are looking nice on the photo), don't fit together well. Bed will not look as nice as like in the picture. It's very hard to put together. Wouldn't recommend it.Very hard to put together
I was looking for a bed that was reasonable in price and easy on the eyes. It took over a week for it to ship to the walmart in town, which we just had some really bad snow storms so that might be it. When i finally picked it up, the box on both ends were completely ripped and WET. When i finally got it home, i was relieved to see that it was shrink wrapped as well in the box. Putting it together was a pain in my rear. The back board was missing 4 screw holes, so i have to find someone with a drill in order to put my bed together. The instructions seem juvenile, but i thought to be a little challenging. I would have shopped around a little longer, and bought another bed.I would look elsewhere
Need better wood and frame can not be swred from the bottomNeed bigger middle parts
Shipment came in one very heavy had to take apart outside. The bed had dents and chips on the sides of course you can see. Putting together lets say you would rather pay someone else to do it. Can't return damage parts because comes in a broken box and once open its torn apart. I reccommend another product.pain in my butt
The build quality was aweful. It's all particle board. It took forever to ship to my house. One of the boards was cracked. You can see the particle board under the bed, it isn't all black under the bed like the picture shows. They lowered the price like 10 days after I bought it, so I can't get the price match. Tearing it down to move it would be pointless, because it would just fall apart. The only good thing about this bed is that it works. I would recommend getting a metal frame instead.Worse than expected
Directions are complicated and you definitely need two people but once you get started, it's not so bad. The screws are already falling out of the pre-drilled holes. I tried to move the entire unit back, closer to the wall, and the platform completely lifted from the base due to the fact that the pre-drilled holes are bigger than the screws. Seems relatively sturdy so far.Not sure how long this is going to stay together??
This product may have been good if it could have been used as intended. but it is way too big for my Queen-sized mattress. Even though it was labeled as a Queen size platform, it really is King size. Putting the mattress on it leaves a "shelf" all the way around the platform of about 8-10".

This product will need to be returned in exchange for the proper size. At that time I would be in a better position to review its features objectively.Shipped the wrong size
This is a really heavy bed. The bed looks good and all but is a design nightmare. It has three large platforms which go side by side on a frame. To put these on there are no markers or slots or any kind of indicators. You have to be very very precise in putting them on the frame and make sure you leave the exact width. Unless you are a skilled carpenter, this is a tough job. Plus the pieces are so heavy.Very heavy bed and very very tough to set up
The platform was damaged in transit because it is particle boardPoorly constructed
This was THE hardest piece of furniture I have EVER tried to assemble!!
Directions were horrible!!!
Said there were videos on line, That's a big FAT NO!!!!!
VERY disappointed with this purchase!!
6 HOURS to assemble with 2 adults, not the way I wanted to spend a WHOLE Friday night!!!!OMG
To be honest it looks OK once assembled, however cheap construction, pre-drilled holes do not align, you need a power drill/screwdriver to do it correctly as you will have to screw many in manually.

Again, inexpensive but poor construction ...there are better choices for a bit more $$$$$$Pay for what you get..........
Really confusing to set up made of poor quality. Once up it does do the Job but would not purchase another.Not what I thought.
It's a low priced bed. In that respect, you get what you pay for. In this case, the frame is pressed wood, it's not something you can rough house on. One has to treat it like an elderly Aunt, gently. For example, we went to lift it by the edges of the screwed in plywood top, and the top pulled right out of the pressed wood frame, screws and all. Treat it gently and it should be fine, for a time anyway.
With that said, the assembly was fairly easy if one follows directions and has an extra pair of hands to hold the items as they're screwed into place. All the predrilled holes lined up perfectly with the frame. Total assembly time was approx. an hour - however I'm old and the pieces were heavy, and difficult to finagle into place. A proper carpenter could probably throw it together in a few minutes.Adequate
directions are difficult and pieces do not match up and the pre-drilled holes are at an angle so it makes it difficult to put together.you get what you pay for
no real woodgood value but no fun
Overall, a decent bed frame, especially considering the cheap price. Major downsides are quality and installation process. The final step of installation is to add the rail around the outside, and you actually have to LIFT the entire unit to do so (unless you have a very small screwdriver) -- even the directions say to lift the unit. The problem, other than the fact that lifting the unit is a pain, is that the screws don't stay securely in the particle board. So when you lift the unit, the platform portions' screws pop out of the frame...Not bad -- not great, but can't beat the price
Avg productJust okay
I was not prepared for was how far the platform sticks out from under the mattress and the corners are sharp. We have had the bed just a few weeks and have numerous bruises on our shins from running into the corners, especially in the dark.

Other than that the platform bed looks decent after a long and tedious setup - comes in about 12 pieces that need to be assembled - not difficult but tedious. I will not plan to move the bed from it's current location because it will need to be disassembled and reassembled (not sturdy enough to just pick up and move more than a few inches).

I wanted to return the bed but unfortunately did not keep the original packaging (a requirement for return). I will have to live with it until I get the motivation to disassemble and move it to the guest room and get another platform.Dangerous corners
Over all platform is good, but Setting up is very tough job, if we wanted to move to other places, it may not be dismantled easily and resetup again.
So I would suggest not to go for this kind of platformsSet up is the toughest thing
I brought this bed due to the great reviews on the web site, boy what a mistake that was. First the deliver was sooner then estimated which was good. The bed is heavy and the boards with instructions are poor. I have the bed up with out the corner edges cause I cant figure how to put in on. I wish I could take this back, but to go through the hassle I just keep it for now as it is. Don't buy even though price is great.Wack
Horrible to put together and the pieces needed better holes for the edges bc it would go even drill through itLooks good
I would not recommend to buy this product even though the price is great! I think, you get a cheap thing for a cheap price.no too excited about it. hard to mach parts
The product looks great and works as promised but it is extremely hard to set up.Not easy to set up
Ok bed for the priceOk bed for this price
Design is not proper and complete. The edges are so rough and pointed, we got woundsNot a well designed
The final step, where you have to screw 16 screws up from the underside - that's a special bit of torture. Most of the visible sides are wood laminate, but you can still see the unfinished wood at the corners where the bed sits - a mattress doesn't cover them completely. I would not buy this thing again...Very basic item - hard to assemble
The platform is bigger than my mattress, it looks tacky because you can see the board and its brown instead of white like i expected. It was delivered on time but i feel i payed too much for a couple pieces of woodNot what I was I expecting
Junk! Not made well and not comfortable at all.Junk!
The price is very attractive however, when I opened the box, one of the panels was cracked and some others were chipped. The good thing is it can be returned to the store, so I give 1 star to the no hassle and easily return policy.Poor Quality
Overall the bed isn't bad, however the corners are very sharp! I have a nasty cut on my leg.Be Careful
The Queen frame is toooooo big for the QUEEN mattress. I have ran into the frame several times because it sticks out soooo far... I recommend you buy it if you want to customize it to fit your mattress!!! Other than that its nice and sturdy!!!Too Big
I guess for the price...it may be okay...while it was being put together my husband put his hand on top of it to get up and his hand went through it....had to be rigged. Rigged product looks okay with bedding and mattress on it.you get what you pay for
I bought this bed looking for something to get my mattress off the floor, but still be as hard (squishy beds make me uncomfortable) it definitely did that. In fact it was harder than the floor since I didnt have carpet squish under me. It was super comfortable for about 3 days, then the boards started to warp and squeak when I move (weight of mattress, bedding, me and baby is under 325lbs) and the chemical smell was powerful. I ran the fans full blast, had the windows open during the day, slept with the door open and still woke with a migraine every day. Went on vacation for a week and when we returned the entire house reeked of this horrible chemical smell. I drug the bed out to the garage and hoped it would air out there...It didnt... Just made my garage smell. Contacted Walmart and told them the issues I was having and they not only refunded my money but are sending someone to pick up the bed for me. Love Walmart, hated this bed.Returned it for a refund
I love the way the bed looks, but the quality is terrible. I have only had a few months and it is already making funky noises and the screws on one side popped though the particle board. I sleep on this bed alone and it is still falling apart. I didn't expect much for the price but I didn't think it would fall apart so quickly!!looks nice but poor quality
Decent for the price as long as you never plan on moving it. I bought it for my first apartment and moved one year later. After trying to reassemble it it slowly started falling apart. Not too great to look at even with a comforter on the mattress. And, as others have mentioned, my queen mattress didn't completely cover the wood, so I always had to make sure my comforter was long enough to fully cover the sides. I guess you get what you pay for though.Don't plan on moving it
The pieces did not fit together well. It's not very stable. It will be a piece of furniture I leave on the curb when I move off campus in June.Hunk of Junk
I bought this bed with a giftcard that I recieved for Christmas. I could cry at the lost money I spent on this piece of junk. It is extremely heavy and cumbersome in the box, out of the box it is cheaply made press board. Once we had it all together we realized we had to put the trim on, screwing in from UNDERNEATH. When we tried to pick the bed up to put the screws in, the whole thing fell apart. Do not buy this bed! You would be better of spending more money on something 10 times better, or even building something yourself.Do not buy this bed!
When we attached the molding, the space left for the mattress was a good 2" off widthwise, although our mattress is a standard queen. Also, we will be moving soon, and we will have to buy a new bed altogether, since the thing is falling apart! Lift up on it, and the screws pop right out.
I advise only buying this if you have no plans on moving it once you put it together. Also, if you have a nice mattress that you don't want to warp (we have a sleep number) either go with something else, or leave off the molding.Falling apart, wrong size
This bed is horrible, I know it is cheap but I put it together and when I turned it up to put the trim on it fell apart. Cheap unreinforced partical board material, screws strip and predrilled holes don't line up. The bed looked warped and wierd even before it fell apart. It ended up in the junk pile. Please don't buy this bed frame. Even for the money, it's just not worth it. It is not worth $40.CHEAP PIECE of JUNK
i ordered this product for a guest bedroom in my house. i got it in opened it up pulled out 5 of the pieces and 3 were damaged in shipping. i brought it back and didn't order another one. if it breaks that easy in shipping how much use can you actually get out of it?Not so much
I had to return the bed. After waiting for almost three weeks I finally got it and when I got home to put it together it had a part of the frame broken.
Another thing the bed is not painted black, it has a plastic cheap looking cover... I wasn't expecting that.Cheap bed
nothing matched, it told you to screw things that didnt even have a place to screw i wish i could return it, but i have no other bed. i dont recommend this product to anyone!!horrible bed!!
Took 3 hours to put together. Not all the holes were drilled. The instructions weren't very helpful they were complicated. Also isnt very sturdy. Definitely don't recommend this one.Complicated
Dis-satisfied w/the parts. The design was different from the instructions which made it difficult to assemble. Example, where there were suppose to be 4 holes there were only two. We had to be creative in order to assemble this product. Lucky this is only being used in the spare bedroom. Not recommended for regular use.Did you know?
OK First of all, I should have told them to take it back (I did site to store) because my box was UNBELIEVABLY damaged. I figured it was just the box... NOPE the entire fiberboard bed was bent. Each piece was broken, I had to brace each piece with a metal bar and drill into it. I essentially made my own bed frame by the time I was done with it. It looks OK on the surface, but if you take the mattress off, it's totally Frankensteined. BUT I will say it does the job, and it was kind of cheap, so go figure. I would NOT recommend this product to anybody.AWFUL
DO NOT BUY THIS OR ANY PLATFORM OR ANY PLATFORM BED FROM WALMART THEY ARE NO GOOD. TO HARD TO PUT TOGETHER AND THEY ARE NOT MADE WELL. THE SOME OF THE HOLES YOU NEED ARE NOT DRILLED ALL THE WAY THROUGH AND THE MATERIAL BREAKS APART TO EASY ITS LIKE JUST PRESSED SAWDUST IT WILL COME AAPRT. I REPEAT DO NOT BUY. I WILL NOT BUY THIS OR ANY PLATFORM BED FROM WALMART EVER.I AM GOING HAVE TO THROW IT AWAY AND LOSE THE MONEY ON IT.queen platfrom bed
The bed is of 167 lb, but it is not mentioned anywhere. I figured it out when the shipment was done.The hardboard is made of poor quality processed wood. One board was broken during installation.It is too heavy that two person cannot move. However,It's little bit flimsy. After putting my matress, I am always in fear, when it would break down. I cannot even through it away because it's toooo heavy.

I do not recommend this product at all.Very poor bed
While we expected the bed to be very plain because of the low price, we didn't expect it to be quite so poorly constructed. It seems so fragile, we were afraid to sleep on it the first night for fear it may not hold up.I guess you get what you pay for.
When the package arrived couple of components were already broken. It was mistake to call call the service of Southshore and request for replacement of broken components. The replacements when used to assemble misligned the whole platform.
Since it was huge packaging material i didn't not retain, assuming the product will be good as any other Walmart product.. Dut to all this mess I will end loosing 138$ and still sleeping on the floor.

The quality of the boards sent are so bad that, two were broke before the shipment arrived. The two are so fragile that they can break any time. This bed with this quality cannot even hold a single adult individual let alone two. I definitely wouldnt recommend this product to anyone.
You will do good to stay awy from this.Really bad experience with this queen bed platform
Hard to put together. It looks cheap. You can't really move it after you put it together or it will fall apart. It looks nothing like the picture.cheap looking cheaply made
Not all of the parts were there, the instructions were not clear, the parts that were there were wrong and the wrong size, it took about 3 hours to put the frame together, will not buy from Walmart online again.Poor
When I recieved this product one of the main boards was broken, there was no damage to the box it shipped in which told me that whoever packed it was not careful of what they were doing. Also the predrilled holes did not line up with the base I had to drill all new holes. Also had to buy brackets to hold up the overhang due to this bed is made of pressed wood and I did not feel comfortable sitting on the edge of the bed in fear that the wood would break.Not what I expected!
I wish I didn't order it, a pain in thr butt to put together. Keeping it because
To painful to take it apart to returnpain in thr butt to put together
this was entirely too hard to put together. I felt overwhelmed, it took 2 people to assemble this and the product is cheaply made. I suggest you save your money until you can afford something more expensive. The pieces do not fit well and I found myself having to drill additional holes, its ridiculous.Save Your Money
I ordered it and Fedex delivered the 150 lb package to the leasing office. I had to carry each and every plank back to my apt. The parts were missing and the wood was not of good quality. It was already chipped at the corners. The company sent me the missing parts but after a week, they came back saying the package was lost. I did not have the patience to wait for them to ship again. I returned it.Please dont buy this
Putting the bed together was strenuous. Once together the edges feel flimsy and the molding around the edges is threatening to tear off. After four months of use the middle beam which support the two pieces of plywood down the middle of the bed broke of because it was merely another a piece of plywood that had been screwed into. Now the bed sags down the middle and I have to buy another frame. I can only hope that this type of break is covered by the 5 year limited warranty. I am a 165lb man. This frame is awful.Cheap
The bed was a waste! I guess 'you get what you pay for'. Dirrections was very un-clear.1 of the wooden boards had a crack in in it, when trying to screw the screws in the wooden board 1 of them split..with the nail going through..I went ahead and finished assembling the bed because I wanted to get my mattress off the floor. after I finished the bed look like garbage! didn't have enough energy to take it apart take it back. It even took them over an hour to find a bed!nightmare
Delivery of this product was horrible. Damaged and torn up box, cracked wooden board, and the cheap worksmanship makes it so the boards split evwn with the slightest turn of the screws.cheap workmanship
I received the text that my bed had arrived. Went to the store and picked it up. The woman loading who brought out the product was very helpful, and although the box was obviously too large for her to maneuver, she made every effort to assist me in loading it into my vehicle. When I arrived home, I received assistance from a friend in carefully getting the package into my room and gently placed it on the carpet. I then grabbed my boxcutter, opened the package, and instantly saw that there was a large crack in the bed. I repackaged it and took it back to the store the next day. There was no hastle with the return, but I was still rather upset to having waited a week for the delivery to the store, driving 20 minutes one was to pick it up and having to return the next day to return it, and I still don't have a bed.Frame was cracked
This bed is absolutely horrible. The materials are very cheap particle board. They are painted for finish, and that's not even on all pieces. The entire back side is exposed particle board. Since you assemble this, you place your hopes in the manufacturer to line up the initial drilled holes. Epic fail. When you're not scratching your head why they use plastic studs on the base you're getting angry when the actual metal screws must be set at an angle just to hit wood, then with a lot of care, not pop out of the side of the very cheap wood. The platform does not fit a standard queen mattress so it leaves an inch of unpainted wood exposed on both sides. The biggest pain in the neck is the final step of assembly, the railings. They do not have pre-drilled holes and must be screwed in upside down. A power drill will not have the needed clearance so be prepared for your hands to hurt from manually struggling to connect the rails. And I'm only 27, good luck if you have arthritis. Overall, this is junk. My budget trapped me, I should have saved for better, and truly hope all others avoid this product.Cheap, Poorly crafted, Non conforming sized, Junk!
Fed Ex delivered this product broken. Even though I was home, they did not ring the bell but instead leaned it against the garage door (in a puddle) so the water soaked through the package. When I opened the package, it was damaged, looked like someone drove a fork lift into it as there was a puncture in the box, with the particle board broken. I had to box it up and bring back to the store as a return. Something I did not enjoy as this was a very large and heavy product. Very disappointed.bad delivery
I ordered it and it came broken 2..it came broken in the box 2
Screws and holes not matching properly,,
Material is very poor
I will never my furniture from Walmart at all.
This is my second experienceSpend 50 $ more for better quality
My boyfriend and I bought this bed. The holes that you line up to screw the bed together didn't match up. the wood was poorly cut, and it was bowed out which made it very hard to put together, the dark paneling of the wood, looked nice, but as soon as you screwed pieces together, it chipped away and broke off. Definitely very disappointed in this bed, it wasn't worth what I paid for it, and if I knew the quality would be so poor, I would have spent my money elsewhere and got something much better.poor quality
Arrived with five broken boards and had to return to walmart for a gift card which limited me to purchase it at sam's or walmart.Horrible shape as delivered
not happy at all, delivered when I was at work, dropped carelessly and pieces were scratched chipped and warped. Hope they pick it up soon.got dropped real hard on my front door step
Assembly and directions were very poorDirections made no sense
The product was difficult to assemble because the particle boards were soft/weak. The screws were not grabbing adequately. Centering the boards was not easy. The product was not worth the price. The black framing can't stay in place even though the screws are attached.Inferior Product
Not at all what the picture showed. Just pieces of wood that could be bought at home depot probably for less wouldn't recommend it to anyone.Not worth it
Poor quality, pieces don't really line up enough to get the screws in sturdily at all the necessary places. Moulding pieces that go around the edges need to be screwed on last and from the underneath, which is extremely difficult without a power tool, which it states not to use. I purchased this because it is cheap so I didn't have too high of expectations, and I am still unhappy with how it turned out.Not worth it.
I would like to share with you how disappointed I am with this product. It arrived and it took two people and a good ten minutes to get up the stairs because it was so heavy. Keep this mind since you will need help moving it. However, it is not steardy and the boards do not light up properly. Because nothing ligns up, the screws crack the wood and paint off. this happened in several places and they weret even screwed all the way. The corners are far from smooth and will scratch your legs if you walk too close. I got it today, did not finish assembling before I decided I needs to go. I contacted Walmart about this product and they weren't helpful. I also contacted the company directly and I have not heard back.Awful
Nice looking but arrived with a large crack in the wood and was sent back. Not a good experience for a first time purchase from Walmart online.Damaged Goods
the platform looks great, but without any hardware its still sitting in the corner. It's been 5 days now, and hardware has not arrived yet.missing hardware
The instructions are unclear. Some parts were not marked. Very flimsy and cheap looking. Doesn't stay together well. Sorry I purchased it...Not worth the money
Would never purchase this brand again. Product was damaged when we unpacked the box. The simulated wood cracked/split when putting it together. Hardware was missing and we had to use our own. If it was intended for anything other than a temporary college apartment we would have returned it immediately, however we were 2 hours from home setting up apartment the night before school started and that wasn't an option. DO NOT PURCHASEVery poor quality
There was much wrong with this bed.... The directions were not very well written, the packaging didn't protect the product, there was a manufacturing error and holes were on the wrong side of one board... Overall, this product is not worth your money. The only upside is that it doesn't squeak like my old metal frame.not good :/
Not sturdy enough. More descriptive instructions.Needs more markings on the board
one of the board broke when I was installing it. I saw a crack when opening the package. The quality is so poor, I wouldn't recommend to purchase this bed frame.poor quality
It's been 8 days since this bed was delivered. I took it out of package worked on it it noticed something wasn't right . I then called cheap shore who seemed to know exactly what piece didnt fit m1. Said they would send a new piece it's been eight days. At this point as heavy as the pieces are I'm going to have to take the bed back peice by by piece to walmart. Don't order this bed.Still waiting on pieces that actually fit
This is a very cheap product. The top of the bed where the mattress sits is 4 pieces of non matching in color unfinished flimsy plywood. I have a queen mattress and the bed shows about an inch on the sides and you see ugly unfinished plywood. I'm going to have to paint it black. Honestly I believe if you just painted up some wooden pallets it would have looked better and been more durable than this bed. Extremely disappointed! Also bed got shipped to my old house even though I had changed my address. Fed ex just left it on their porch with no signature required.looks like a bunch of scrap plywood
This bed looked great in the pictures but in reality it is an eyesore. The bed looks cheap once you put it together. The base where the mattress lays is not aligned so once you place the mattress on the bed the ugly unpainted wood platform is seen. It was very difficult to put together because the screws and holes were not aligned or not there at all. Poorly manufactured and decorative disaster.poorly made
poor qualityparticle board
One of the sheet arrived with some scratchArrived with defective piece
Poor quality, difficult to assemble, and not an attractive appearance.Terrible bed
my bed was delivered with two boards damageddamaged
Poor quality,very difficult set up even with 2 people,would not recommend to even my worst enemy,simply put JUNK!very poor product
no good cheap and damagedjunk
This product comes in several pieces. Once you start screwing the frame together the wood splits. Terrible product I will be returning this item asapWorst product I ever brought online
It came in the box broken. And there r so many pieces i can't take it back for a refund. Don't waste your time.No good at all
Paid way to much for a bed frame came damaged had to wait a week for a replacement part still not satisfied if not a big hassle would have returned itjunk
The holes were drilled incorrectly, so my bed is misshapen. The picture made it look like the whole top is white, while it is really just plywood. I will never buy furniture from Walmart again.Terrible Manufacturing
We bought this for our bedroom and although we love the way it looks it is a nightmare! Not only did it take all day to build but the quality is very poor. The headboard wiggles and there is no way to reinforce it since it a platform bed. The platform bed itself can't be move or it falls apart so build exactly where it will sit. The nightstands wood quality is horrible, be careful because the wood will chip or break altogether.Horrible quality
Was not able to put the bed together because it splintered apart with the first screw insertion! Had to make my own platform bed frame. DO NOT PURCHASE THIS ITEM!!!!!!!Worst purchase ever!!!!
Couple of issues. wood was not cut in to straight and exact sizes. overall composition looks zigzag. Not truly satisfied. had a scratch on the edge which is not seen to outside, May be this happened during the shipping. Can not Spend couple of hours to disassemble and ship it back. not an easy Job for one person. As of Price I paid is not so High(150$) so had to stick it back in Guest room. Do not Expect the Bed looks exactly shown in the add. you will be disappointed. Its Just a Modal.Hope for the Best
The bed was broken and once you rip open box and get everything out, who wants to pack it back up and deal with returning it? It took a lot of work to piece it together and make it work. Poor quality control at Walmart.Broken pieces in box
Price is reasonable but assembly was hard...it took half day to put together...Assembly was hardest I ever did....
side boards brokeboards broke easliy
This item was a complete PAIN to put together mainly because everything was not delivered in the box, did what I could because it was shipped and could not be purchased in the store at that time, but I will NEVER order an item like this again through the mail.Do not have this item shipped
Very cheaply madenot worth it
very bad product
wast of monynot good
too hard to screw moulding, bevel wrong side
directions reverse nomenclature midstreambad news directions error,moulding machined wrong,
Awesome sturdy be but directions were not in the boxSturdy bed
Taking it back! Very cheaply made if you try to move it collapses!Don't buy!
Horrible product, what a peice of junk!!!!!!!Terrible!!!!
This was the worst purchase ever.... we would of returned it if the box was not destroyed trying to remove it from the box. None of the holes lined up, the fiberboard splintered when the screws were used. It was a complete waste of too much time, effort and money.

Would definitely not recommend.Horrible
All the parts that came in were broken, gave me the complete run around on trying to receive new pieces.You get what you pay for
It is SO cheap! The price is cheap but the quality is far cheaper! Save your $ because this bed will not last long at all!Cheaper than the $ it cost
We are moderately happy about the purchase of the bedframe. When we took out all the pieces of the bedframe there was one plank that was half cracked down one of the planks. And it was almost impossible to hand screw in the screws. Other than that, it was less of a hassle to keep the frame despite the half cracked board than to figure out how to return it to walmart. We timed it so that it would arrive to our new place right when we moved in.Cracked, difficult to put together
The base was easy to assemble so /i thought the rest would be a cinch. One of my boards was curved slightly, making it impossible for the rest of the top boards to be even. The holes aren't even cut into the particle board, so you have to force the screws down through the platform pieces into the base. The screws tend to slip, and then the particle board breaks. I've never put together such a stupid piece of furniture. We're returning this asapTerribly made...and terrible to assemble
I hate putting together this set to start off parts were missing so my frame is up missing parts I was very disappointed t wouldnt even bother to contact anyone at this pointNot satisfied
I just received my bed in the mail. I opened it saw that one piece was cracked. So I opened the rest and come to find out every piece of wood is broken. What a disappointment.everything was broke
I had a lot of injury fixing the bed ... Very hard to set upDo not buy
Took us forever to put it together. And wood is very cheap and breaks easyNot too sturdy, very low grade wood
Disappointment! Yes, I researched queen platform bed frames before this purchase. This item had free shipping which was my deciding factor. It was HORRIBLE TO SET UP!!!!!
Yes, HORRIBLE! The "instructions" did not match the assembly parts. I had a friend and engineer help met set it up. He could not make sense of it!Save your money...
Cheaply made with particle board, my husband was mad, on the end particle board the predrilled holes were coming out the board on painted board and chunks of particle board came off.south shore platform bed
You get what you pay for.Cheap
The bed came in tons of pieces. The box was so heavy it took 3 people to lift. The boards were poorly labeled. Putting this together was also a hassle. I guess you get what you pay for.Price says it all
Did not receive any molding with the shipment so not very pleaseddisappointed
The joints in the bed won't stay together and the wood sides of the bed are cracking. We've only had this bed for about seven weeks and it's ruined.Won't stay together, wood already cracked.
The boarders for the edge of the platform don't line up and were really hard to screw on because you're screwing upwards. I'll have to redo the panels and hope the boarders line up. Very cheap material as well. Not worth it..Boarders Don't Line Up
My daughter loves this bedSleeping well
yes, i love it!i like this bed very much!
The bed frame is very well made, the color is perfect, looks beautiful in my bedroom. Looking for other bedroom furniture. No regrets!No regrets!
I wish I could say something positive about this platform bed, but when i opened the box, all the boards were broken in half. I had to wrap it back up and return it to the nearest Wal-mart. I can see if it was just 1 board, but it was all of them. I very disappointed and frustrated. Still have my mattresses on the floor. Thanks for poor packaging :(Surprise!
This is the second platform bed i purchase from this company ..the first one was excellent and this second one isn't,after assembled,the need was so low to the ground,not happy at allpicture not worth it
I was really excited about this new bed platform. The day that my family put the bed together for me, I was so happy that I went out and got a really nice sheet set and everything for my new bed. As I went to put the sheet on is when the bed started to break. This was last Sunday. So, I tried to stay off of that part. I was still excited to have a new bed. Now here it is, Friday and this bed is completely broken. I haven't had this platform a week yet. Absolutely terrible and a waste of money. Do not buy it. I am so upset.Terrible
I wish I had of known how cheaply made this bed was.You get what you pay for.
