Overall the laptop is great. However, the speakers have to be the cheapest speakers ever put into a laptop, which is why I gave it 4 stars. I bought this cheap laptop for streaming videos and surfing the internet on the go. It has been able to handle everything I have been able to throw at it so far. Battery life is pretty good. It can last a solid 6-8 hours on single charge while surfing the web and about 4-5 hours while streaming videos. The only negative that I have for this laptop is the speakers. The speakers are at the bottom of the laptop and face down, basically making it impossible to hear. Even at the loudest, I have to put the laptop next to my head just to hear it. My suggestion would be to get some dependable headphones or some wireless speakers. You can't really beat the price for an i3 and 1TB hard drive with 4GB of RAM.Solid Laptop.. Weak Speakers.
I am very happy with my new Dell. I love the feel of the keyboard and the quietness of the keys. The computer is fast, and does everything I hoped it would. Great screen, was easy to set up, has all the connections and DVD player I needed, so I'm very satisfied. Great value!Love it!!!!
This Dell is working great. It came with Windows 8 and there was a free upgrade to 8.1 which I did immediately. Working with Microsoft and Dell to upgrade from 8 to 8.1 a frustration so I suggest if you want 8.1 get a machine that has it factory installed. I removed McAffee and use Free Windows Defender. Adding Windows Defender also was a frustration. I think they like you to pay monthly for McAffee but free Windows Defender works fine and it does not slow down the machine. My old computer was an XP machine so it took a bit of time to learn 8.1, now I like it. I use the interface in 8.1 that looks like XP. I only use this machine for email/Outlook and internet and seems to boot up and transition between screens much quicker than XP. I would buy it again.Replaced an XP machine with Windows 8.1
I needed two laptops for my daughters who are in high school. Our IT person at work suggested that I check this computer out. They've only been using them for a week, but in terms of speed and display quality I am impressed and feel they're a great valueLaptops for my daughters in high school
I purchased this computer because it had impressive components, that said I am very computer savvy and I tried for two days to clean out all the pop ups and junk loaded in this computer and even though I ran several programs to remove the stuff I still could not get rid of all of it. I've purchased at least 6 computers in my lifetime and never have I ever seen one out of the box so stuffed with malware, adware and useless
junk programs. I took it back and got my money back. I recommend that you don't waste your time or your money!Don't waste your time and money
In some ways this is a fine computer, very fast and powerful and easy to get acquainted with. But it had a huge number of adware popups from day one and I had to go through a laborious process of uninstalling all kinds of commercial applications which were hard to remove, requiring several screens of "yes I really do want to uninstall" and taking a lot of time. I resent having this adware imposed on me and I won't buy another Dell product for this reason. That said, I can't complain about the quality of the computer; just the software on it.Good computer but too much adware on it.
Would have like some usb ports and power port to be on the back of the computer but this unit is really fast. Keyboard takes a little getting use to but all in all a nice computer so far.Very Fast
This computer far exceeds the money value . this computer uploaded all of my pictures from my phone in record time using Bluetooth. the only down fall is the new windows system takes a little while to get used to .exceeds what i thought i was getting
light weight in design, great computer for the everyday users, offering robust graphics, speed, and power, to accomplish all the tasks I ask, and need it to.perfect for the everyday user
Ordered on online. Plugged it in and it wouldn't start up. Called tech support and they told me the drive had failed. I exchanged the laptop for the same model at the local store. This one started up but after a nearly a day of setting up my software and settings I found out that the keyboard wasn't working properly, especially the space key. I tried adjusting the keyboard setting to no avail. The keyboard was not functional so I returned it the next day. I am writing this review using my 6 year old Inspiron 1300 that has been a reliable tank except for the battery that failed after about a year of use. Anyway, needless to say no more Dell products for me. I don't think they are what they used to be....Junk
This computer is not that bad for a $360 home computer. It's not real fast nor is it really slow. It was very easy to set up. There isn't a lot of Dell bloatware on it. The only gripe I have is the fast access facial Recognition is a pain in the butt. It hardly ever recognizes me. I would recommend it for the price.Good home computer
This computer was purchased with Windows 8.1 and replaces a laptop with Windows XP. Currently I'm using it for email and internet searches and it has performed up to my expectations. I will be adding MSOffice or Open Office soon.

I dislike using their apps for accessing programs preferring the method used by XP.

The email and PDF reader programs that came installed are completely unsatisfactory, so I downloaded Adobe reader and Windows Live mail which I prefer. Be careful not to install their add-ons unless you particularly like them, I didn't.

It doesn't have a touch screen, but for the price I can overlook that. The speed is acceptable.Good computer for the price.
I purchased this laptop for a secondary, mobile computer specifically for grad school. The screen could be a bit sharper, the keyboard keys are very low in profile and are taking a bit of getting used to. For the price I am pleased and I feel sure it will more than fulfill it's purpose with minimal fuss and setup which I also appreciated.Turn on and go, great for student
After having a Dell Inspiron previously, and spending lots of time comparing and contrasting computers in our price range, I decided that this was the best deal for us. But when I got the computer, I was quite surprised by how cheaply made it appeared and felt. We had it for about a week before I returned it, finally deciding that the cheap appearance and feel were because it WAS cheaply made.
The computer had terrible, terrible resolution on our downloaded photos and my blog pages, so that made me realize that it was not just because of my pictures, which look perfectly fine on the camera and our old computer. The mouse stuck and did all sorts of crazy things on the first time being used. Because the computer was encased in flimsy plastic, if I accidentally touched behind the screen while it was in use, my finger movement was visible on the screen. I hated the feel of the mouse, which was rough, rather than smooth. And lastly, not being a touchscreen, Windows 8 just makes no sense - either way it doesn't make much sense, but it really didn't make any on a non-touchscreen computer.
I opted to go through a local computer repairman and get a new hard drive for my old computer, a decision I do not regret. I would not recommend this product to anyone.Expensive Junk
The computer is very fast. The only thing I do not like about it is that every time it upgrades, it takes my home page back to bing which I do not like.great out of the box
My first laptop and I love it, so easy to use. has exactly what i wanted nothing more. Perfect size screen and since i attached my mouse to it i love it. I would highly recommend this.Great Laptop
Fast i3 processor and lots of memory. It's a bit large so you wouldn't want to carry it around. No touch screen and comes with minimal software.Good value
Much faster than my 2008 comparable Dell at less than 1/2 the cost 1TB vs 250GB hard drive. Windows 8.1 more pleasant than Vista home premium.Very fast
great laptop, the only thing wrong with it was it was supposeo have a tria of Office 2013 installed.

that was not there, plus no disc's with it for windows.laptop review
It is not a fancy computer but works great. It is down to earth for those of us that just want it to work. The new format 8.1 was new to me and took a while to figure out.Good
This laptop runs like a dream. Very fast. Great graphics. I am an everyday user and this is perfect for me. The sound might be a little low for some but I feel its normal for a laptop.Great computer for value
I am a truck driver and wanted a good cheap laptop to play some games and just have computer use again while on the road. It's not the best for gaming but it can suffice. But for using it for social media and youtube and other media players, it works great! So if you need a laptop that's not fancy, runs some games and just for general use, I recommend this one. Just prepare for some bloatware.Pretty good and useful
I have now right clicked at least 30 times since I've gotten this laptop when I meant to left click something. The placement of the touchpad is too far left. You have to force your arm to the left rather than resting it comfortably on the palm rest and and using it. That means if you forget to force your hand to the left side and go to click you will end up right clicking. Also the touch pad will enter scrolling on its own without your knowledge and you will be scrolling the page when you just want to move the mouse. There is no separate mouse click buttons so if you move your finger on the left click while at the same time using the right finger to select multiple files any movement in the left finger will also move the mouse around so you have to keep that left finger perfectly still.
The arrow keys are half height and you have to again concentrate to make sure you are pressing up or down. Function F1-12 keys are not the default. In order to get F5 you have to press the FN and F5 keys to get a webpage to refresh. I am returning this unit. It's just not worth all this trouble. The keys are also really flat and uncomfortable to type on. Typing and using the mouse are an incredible chore with this laptop. This is surprising because one of the best keyboard touch pads I've ever used is a Dell Latitude 3330. That laptop blows this one out of the water. The display also is not sharp looking or vibrant. Colors look dull and text do not look sharp.Touchpad is a dealbreaker
I've had this laptop for about 3 wks. had no problems setting it up. I'm not real good with computers, but setting it up with windows 8.1. was a piece of cake. I had originally bought 1 for my Grandson liked it so much I bought one for myself.great laptop
For the price it's awesome! Much faster than any computer I've owned.Best computer I've owned!
I an not very fond of Windows 8.1, 7 is simpler. The machine works well so far and is not blazing fast, until all the updates are done. Takes several hours for the updates.Good for the Money
Great laptop for the price. I paid about $349. 1 TB hard drive is fantastic. 4GB of RAM is just right. I was afraid it might have a cheapo processor, but I did some research, and it's a good processor. It has an HDMI port, which was a must so that I can stream to my TV. And the HDMI works great. My only complaint is with the touch pad. At times it seems too sensitive, causing me to make unintended selections. Other times it seems too insensitive, making it difficult to navigate the cursor. I'm not used to touch pads. Maybe that's the problem. Or maybe I need to do some more adjustment to the settings. Anyway, despite the touch screen issue, I am very happy with this machine. I've had this about a month, and haven't noticed any manufacturing defects. One thing that some people might not like is that it does not come with Microsoft Word, which is part of the reason for the cheap price. That doesn't bother me. I just use LibreOffice.Great laptop for the price
ive had this a few weeks..i love it..and has enough memory to store alot of photos on it. great for online gaming. and great for netflix..i like the facial regantion thing to log on to ur desktop!great memory
I was kind of disappointed in this laptop.Could have something to do with Windows 8. That is an awful OS. I've had two weeks and still do not like it.I do not like having to set up an email account to operate my computer with Microsoft. also do not like having to log on each time I turn the computer on. I am not the only one that uses and it is a pain to make sure everyone has log on info.It could be a little faster also.Decent computer
Never thought I could afford a Dell. Walmart made a quality product affordable.Really happy with laptop.
good brand, product and price, fast delivery Storework good for my university kid
Windows 8 is less than advantagious. 4 gigs of memory is just not enough for the system to function well. Good graphics and hard drive size though.eh...
I had been looking at this computer for awhile before I decided it would be the perfect replacement for my older toshiba. I read up that Windows 8 and 8.1 was easy to use. However, upon start up I realized there was a problem, every so often everything would freeze, for no reason. Temps were all good and I only have Chrome up and running. Doing a bit more digging I found out that 8.1 is the problem. So far, I've read up on many people who have upgraded or purchased a new 8.1 system and this happens. I've tried to fix it using the recomened software to no avail. My only other option would be spend more money on this new computer to get it fixed. It's not that great a machine to spend the extra money or effort to fix it. I will be returning it soon and sticking with my trusty toshiba with Windows 7.Not worth the time and effort
It is fast and easy to use. Works perfect.a very good laptop
It was a present for my husband on his birthday, and he really enjoy it, the Laptop is real easy to manage all the features. and is easy to handle.Hi really enjoy it. Great Laptop
This computer is a quality made unit that does what it claims.Great Computer for the price
Getting used to the Windows 8.1 is still a problem, but that is to be expected. I would like to see them include at least an instruction book, if not the disks.Does everything it is supposed to
I tried to buy this at my local Wal-Mart but they were out, despite the fact that they still had it on display. I tried to buy a different computer with the same results. The last computer I wanted to look at was on clearance, still in the box. Wal-mart policy is that you cannot open the box to look at the computer until you buy it. The only reason I bought this computer from Walmart was because I was desperate and it was available online.
The computer itself crashed the first day I used it when I was trying to upload files from a flash drive. It started again and I was reluctant to return it b/c I had already set it up with all my info (several hours' worth of work) and because it started again and has seemed to be ok thus far. I really needed it or I would have returned it. I guess I got what I paid fo.Price is good; performance is sketchy
We needed to replace an old laptop for our home in order to basically use the internet for a variety of reasons. We just needed a basic computer. We started with another brand and after we had used the computer three days in a row, it started telling us that we had to log into the manufacturers site and purchase updates before the computer would work. First and last time I will ever purchase that brand. That is just unacceptable. So we have been using this Dell for a few weeks now and absolutely no issues. I use a Dell at work and have for years so I was familiar with the ease of use. Works great! No issues with sound quality that I had read in other reviews. Great picture quality, fast startup. We love it!Great Home Computer
really happy with my lap topGreat lap top
I am still trying to figure out everything but am enjoying my Dell and its features more than I thought I would. I bought the Dell because I would get more "bang for my bucks" so to speak.
But after my purchase I realized I am enjoying the Dell more than I did my HP.I am enjoying my Dell Laptop
I wanted a budget machine and this works very well so far. I wish the touchpad surface was smoother and the left and right buttons were more defined, but I will get used to it eventually. I don't like that I have to use 2 fingers to scroll down the page, but maybe I just haven't found the trick to it yet. Overall, this is a good laptop for someone who just needs the basics.Decent laptop
This unit is ok if you plan to replace your laptop every year. I bought this for my wife last Christmas. Two weeks out of warranty (1 year) the mother board died, cost to replace is $279.00 or nearly the cost of a new machine. Dell's response was, "it is only a machine, you should have bought the extended warranty. Even with extended warranty, after 3 years you could still throw it away and buy a new laptop. After 15 years and 8 laptops between the two of us, time to change to a brand that thinks there product will last for more than one year.Throwaway Laptop
Very happy with computer. The set up was easy and this computer meets my needs very well.Great computer
I find the keyboard touch controls to be overly sensitive. Buttons frequently respond to a simple brush of the hand/finger, accidentally issuing commands that were not intended. The screen is also very difficult to read. It might just be brightness or contrast settings, but so far I have not been able to adjust the screen to have a softer look like my other laptops. For the price it is an ok laptop, but it is nowhere near the best I've had.Dell Laptop is ok but not great
From the 1st day I turned this on I was getting pop ups and it was really slow to get on line by the 4th time it would not go on line at all took it back to wal-mart and got my money backBadBadBad
Didn't expect it to be that light weight. opened it and realized it meets my expectationgreat
Price was great for 1TB hard drive with 4th Gen Intel I3 4030U CPU also comes with a good HD 4400 GPU for Movies and very light gaming. Screen could be alot better but cant complain for less than $400 and also trackpad felt a little loose but all in all a great budget laptop for a student or hard core media person who need alot of storage for a great price with decenct cpu and gpuGreat everyday Laptop for internet and 720p movies
I am a big fan of Dell products so this is a bit one sided.
This laptop has everything you need. Speed and performance.
I got what I wanted at a great price.DOES THE JOB WELL
very nice to work witheasy to set up
Very nice. I got this laptop for a 12 years old and she do artistic painting. Work perfectly for herdell black 15.6 inspiron laptop
Great laptop. I really like the extra room for my arms. Very easy to use. I especially like the additional space that the drop box and one drive provide.Great laptop
This is very good computer for home or office nice price easy set up.Very good computer.
I just recently purchased by new Dell before Christmas. I am really impressed with the speed and the set up of the laptop. It was really easy to setup it practically did it by itself. I didn't have any problem connecting my printer it was very user friendly for a novice computer person.Good Investment
Does the job - not too fancy ($$$) but does the job - Great price. Well worth it.Dell Inspiron 15 Laptop
I needed to replace my ancient and very heavy laptop and I'm thrilled with this one. I don't mind the smaller screen like I expected to, and it's 3 lbs lighter than my old one. Since I use it for travel this is a big improvement. I purchased this bundle with software and a protection plan. The large memory space also helps with the speed of operating my software, another plus.Lightweight laptop - yea!
overall a pretty good unit for the price. I am liking Windows 8.1, having used it for almost a month now. I upgraded from Windows 7 so there was a little learning curve but slowly becoming more comfortable. it boots very fast and the screen is amazingly clear and sharp. with iTB of storage I don't plan on running out of storage space anytime soon. Keyboard has a nice touch and the number keypad to the right side is a great add on for a laptop. if you are new to Win 8.1 like I am, I would suggest using YouTube for getting started. I found many helpful videos specifically for 8.1. Split screen is a nice feature and I don't know how I got along with out it before. battery seems to last a long time and recharges fairly quickly. laptop weighs about half as much as my previous Dell and it has no heating issues. I can type on my lap and there is virtually no, that's right, no heat.Dell Inspiron 15 with 8.1 Windows and 1TB HD
My husband is a teacher and needed a new laptop. On a teachers salary we couldn't afford all the bells and whistles. This Dell from walmart fit the bill and our budget!just what the teacher ordered
except for windows 8, which I hate, this computer seems like its worth the money.good buy
I guess I have to try and figure out how to fly in Windows 8.1 now ... nice and all, but the old style XP and Vista were more practical in the ordering of stuff ... this 8.1 is too fancy and not so practical ... it's more difficult to find things ...I guess I have to try and figure out how to fly ..
If you are looking for inexpensive value this is a great computer. Has a ton of memory but you will need to purchase software like windows, ect. I would probably pay a little more and get a touch screen that works better with Windows 8.1, but if you can get past not having the touch screen this is a great computer.Well worth the money.
A little difficult to get the windows 8 figured out but that is not the pc's problem, everything works as advertised.nice pc
This computer exceeds my expectations and I am particular. It surfs the internet with ease and plays back video.... excellent and I may buy another.Great laptop computer for the $$
An affordable and good laptop for the price. Big screen, dvd-rm, bright graphics only the sound volume is not so good, other than that, a nice pc for my university works.Very nice pc for the price...
A Good purchase for the price. Walmart offers this at a very competitive price as compared to other sellers in the market. The product meets most of the requirements of a user.Good purchase for the price.
I will not recommend this laptop to any one. Within two months of purchase screen started flickering and when talked to dell tech support they said they will repair it. For a price of new laptop I am getting a repaied one....what a heck....It seems I have wasted my 350$Power problem with laptop in 2 months of purchase
and the replacement is $200. Grrr.18 months and the motherboard went out.
The item arrived very quickly.Faster speeds than I had hoped
Great for school.What I needed in a laptop for the right price
I do not like to have to learn how to use a new operating system just so the customer can see the computer as "new and improved."Initial Impressions of Windows 8.1
This computer works great for our home use. I do wish they told me that office was NOT included.just in time
I received this laptop yesterday and It was great.... I love it...

very fast, very strong,great computer
My last computer was an HP laptop that I purchased during a Black Friday event and that was the slowest computer known to mankind. Even after clearing all of the viruses that came with the computer and deleting the unwanted apps, it was still slow. So I when I purchased this, I was skeptical because of the low price. I went to Best Buy and almost all of the laptops didn't have a CD/DVD drive. That meant purchasing an external, which is extra money. I also didn't want extra things plugged in as I move around with my computer a lot. So I took a chance on this Dell and it exceeded my expectations. It is fast and reliable. I can now watch YouTube videos and play games with ease. The webcam isn't HD or as clear as I'd like but still okay. It did slow down to a pause when I tried to use my external HD webcam's video and picture feature. But the rest of the computer is very fast. You also must purchase Microsoft Office separately, and can pay either monthly or annually.Great computer for the price!!
very nice laptop got it for a backup works really nice everything works great had it for around 3 months still no problems great for everyday use watching movies an playing games off Microsoft store not great for big games like world of Warcraft or arma games and so on plus been going through dell for yearsGreat Laptop
This laptop is a perfect replacement for my old Dell laptop. The price was right from Walmart as well as the size, weight and performance. I am still getting acclimated to windows 8 functionality but that should not be too difficult. I must say that Walmart customer service was very good in handling the laptop change in price. I originally purchase the laptop for $328 and the next day the price rollback to $299 which is a steal for this model. Walmart honored the lower price and issued me a credit which was very nice. It is a great machine low on power consumption and start up very fast. The only drawback is the single memory slot. You cannot add any more memory you would have to replace the DIMM.Dell Black 15 6 Inspiron 15 Laptop
I really love this laptop! I'm thrilled that it came with Windows 8.1, and it is a great deal for the money. The only thing I had an issue with, was the DVD player. Disks of any kind didn't seem to play right, and wouldn't work offline. Other than that, it's perfect. The computer comes well equipped with the latest apps, and user friendly software. I would highly recommend this product to a friend.Fits My Needs
This laptop is great. We had a few issues in the first couple of days getting updates to download and install, but after that it has exceeded our expectations. It has all the features we needed and a few we didn't know we needed. We did find the Windows 8 home screen a bit confusing, so we installed the patch for the Windows 7 home screen and prefer it. Incredible amount of storage, plenty of ram, and the camera is great. We did have to add external speakers because the stock one are lacking. Over all, very pleased and would recommend!Great laptop for such a small price!
A little slower than I expected, getting used to Windows 8.1. Pointer seems to freeze slightly every once in awhile. Great battery life! Sound better than expected.Good Value
This computer is by far the best i have hadwonderful
Laptop came on time
Work very well so far
good charateristicsGood laptop and good price
The volume sound is very low even when it is turned all the way up.Good Laptop Computer
I have been a long term Dell fan, but it appears that Dell is putting all the quality in the guts and nothing in the construction of the case and sturdiness. Might be a good laptop for someone who doesn't travel or move it around much, but that's the purpose of the laptop, portability.

Offset keypad with numeric pad was also hard for me to get used to.

Might have been a good computer, but I had to return it based on the keypad and my opinion of long term durability of case.
Sorry Dell.Great Value based on guts, but Flimsy and awkward
While this was a "refurbished" model ..... it came without any packaging whatsoever !! Out of the plastic bag .... it took twenty tries to get it to even start .... since I have a service contract with geeksquad I took it in to fix .... and optimize. After a week I got it back .... the geeksquad agent told Me that it could handle emails , but not much else !!! I play an online game that uses java ... so it's not very intensive on processor resources yet still kept freezing etc... very slow to bootup or anything else.Expensive Junk
The computer I purchased was used. It had picture folders filled with pictures of family outings that were labeled and dated. It also had an administrator password on it and I couldn't get to anything else except for the pictures. I returned the item to Walmart and got my money back.Dell Black 15.6" Inspiron 15 Laptop PC with Intel
Thought this would be a decent entry level laptop. WRONG! You get what you pay for. I have actually already returned this to DELL for a warranty replacement. Right out of the box, the mouse pad didn't work properly. No way to calibrate it or change the sensitivity. Less than 3 weeks, and the dc port on the motherboard went bad. DELL support BEGGED me to work with them on the return rather than return it to the point of purchase. I did and do I regret it. Replacement laptop still hasn't been delivered.

Advice - Spend the extra money and get a decent machine, not worth the aggravation here.cheap, get what you pay for!
Wish I had never bought this. Not a big fan of 8.1 but I can live with that. The infuriating thing about this machine is the way the left/right buttons are incorporated into the touchpad. What a disaster. It's like tying the gas pedal in your car to the steering wheel. Constantly popping up unwanted stuff and losing others. It's hard to believe they tested this product and released it like this anyway. I understand 8.1 was designed for a touchscreen and not a pad like this.Buyer's Remorse!
I had a lot of problems and by 4 days after receiving the computer I called Dell. Was on hold for over 45 min and finally a woman came on and I could not understand her. I had to ask her to repeat everything.She connected to my computer and then she tells me it has a virus and its not covered under the warranty . It has Mcafee and its does not do the job. HUMMM . I disconneted and hung up. I went into the computer myself ran a virus search none. So I went back in and did a restore . Removed Mcafee and downloaded Windows essentials and ran another scan and there was nothing this time either. I emailed Dell complained about it . Theywere sorry for all the drama. I explained it all to them and also told them I was not confortable with a restore disc we have to burn and they did send me a USB with the operating system on it . There are no books that come with it and you have to print them yourself. So I am somewhat discouraged. I even told them I would never buy a Dell again I will go Mac.Frustrated
This computer was everything my granddaughter expected.
Easy to set up (we got her the laptop package). Easy to
find Wifi. Looks very nice on the little desk we bought
for her to do her homework on.ClassyGrandma91
I bought this laptop a week ago through Walmart.
Laptop got delivered in one 4 days.
I would recommend this product for its value... :)LIke
I have used Dell for years, and always loved them. I really love this laptop, it is perfect for all my daily activites. The first one I ordered, had to be returned because it wasn't what I ordered, they sent me an HP. It was very inconvenient as I had to send it back and get a replacement. But the customer service was great and in a few days I had my Dell.
I love it and definitely recommend it, for the price it can not be beat.Great value
good just need to have more booklets information on how to use the laptopgood
good ,BUT had a virus and called to fix it, AND COST ME TIME AND
$99.99 to repair do i get any money back?good laptop
I like desktops better but this will fit my needs moving forward.Never had a laptop, only desktops
I was looking for a basic computer but spent more to get the Intel processor. I did not expect much but was VERY disappointed in this computer. I've had it about six months and had to call Dell because of a faulty audio card that caused the laptop to emit a high-pitched squeal that only stopped if I pulled the battery and power cord. The keyboard has a faulty spacebar which needs to be tapped multiple times to space - the keyboard also quits working on a regular basis and I need to reboot to get it going.
The hover/click feature is driving me nuts and changing the settings is 1) hard to find and 2) does not help. The system routinely locks up whether I am online or off.
The only plus with this is their service people were nice but it was a large part of my day to deal with them. Obviously, I would not recommend this model.No satisfaction here.
Bought one for my wife got it home
and all it would do is beep
returned it and got one that worksnice if it turns on
whenever I got this laptop, it was used, I mean it was a return, so I didn't get a new laptop, no user guide, and it had a bunch of stuff on it. so I return it and and got a refund.laptop
Junk worst computer everJunk Product for anyone
I saw only specs w.r.t.price.They were unique.I bought for a gift to my friend in India.It was a gift to a friend in India.I have not used
happygood for the price
Bought for my son in college headed for Law school!Exactly what you would expect from Dell.
Good value buyGood for price
It is light and screen just right.Even a camel can use it.
Useful for those vacuous sorts that appear to require constant support and networking. A powerful toy but does not come with any Office suite or other truly usefule app.Dell 1500 laptop
ok by meok
I received my replacement laptop today. We will see how this one works. Sticky keys, no "windows" button when it arrived, had to deal with customer service for a couple hours (they did fine, no problem).Laptop
The service at Walmart was very good. No complaint there. Problem is that this unit has no sound, will not update and windows explorer hangs constantly. I looked forward to this unit as I have always been an avid Dell user - my old laptop is 8 years young and still running Vista.

No, I would not recoomend this to my friends or anyone.Don't do it.
returned itover priced toy
just dont workfaild computer
This computer is not as strong as I would like but is okay.Okay I suppose
Very good system for the buck if looking to upgrade from older or smaller system this is great for pricenice box
My son uses this laptop for school and it was a great find.Name brand-great price
Very pleased.Laptop happiness
Everything I expected from a Dell product - quality, ease-of-use, good documentation and flawless startup.Dell quality at great price.
Constantly shuts offNot good
I realy like this Computer.Great computer:
The computer has functioned flawlessly. Familiarizing myself with Windows 8.2 is the hard part as I have not worked with a smart phone and had been using Windows 7 for just over a year.It works.
Easiest computer to set up than I've ever owned. Contacts, emails, accounts, etc. automatically transferred when email address was entered. Only had to answer a few questions. Cheapest price by far with 1 T and it's a Dell to boot!Great buy on Dell
greatawesome sauce!
Excellent way to shop, fast and easy. The laptop was ready for pickup the next day. Walk in the store out in ten minutes. The only thing I can say that was a little disappointed was they did not ask me if I wanted to buy a protection plan. Overall I'm a happy customer.
NancyHappy Camper
I've had several different computers and this one is by far the best one. I use it for school and for playing the Sims 3 :) my old computer which was an hp always lagged when I played Sims, but this computer doesn't. It's def much faster than any of the other pcs I've had. I love it!!
And the shipping was so fast!Best computer I've had.
My first laptop for school and it is awesome. Had to get rid of some extra software that came with it but after that it worked great. Windows 8.1 is a very fast operating system but took a little time to get used to. Overall great value for price.Very Fast
I was skeptical getting a computer with Windows 8.1 on it...I despised 8.0...but this computer has turned out to be awesome for the price. I only game on it..no work..but it's fast and easy to operate. Would recommend to anyone that's why we're getting another one for our son.Inspiron Laptop PC
We bought this as a Christmas gift for our son. We wanted something with a reasonably fast processor and sufficient hard drive space and an optical drive. It shipped very quickly and arrived well before we were expecting. After weeks of searching for the best specs on a computer that we could get at a good price, this was what we came up with. We are quite happy with the purchase.Good value
I bought for my son who was getting ready to deploy. I bought it on line and he was able to pick up in the state where he was stationed. Let me say he loves it. He has been able to keep in touch with all family and we were able to Skype today half way around the world.Dell laptop
Bought this for high schooler and has served him well so farWell worth it
Im not sure I like the new windows, and the mouse is a little touchy but I do love this computer.great deal
Bought this for my husband as his old laptop was outdated and slow. This this a nice computer for the money. It's taking a little time to get use to the new windows system, but that is our fault, not the computers..Dell Inspiron
This is a very nice laptop. Would recommend it to my friend. Also Dell has excellent customer service, and are very helpful when you need them. Was a great purchase from Walmart.com who also has excellent customer service.Dazzling.
I am just learning the ins and outs, so far I am really impressedGreat Lap Top
Good computer, more than I expected. The ease of use is fantastic and the apps are great !cool computer
this laptop is amazing !! I am a college student who needs to have multiple browser and applications all running at the same time usually any PC/ laptop would slow down a whole lot >.< well not this one it runs just as fast as if i had only one browser open :) I've only had this laptop for about a little over a month and i'm still trying to get used to the whole windows 8 layout (which is super confusing might i add) the 1 TB memory is great it feels like i am never going to run out of space LOL i highly recommend this laptop to anyone looking for a great multitasking laptopso far the best i ever had :)
I had been watching sales for laptops, and saw a 1-day deal come by for $100 off this laptop. It seemed to good to be true. 1TB, webcam, DVD player, intel Pentium...... it is very fast. The only downside is that it doesn't come with backup discs. So you have to purchase a USB drive and create your own (I googled how to do this and dell website was helpful). You need at least 8GB free on an empty USB drive, so I got a 16GB one on Walmart.com for less than $15. This laptop is well worth the deal!Great laptop and great price!
Product and features are a good value for the price. The 1000GB hard disk rather than the usual 500GB and 12 GB of Ram rather than the usual 8GB make it especially nice.
Not crazy about Win 8.1, but I am getting used to it. Could do without so much pre-installed "bloatware" too.Good value
I just finally opened the laptop up last night. It's working GREAT! The first one I got was connected to another user, so I was able to switch it out with WalMart for another laptop and it's worked out great!great laptop
This product is Great for the price. I haven't had any problems with my computer so far. It holds a lot of information.For the price Great!!
This laptop was great value for the price. It has lots of storage, is very fast, easy to use and simple startup the first time you use it. I couldn't be happierCouldn't be happier
Helping me with my careera very helpful tool
hi I was really surprised when I received this laptop it is excellent computer for the money.this is my first dell .I love itmy first dell
Great computer right out of the box. Very fast and easy to use!!!Exelent laptop
I bought this pc to replace my Tosiba satelite. Out the box it was great. Ran smooth with fast start up. Was hard to learn a new pc, but once I did I learn it that most of the things can be turned off, and work through the desktop. If not your screen will not be fully optional making it a 12".

Problem: Once you let the Mcafee go, the computer starts loading slower and freezing. I know it's the security software, even if it was a different named brand, they all screw your pc up. Do your self a favor and buy your own or load a free one. Get it off your computer other wise your pc will slower go down the drain.So far after 6 months no problems except...
This is a great laptop and it's affordable. I haven't had any problems, the battery lasts a long time, and now that I downloaded stardock's program, it behaves like windows 7. I love it!Love it
I purchased this on a one day sale from Walmart. Considering the fast processor, I3-4030U, and the 1 TB hard drive, you couldn't get a better buy anywhere. I've seen other PCs by Dell in this series with slower processors and smaller hard drives with a much higher price tag. Buy this one. It's more than worth the price.What a buy!
I have lots of experience with computers and I must say I didn't want anything less than a Intel 5 quad core 2.3 to 2.6 ghz processor for my computer choice. However my budget was low due to being a college student and i was in need of a laptop rather fast so I looked all over and wasn't satisfied with anything until I came across this laptop online. It only has one Ram slot so if you want more such as 6 or 8 which is more than needed most programs run a gigabyte and games run no more than 2 you will have to buy a 8 gig single ram chip usually $80. The diskdrive has plenty of space 1000 gigabytes. And if you want something faster a solid state drive with 500 gigabytes is perfect (around $200) but other than that the laptop is a steal for its price. 1.9 ghz processor, 4 gigs of ram and a 1 tarabite disk drive. I would say yes every time.Not bad for an Intel 3
Fast, loads of hard drive and a steal for the price! What's not to love.Great deal
The product works fine and the value for the price is awesome.Great Buy
bought laptop in a bundle. it came quickly and was everything I expected. since I am basically homebound it is a welcome relief to get what you order.good deal
I like my new Dell Laptop. I feel that I am getting a lot more for the ;money I have spent. I have, and will continue, to recommend this Dell Laptop. And I thank my computer man for recommending this one for me to buy!I like it...
I love my computer.love my computer.
the computer works very well my son and my husband really likes it. thanks,.computer laptop
It works well. Haven't had any problems.Laptop
bought for my son, who's last one died. He was thrilled and is on it every chance he gets.Son was blown away
MADE A GREAT CHRISTMAS GIFT FOR MY GFNICE DELL LAPTOP
I went from Hap to my first Dell. My HP used to get real hot this Inspirion stays cool even after hours of use. Windows 8 is a little weird but it helped when I turn off a few options. The screen size and color are awesome. The speaker is much better than my HP.Perfect for small office or personal.
excellent computer for an excellent priceexcellent
So far so good! Very easy to set up and the on board setup system works terrific! Windows 8.1 does take a little while getting used to but soon it seems like home!

This makes my second Laptop and I think Dell is the Cadillac of Computers!Great Laptop for the price!
Great laptop at a great price! It has enough space and operates quickly to suit my work at home needs.love my Dell
This is probably the best laptop out there for the size & features. I would recommend this PC to everyone.Loving My Laptop
Works great for home tasks.Laptop
Dell again easy setup, online within minutes.Good computer, Good price.
I bought this computer for my daughter, as I am the family "geek." I like the 4030U processor and Dell tends to make solid products. The speakers are a bit tinny, but the rest of the computer is a steal at this price. It was cheaper than Amazon for a similar Dell computer with smaller hard drive.
Windows 8 is okay if you download the program "Classic Shell" to get a functional Start menu. I prefer to dual boot all of my computers with Ubuntu Linux. After backing up the Windows software, I used Windows disk manager to add a partition. It seems that I had to go to Legacy mode to be able to use the free Ubuntu operating system install DVD. To boot into Windows, I would use the UEFI setting. To use Ubuntu, I would press F2 as the computer began to boot, and switch to Legacy mode. Ubuntu detected the hardware and ran with no trouble.Fast, low energy processor computer.
I am not a computer person and this computer is so easy to use and navigate. My prior laptop died and it cost me 900 dollars. This computer was only 400 dollars and I was worried that it might not be up to snuff because it was so inexpensive. I love it. Dell is the computer for me. Very fast too.I love this computer.
This laptop was bought as a birthday gift. But I understand it is working
great with no complaints.

JohnWas a gift that was greatly appreciated I'm sure.
I have enjoyed learning windows 8. The processor is little slow but still a great valueGood for price
It is fine. Does all my dell desk top does.Dell Lap Top
I love this computer, sorry it took so long to get one. The store never has any or you can never get any one to help you. Thanks for the speedy service.Dell laptop
I play World of Warcraft on this daily I am amazed at how well it plays it based on the slower i3 chip and integrated graphics. I did upgrade the memory to 8 gigs though, really a great value for the price. I got this laptop when Walmart first got it back in July or August. for 399, it's a great laptop not outdated specs like most of their cheaper ones are.Not a gaming laptop but plays WoW quite well
With an Intel i3 processor 4 go ram and 1tb storage, this computer can perform any day to day task with ease and speed.Inexpensive high value laptop
They Lap Top is fine I just have to learn Windows 8 nowJean's Dell
Packed with features and performs great. If you can get it for 3 bills like I did you won't find a better deal.Great Value
This is a gift for Christmas but I am sure everything will be great. Love shopping on line and having it delivered to the store.Easy Shopping
Great size. Easy to use. Love it!Excellent
This was a gift for a relative & they are thrilled with it! Easy to use, good support & excellent display.Great
If I could change anything, it would be the pointy edges at the top of the computer. I like the rounded edges instead. Other than that, the computer has been really enjoyable with plenty of hard drive space and memory and room to expand.Great laptop especially for the price
We purchased this as a Christmas gift for our 13 year old grandson. It is perfect for his needs. We haven't had it long enough to really give a full-on review of all of its features, but as far as we (and our grandson) are concerned...it is a homerun!Perfect Christmas Gift
Inexpensive computer. Works well as a basic computer.Computer
I've had my Dell Inspiron 15 for a couple months now and I absolutely love it! The speed, and ease of use is awesome! I love that it has 10-key off to the side of the keyboard and the screen is nice and bright. The only thing I can see needing a little improving is the speakers, they seem pretty quiet even when turned up to max. It also didn't come with Office, but hardly any ever do. Very happy with my purchase overall! Dell never disappoints!It's Delltastic!
This is a fantastic laptop with features that usually cost hundreds more. My wife loves it. We were a little skeptical of Windows 8.1, but they seem to have resolved most of the problems of 8.0 when no touchscreen is used. We would recommend this computer for anyone......especially at such a low price.Great Laptop
Perfect for home use. best in price slab.Perfect for home use. best in price slab.
This is a great product for school and everyday use.Laptop
The Laptop was awesome at this period performance was great & look was niceAwesome laptop
The first one dell delivered had a fault in the form of a dead pixel on the screen, rang them up and they arranged a brand new replacement, which came surprisingly quick and free of charge.

Replacement is perfect. This laptop is brilliant value for money and I can do everything i need to with ease. As I'm a student, i didn't need anything fancy and expensive so this laptop is ideal for me.

Excellent laptop and second to none customer service experience.Great laptop - even better customer service
I bought this laptop at walmart about 10 days ago. All the specs are the same, except mine came with 6 gigs of ram. It is very fast. it only takes 5 seconds for it to boot up, and about 7 seconds to shut down. I use it for gaming and work. It is very nice and smooth.
Buy it and I think you will be happy you did!
Thank you Dell :)I love my new dell!!
We just purchased a new Inspiron15 -3000 Touch Screen with Windows 8.1 Having to get used to a newer OS has its minor challenges, but is made easier with such a great computer.
Very bright LCD screen, plenty of power in the I3 and space for years with a 500GB hard drive.
We had been Dell and Latitude users for years and even though our previous Dell has an I5 processor, we honestly do not realize any performance downgrade with this I3.
This is a great overall value and well worth the investment for a great all around laptop.Great Overall Value and Performance
An 8GB RAM and 1 T hard drive is the best computer I've had. Replaced the dinosaur dell that was 9 years old. I love this computer. My hubby wants one now! I use it for my Geneology work and ALL my photos. What a deal! Touch screen, DVD drive, HDMI input, data connection data card input and most of all I transferred ALL of my data on my old computer, IPAD mini AND my cell phone and still have lots of storage. Dell...You nailed it.Inspiron 15 3000 with AMD
I have had this laptop for about 5 weeks , so far i am highly impressed with the overall performance , it has exceeded my expectations For the price it performs admirally , it is fast even with only 4gb ram, although I only use it for web browsing , email, and a little light gaming. I have w8.1 with the touch screen which i really enjoy. This is an elegant looking computer , dell as usual your product is a most welcome addition to my household.Inspiron 15 3000 Series
Very happy with my new inspiron. I am a civil engineer using it mostly for graphic design and structural analysis. The laptop is performing admirably at these tasks so far I am delighted to say. It is very light and feels well made so would definitely recommend to a friend.Powerhouse at a fair price
I was happy to get Windows 7. No OS or resource CD was sent. Had to order them. Ordered on the 17th late that day shipped that day got it on the 21st very fast shipping.Very Nice
Dell had my DELL Inspiron 15, 15.6 HD Touch Screen, 4th Gen i3 processor, 4G memory 500GB HD, Win 8.1, DVD, shipped the same day I ordered via UPS with tracking info!
I received the unit today, December 15, 2014. I followed the instructions and within 15 minutes it was completely operable. It connected to our ATT U-Verse wireless as soon as I put in our password. I did notice the signal strength week at 3 bars instead of normal 4 and 5 I am used to. It maybe a sign of a weak internal Wi-Fi board. I am familiar with Win 7 and Win 8.1 has similar characteristics and had no problem. I had to activate McAfee and MS Office, which I purchased in my order and all installed. I have DSL internet speed as apposed to cable, but this i3 processor speed does very well surfing the internet. There were 65 Windows updates that took sometime to download and all went well.
*You have to have patience and wait for things to complete loading, Next, I located the Control Panel and put that Icon on my desk top. From within the Control Panel, I located the "Disk Clean Up" and "Defragmenting" and put those Icons on my desktop for future use and reminders. I learned 20 years ago, from our company IT person, how important the Disk Clean Up and Defragmenting are to optimizing the Hard Drive in making the system run efficiently. Long story short, these 2 things may initially take an hour+ in processing time, but be patient as you will have a smoother and faster Hard Drive retrieving and processing information. In other wards, it cleans up things and I would recommend doing these 2 things periodically and will do it in a lot less time.

The Touch Screen is most responsive as is the touchpad with NO issues in short time of using. In my 2 hours in between the 6 hours of being on it, without going into more details, this system is just perfect for me! Thank you DELL!
Oh, I do have the first year free for Dell's Tech/phone support + 2 more years I paid.....just in case. :) Mainly knowing there will be a new Windows OS coming out soon, that is the talk. I might want to upgrade w/o any hitches???

The only thing left is to transfer everything from my non PC computer to this new DELL PC. :) I am back to MS WIN, which I like more!Excellent System at MOST Favorable Pricing
This is definitely an all out amazing computer. The format and design is great. I love the windows 8 operating system. For a low budget laptop, this is definitely better than expected.Outstanding
Very excillent, easy, fast for study or buisness useExperience of Dell laptop
its has great feature,facilities speed i just love itit is one of the best brand
A Dell, with fourth-gen i3 and 1TB drive, HDMI, Bluetooth, SD reader and more. All for $300 (on-sale). It's not a super high-end laptop, but for my son and daughter to use for school - it's awesome. The laptop is an average build in terms of it's case, and the trackpad is a little touchy, but it's fairly lightweight and solid enough to take plenty of backpack travel. Battery life appears good (6+ hours) when fully charged and used without the AC. It's not a touchscreen, but resolution is adequate (perfect for older eyes), however since it's loaded with Win 8.1, take my advice and buy the $5 apps Super8 and ModernMix (and make it act like Win 7 from the start).Dude you got a Dell
I bought this computer as a Christmas gift, hope she likes it. (I do)Great gift
Good price, good productGood price, good product
I bought this for my husband for Christmas and he thinks it was a great gift.cool
The computer purchase was easy and the price was great. I did find the laptop to be difficult to set up. If my 60-something aged parents had purchased the computer they would not have been able to set it up. I completed the set up with a computer geek buddy's help. The desktop's interface is made to look like a smart-phone, which I dislike.

The computer is great, but the keyboard is a bit difficult to type on. It's worth your money, but you have to put some elbow grease into using it.Almost awesome
For the price, it's a good laptop. Easy to setup. Been stuck in the XP world for years. Easy to navigate. Not much of a learning curve. Very fast for what it is.Very pleased.
Going from windows XP was a challenge. Now would not go back. Good computer for money. It has all things I need.So far so good!
I much prefer more memory and faster cpu.Good Value for the price.
I'm very satisfied.Meets all my needs.
Bought this for my daughter and she has loved it so far. She only has a few minor complaints about tracking with the mouse pad but in all she loves it!So far so good....
Got this for my daughter it's a nice computer and a good priceVery good for the price
Only had the laptop for 2-3 weeks,so can't give 4 stars. Overall the laptop functions well. It's very sleek and slim. Great for home or office.Dell
It's a great laptop, but the windows 8 made it lose a star for me. All in all, great laptop bad operating systemAnnoying windows 8
I'm happy that it all fits into place on this Dell. My old computer was a Dell as well! Thank you Dell!Sleek and Sassy
Works well..good face recognition softwareGood Purchase
Good computer for Internet and everyday applications. Not a heavy duty machine for gamers etc.Good general use computer for the price
I only paid $299 for this laptop and so far it has met my expectations!! No complaints! Seems fast enough and has plenty of memory!! I mostly use it for surfing the internet, no gaming, and to keeping track of my monthly expenses! So for the price I'm impressed and happy. I did get the spill, drop Insurance but then I decided to cancel cuz I have no kids that will be using it and for the price of the laptop I figure it wasn't worth the extra $50. I bought this Nov. 4th and have used everyday since!

My other laptop was a Hp that has lasted 7 years and is still working but seems slower and heats up! I paid big bucks for that so we will see how this cheaper one will last!! So far Happy!Awesome price Dell laptop
This laptop is perfect for me and my family. I use it for online schooling and watching videos.Handy Dandy Laptop
Good system overall. Sound is not up to par. Works better with headphones or external speakers.Good system for price.
The computer worked fine right out of the box, is a great value for the money, and has the quality Dell is noted for.Dell Computer
I recently had a previous dell computer and I had a virus that I could not complete.
I am currently enrolled in an online class and this computer saved my life. It holds a good battery and the screen is of a good width. The processing system is awesome. I am so happy.Life Saver
Though I don't like the Windows 8 that it comes with, the laptop was a good deal on sale for $299. I also don't like that the speaker in underneath the laptop and the sounds volume is not good. I just needed a laptop for doing work at home and for that, it was a good deal.Dell Black 15.6" Inspiron 15 Laptop
Arrived early, was a breeze to set up and get started. I am very happy with this product.Great value for the price
This I'd a very good laptop for someone who is not a tech geek. It's fast, has plenty of memory and is easy to use. The value for the money paid is completely acceptable.Dell laptop
it has done everything that i need to do and the price was greatmy dell
She had all kinds of trouble with windows 8.1 and I tried to help her with it. I really hate windows 8.1. If only the nerds would would fixing things that are not broke. the computer itself is pretty good.my ladies Dell
not easy going from a "7" to "8.1" slowly learning, mostly thanks to a computer savvy friend.

very annoying when "page" goes back to previous one, quite often.also had to recharge the battery more than expected.not a rave review
Got this for $299 and has been well worth it. Serves my purpose perfectly, mass storage and management of photos and music. It's not super fast, but faster than those Celeron based units. I like the 1TB storage and all the ports to select from. So if you need a laptop to do heavy MS Office or multitasking type work you might want o look at one with an i5 or i7, otherwise this one may do the trick.Good unit for the price
So far so good. I like this laptop. I have a dell and didn't want to go back just because I wanted to try something different. But my IT guy said the Dell, of course, would be better. He also said the i3 would be a faster running system than dual core and to stay away from AMD. Glad I did. This pc is great and fast! Like other reviews the speakers are not that good but they are feasible... Remember it is only 1" thick! The camera seems a tad bit fuzzy looking when you're in front of it. Maybe that's just the way it looks or a system setting. This is why I gave it 4 stars instead of five. Other than this, its a great pc.Fast and Great price!
The first computer I purchased had problems, once setup was done computer went black and not able to do anything with it. Took it back to my local Walmart and they exchanged it. This one work as it should be. Very happy with my purchased.I only had one problem.
Touch pad is very sensitive almost too sensitiveLike it
this laptop is light the graphics are good not great but good. Takes a min to get used to the new os but all in all I LOVE ITGreat affordable laptop
I ordered this laptop because I wanted a computer with light weight and an antique design. Keyboard is very comfortable, very fast laptop and enough space for storing over 650,000 photos and countless hours of video recording. Speakers are also pretty decentAwesome Laptop with an Antique look
Only drawback I have found is I haven't been able to find a case large enough to carry it in,, other than this, which is not a problem with the computer itself, all is great. Could have gotten more ram, but over all not bad.Great for the price
I purchased this for my brother in-law who needed to replace his 8 year old MS Vista laptop. The 1TB hard drive was one of the main reasons for purchasing this Dell laptop instead of a similar Toshiba laptop with only a 500 GB driveGood basic laptop
I am impressed with this laptop, it has plenty of power in processing speed and more than enough RAM for the everyday tasks you throw at it.
Windows 8 takes a bit of getting used to after working with windows 7 for so long.
The good thing about windows 8 is that start up and shut down are done quickly.
You can flip between windows 8 and desktop set up quickly.
Battery life seems to be good so far, time will tell.
Dell is a reliable company and this is the second Dell product I have owned with out any problems.Value for money with plenty bang for your buck
This is a very good deal for the price. They computer works well and has good hardware specs. The only downfall is the look. It is all box looking and not very stylish.Good specs for the price
Great processor and large bright screen. Only wish the key board letters would light up. Other then that I love it.great price for quality processor
Was great for surfing the web but couldn't get my camera and other things to work on it.Good fast computer
I shopped in the store but purchased online, it gave me more details about the product and I could compare similar brands. Walmart gave me the best price within my budget.Great buy!!!
We have owned a Dell laptop Vostro for over 8 years, problem free. Great sounds, keyboarding & a joy to use. I bought my new Dell less that 8 months ago but since day 1, has not been satisfactory in result. The keys constantly jams, tracker does not work well resulting in constant zooming of fonts??? The sound quality is very poor, too many bells & whistles. Loved the start up speed and fast connections. I will recommend this product for everyday surfing, emails, as what I purchased it for, nothing more.good features and incredible value
This is my first laptop, I have had two Dell desk tops, still use one.
The i3 processor works well but I would rather have an i5.
I don't care for the mouse pad so I use a small wireless mouse.
I bought this for my wife so she wouldn't have to go down the stairs to my basement office. It has plenty of features and works well for her. Overall I am very pleased with it.Great for the price
I bought the Inspiron 15 3000 (I think the actual model name is Inspiron 3542, but anyway) as a replacement for our old family Inspiron from 5 years ago which was starting to show signs of failure, and to be honest I feel that this is a great product. I don't know why so many reviews give it such bad scores.

This laptop does everything our previous 15-inch Inspiron did, and does it better. It weighs less, looks sleeker, performs much faster, and cost significantly less. If you're thinking of buying this laptop and are expecting the quality, performance and looks on the level of, say, an XPS, then stay well away. If you're looking for a budget laptop for web browsing, word processing, multimedia, DVD-burning and even some graphically non-intensive gaming (remember those old DOS games?), this one can do it all. For the money I paid, I couldn't have asked for more. The stock Core i3 processor is more than sufficient for what my family needs it to do; those looking for more CPU grunt should consider investing in a Core i5.

There are a few things I think could have been improved with this iteration of the Inspiron line. First of all, why only 1 USB 3.0 when there are 3 USB ports in total? This is 2014, and USB 3.0 is becoming the norm these days. I really feel there should have been at least 2 USB 3.0 and 1 USB 2.0. If this had been the case, I would have given it 5/5 for features, but as it stands I have lowered it to 4/5.

I've had a few problems with the low battery notification not always showing up when it's supposed to, and on one occasion my system went into hibernation while in the middle of installing some Windows updates when the battery meter was showing something like 23% but it was in fact more like 5%. I have a gaming laptop which also runs Windows 8.1, and the same thing happened on there as well, so I'm guessing maybe this is a problem with Windows 8x itself. So, 4/5 for the operating system.

Overall, I think Dell has done a great job with the Inspiron 3542, it's a pity that it is being pasted by all the unfavorable reviews. But I love it, thanks Dell for this great product and were it not for the few mentioned oversights I would have given it 5/5 stars. My final verdict is 4/5, and I highly recommend it.Why all the unfavorable reviews?
I ended up buying this laptop for graduation in preparation for college this fall. I had some minor issues when I first bought it, but those were either a fault of my own or a fault not related to this computer.

For example, I was having issues staying connected to my home Wi-Fi network. You could imagine my frustration when the internet would randomly cut out or indicate "Limited" in the system icon tray. However, I then discovered that my wireless router was set up to assign specific IP addresses to each device that connects to my network. After manually entering IP, Subnet, Gateway, and DNS server information, I have not had any connectivity issues since.

Regarding Windows 8 - I think people don't like the operating system because they don't want to put the time into actually learning the ins and outs of how it works. I definitely recommend going to Microsoft's website and doing some of the "Welcome to Windows 8: Tips and Tricks" exercises they show you in their videos. They may seem elementary and somewhat dumb, but you'd be surprised how much easier it is to navigate Windows 8 once you've learned it.

I DEFINITELY RECOMMEND BUYING 8 GB OF RAM. The Inspiron 15 3542 only has one memory slot, so you're either going to get 4 GB or 8GB; you can't get 6 GB for this model at this time. I chose not to get the touch screen (didn't really see a need for it) but you'd be surprised how limited PC speeds are on only 4 GB of RAM. I tried to install a Nintendo DS emulator to play some of my favorite games... No dice. It lagged so much, it was impossible to play it. 8 GB of RAM may seem unnecessary, but I promise you it is worth the money.

One last thing - the battery life isn't that great. I recommend upgrading your battery during purchase, too. I'm kicking myself for not doing it.

In summary:
1) Take the time to learn Windows 8.
2) Buy the 8 GB of RAM when you buy the computer.
3) Enjoy your computer!A good, cost-effective option for college students.
This is my third dell laptop. The first is 12 years old and other than the mouse buttons on the touchpad not working anymore and the battery being dead, that still works as well as the day I bought it. The second is 4 years old and is 100%. Those laptops didn't live a nice happy life either, both have more sea time than half of the personnel in the Navy. All that pounding from rough seas isn't easy on a computer. After that track record I didn't even bother to look elsewhere and came straight to dell for this latest purchase.

I'm still playing with this new machine, getting rid of the bloat ware and garbage, but so far it's working well. Having to edit the registry to get rid of onedrive was annoying, but MS is consistent if nothing else.

The full keyboard is nice, and the ergonomics of the overall unit are great. The hardware is what I expected, for the price it's outstanding.

My only complaint is the volume from the speakers. I'm not expecting this to replace my home theater, but I should be able to hear the speakers over the sound of a ceiling fan. I have headphones that can play louder than these speakers at the same distance. I've tried every setting that's user assessable, but that didn't help at all. @Dell Support, if there's something that I may have missed, or a driver that runs the internal amplifier a little harder, I'd love to hear about it!Good overall, does what it's supposed to do.
Keeping in mind that, at least when I bought it, the touch version of the 3000 series was one of, or perhaps the cheapest of its kind on the market then it's difficult to have such high expectation.

For a student like myself, who is really just looking for a laptop that looks quite good, performs relatively well and has a decent battery life, this laptop is ideal.

The processor is perfectly fine for my daily use, however I do think that the touch pad feels a little cheap and annoying but it's a small fault that I quickly got over.

Overall, I'm quite content with my new inspiron. The touch screen is very responsive and it's the cheapest laptop on the market that allows you to keep on trend.Good value for what you get.
Having recently entered uni life, I decided to get a laptop for myself. Without looking any further I found the PC attractive and fast during a PC fair and went for it.

However, there is one VERY annoying problem with it, which is the touchpad. The touchpad is very irritating as it is easy to randomly click on stuff and sometimes, there is NO response from the touchpad at all! I really hope someone from the Dell Engineering team is reading this. The battery life could be improved as well with some updates if I'm not mistaken.

I would recommend this product, especially the i5 variant. This is my first Dell product and I hope many more to come especially during my working life.

I am very surprised to read all the negativity surrounding this product, perhaps you just need time to get used to this product?

P/S I read in the previous reviews that Dell is to release an update for the touchpad somewhere in July. I wonder if it will solve the problems I'm facing (and a lot of others as well, I am sure)A great budget option for Univ students
I have had Latitudes for many years and decided to change. The laptop works well, I have had no problems. The pre-installed anti software popup/ads are VERY annoying. So annoying I might not buy a Dell again. Windows 8 takes some time to get used to. The touch pad could be a better quality.Good Work Machine
This is the best laptop for its price range at the moment.

The Intel i5 4210U is a fairly new chip, comes with 8 GB of DDR3 1600 ram and Intel 4400 graphics. The other stuff is just icing on the cake. This is solid value for what u pay for.

The downside is the touchpad feels weird and the unit itself feels like missing some screws in the middle. u can almost feel the plastic bend when u press on things.Best Bang for the Buck
This is a replacement for my Inspiron 1500, which I loved. This one is much faster and the actual laptop is slightly lighter, which I like. I like the fact that there is more space for my wrists too.
The display is very clear, and easier to see from angles than my last laptop. It makes less noise while running and doesn't get as hot as quickly when it's on my knee.

However, the touchpad makes SUCH an annoying plastic click, which my old laptop didn't. This is really off-putting. Also it can sometimes be too sensitive, or not sensitive enough! More often I'm having to click on something a few times before it responds.
There are no controls for volume on the actual keyboard, which I thought were helpful on the Inspiron.
There doesn't seem to be a connection point for a projector, or if there is it looks different from what I'm used to.
I think the sound quality is not as good as the Inspiron.

Having said that, I think it is incredible value for money and Dell are always very reliable.Good value for money.
Its been almost 20days since i purchased this laptop and it is quite impressive. I had an old dell inspiron laptop, but it was just getting worse day by day due to extensive usage. I bought this 15 3542 laptop on an exchange basis. The configuration is quite imprresive though.
-4th Gen Intel core i3 processor
-NVIDIA 2GB
-Windows 8.1

And it is really worth the price. I would like the Dell engineering team, to read my review. i would like to make a few suggestions.

1) Mainly you could give "power light" feature like the one that was available in previous inspiron versions. Coz when i put in sleep, there is no blinking indication that it is in sleep mode. Sometimes it can be misinterpreted that it has been switched off.

2) Secondly there could be 2nos of USB 3.0 rather than USB 2.0

3) In the previous dell version, there was an option to deactivate or lock the mouse pad. That feature is not present in the current inspiron.

Hope someone reads this and please let your engineering team know about my suggestions.Best Budget Laptop
great value for money laptop light and easy to use its my 3rd dell laptopgood laptop
I bought a dell inspiron 15 3542 laptop with, i3 processor, 4GB RAM, 1TB Hard Disk Drive, Hd 4400 graphic, 15.6" Hd screen, Hd camera and best speaker which gives best dynamic sound.
Excellent battery backup on minimum screen light and balaced mode battery gives 6hrs backup now.

Friend I am 100% satisfy with this product. I recommend this Product.

I will describe more here, after experiencing more.
Thanks DELL.Dell is Best, Great customer and web support.
Speaker sound is bad, volume needs improvement. my old Dell laptop speakers were much better.pleased with the speed
It really needs a back-lit keyboard. This computer was this year so why isn't the keyboard back-lit, it doesn't make sense, don't you think that wold be a somewhat necessity?It's a great computer but...
Overall, it's a good laptop.
Looks like a business laptop.
Performance is excellent.
If it has one more connector for monitor, it will be better.a good laptop
Wanted an inexpensive laptop to supplement/replace our current desktop, as it was restricting computer use to the spare room.

Our home computer needs are fairly simple; internet browsing and general use of Office products such as Word or Powerpoint. Therefore we didn't need anything fancy in terms of processor speed, RAM or storage capacity.

Settled on this Dell Inspiron 15 3542 with a Pentium processor, 4GB of RAM and 500GB storage, plus a DVD drive, as the price at the time appeared very competitive with other similar products then available.

Delivery was swift considering we ordered during the Christmas break and so far we have been more than happy with our choice, as it appears to process things pretty quickly, the screen is crystal clear and the key pad is easy to use, as is the touch pad, although occasionally the left click needs a 'second go'.

Noted in other reviews negative comments about the casing, we have no complaints, it is what it is a basic no frills laptop. However in artificial light you can see strange 'marks' on the plastic surrounding the key pad, like small square sticky back pads have been applied and then removed; from assembly perhaps?

About the only other odd thing we have encountered to date has been downloading photos from a Freecom external hard drive, as this laptop stated some of the images could not be found, however there was no issue downloading the same images onto the desktop, also a Dell (XPS 430) but Windows 7 operating system rather than 8.

Oh and on registering the computer with Dell, the configurator described the laptop as "(3542, Early 2014)". Not sure if this means the machine has been sat on a shelf for months but it would have been preferable to feel a December 2014 purchase was more up to date.

Otherwise we would not hesitate to recommend this laptop configuration, if you just need a machine to do everyday general home computing.Good value no frills computing
It's working so good so far. I would recommend it for the priceGood bye
This purchase of this laptop was a good decision. In the month and a half that I've been using it, I haven't been disappointed. 4 (not 5) stars because of my short term use.Dell 15.6" Inspiron 15 Laptop w/Core i3
Excellentgood
nice technician done good job even at late hours toogood
speed goes down during gaming and grafics are too goodSpeed is low
better but touchpad issue due to touchpad softwarebetter
This is the best product in the budget as compare to others lapi..... such as Lenovo or HP.others if you see it is more handy and features are so nice.Lapi.... in the budget
It's a good looking laptop.But It's sound is very bad.It should be improved.Software is good and also no problem in gaming.SGood Choice
I recently got my new dell computer about a week ago from when im writing this, its been a bumby road of liking it and nearly throwing the comuter at a wall :P I had trouble with the bluetooth (i have bluetooth headphones) not connecting and it wouldnt remove the device because that seems to be the easiest way to re-connect bluetooth, remove the device and re-pair it. I used to be on a mac, and this isnt as organiced and clean as a mac, it also has a bt too many alerts that pop up. But there are also advantages, i downloaded a Jarvis program (im a huge iron man geek) an thats definatly an advantage. Its not bad, im sure most of the problems are from windows 8 because ive heard its very glitchy. And hopefully windows 10 will fix that! :D Alltogether its a pretty good computer!Pretty good
I am having to continually reboot the system because things will either not complete or function properly.

Windows 8 is so much more awkward to use. I much prefer a less complicated windows system.Windows 8 is for the birds
In a world belonging to smartphones and tablets, this laptop is out of the past.Big and heavy.
I brought it couple weeks ago. .. it is a good laptop but it could have more RAM .. I am ok with everything expect the speed..Good price but sometime give you hard time. ..
I can not get used to the way they set up the touchpad. Some days I find myself losing lots of time because the touchpad does not do what I expect it to do when I click or tap it. Also, for some strange reason all of a sudden the display would switch from landscape to portrait. Perhaps if I buy a mouse and hook it up that will resolve all my problems. Other than that it seems to be a very nice laptop with a great display.It's OK But....
My new Dell is great. Boots up quickly, has a lot of speed and storage, good sound quality and looks pretty.

The only drawback is there seems to be an issue with the touchpad, especially when playing games. Nearly every time I try to select something on the screen, I get a menu instead. It often interferes with my playing and is frustrating. I have tried disabling the right click button but this did not help. I don't know if it's caused by my old, fat fingers or something else.Good but one problem
this product has great gpu but low in processor(intel i3) also this laptop is touchscreen and afordable i think if dell make this laptop processor intel i5 or i7 maybe i give five star and it will be the great laptop.Inspiron 15 3000
The last time I purchased a laptop was from Dell back in 2002 and that laptop is still running pretty good for an older laptop. I've purchased a few PC's and other devices from Dell since then and have always loved the quality of my Dell products which is why I keep returning here.

With this new laptop, the performance is up to expectations. I got the 8 GB version and so far I've been able to run everything I want to and multi-task effectively.

The case? Overall the case itself seems decent. But, the touchpad ruins the show.

The touchpad is really awful...I wish I could remove the touchpad from my old laptop from 2002 and put it on this one. It's very noisy, sounds like it's not "tight", and it's just difficult to use. I worry about that touchpad surviving through the years. I've only had it a few days and the right-click stopped working at one point. I restored it by rebooting the laptop, but still...It's brand new, why??

Overall, I'd say it's workable if you are looking for more performance for a lower price (like I was). Get a mouse and disable the horrible touch-pad. Finally, I got the non-touch screen version...Once again, trying to save some dollars, didn't think I'd really care about it...But, I'd recommend upgrading to touch screen since it has Windows 8.1 and the touchpad is inferior.

I've always recommended Dell to my friends, but I don't think I could recommend this one strictly because of the touch pad.Okay for a bargain laptop
A little disappointed to see that this is cheaper quality built than my old 2009 Inspiron 15. Doesn't feel sturdy at all. Hmmm...

Has some nice features that I like, though:

-the touchpad and the click buttons are all in one piece and this makes it quite comfortable to use; the touchpad not as sensitive/responsive as I'd like it to be.

-responsive touch screen, but picks up fingerprints like crazy; so it gets smudgy pretty easily.

-the keyboard buttons are nicely rounded and look good, but kind of small, so not as easy to type on.

And overall? I guess I like it.Not quite as expected
Not sure how 1366 x 768 is considered an HD screenHD Screen?
I find the keyboard to be stiff and backlighting would be good. You have to hit each key on top and firm for it to work, especially the space key. The computer has locked up on me several times and I have to turn it off and restart. When this happens nothing works except for the cursor. Seems slow for the system included, I know it is not a game computer, but I hoped for a little faster computer. The touch screen is great, the first one I have ever used. Wish it had some lights on top to show a hard drive working.Fair Computer
HEATING PROBLEM AND SOMETIME BATTERY BACKUP IS NOT SATISFACTORYGOOD FOR AVERAGE USAGE
The speakers were on the bottom. very querty. hard to operatedon't buy it
I'm not sure if this is common, but my keyboard is typing extra letters as I type. I'm not sure if keys are getting stuck or what. I emailed dell, and we'll see what they can do. The computer is decent as far as performance. It is extremely bulky though. It's definitely not a light weight machine.Keyboard issues
The laptop itself is good. Only things bad is the picture show on the screen is bad too much dots show with picture when use either Camera or moviespicture need to improve
I needed a new laptop and since I have always purchased Dell in the past, I never gave another brand a second thought.
I have been very disappointed. The system seem very cheap, and not nearly the quality that I have received from Dell in the past. Then I turned it on, and when I first saw Windows 8 I was floored. There is NOTHING user friendly or intuitive about it. I put the computer back in the box and continued using my old broken down one. I finally had to bite the bullet and start using the new one and there is not much about it that I like. The case is slick and it slides around, the lid id very difficult to open, I specifically wanted a backlit keyboard and thought that was what I was getting but found out that what I got was a keyboard on the screen. The space bar doesn't work unless you pound it, it has a touch screen but I find this pretty useless-I'm not sure what the purpose of it is.
I was getting the "Blue Screen of Death" about every other day and periodically I would click on something and the cursor would just start spinning and not stop. On multiple occasions I was forced to do a hard shutdown after waiting 30+ minutes without anything happening. After talking with the service department, this issues seems to have gone away (x 3 days, so far).
Overall, I am pretty unhappy with this system and will think hard before going the Dell route again.Don't like it one bit
I bought this to replace my older Inspiron Laptop, which I loved, but it was time to get a new one. It is constantly freezing, lagging, and needing to reboot. It is almost impossible to load a website without the entire computer freezing for a minimum of 15 seconds. The speakers are pretty shoddy on this- you are unable to hear much even when the volume is at full blast. The general layout of Windows 8 doesn't entirely make sense unless you buy a touchscreen computer. Not impressed.Not Worth It
The mouse pad is an awful design and very inconvenient.The mouse pad is an awful design and very inconvenient.
I had to buy a new laptop since my last one died. I had bought a Dell before and was very happy with the products, however this one is terrible. It likes to delete things at will, jump from one place to another, and the mouse doesn't like to move many times. I would take it back if the 30 day trial wasn't already up. I finish school this week and will probably put this computer up and let it become an expensive dust collector. I wish it was a more user friendly computer or wish I could trade it in for another one.Terrible computer
This is probably the worst computer I have owned and I have owned Dells in the past. The right/left click buttons are part of the touch pad so if your thumb moves even slightly, crazy things happen such as deleting whole phrases from text or losing the pointer altogether.

The case is uncomfortable. The edges of the case are sharp and dig into my wrists. The touch pad is farther from the keyboard than is normal making it hard to use when hands are on the keys.

This design needs to be tossed out.Inspiron 3000
Great price, but the dual core is no match for Windows 8! I am sending mine back to get at least the i3 for $50 more.

It is just not the correct configuration for Windows 8.Performance Lacking
This Dell is so inferior to my previous Inspiron. There are no external features such as a button to stop any connection to internet, buttons to control sound, etc. The touch pad is difficult to use and makes clicking noises. The edges are sharp and keep scratching my arms. I feel as though I have purchased a Honda Fit after owning a Pilot. So cheaply made.Disappointed
I will wriite this review without making corrections. This computer was admittedly a good price, but once I began using iit, I notiiced that the keyboard double-types letters. The problem is mostly with the letter 'i', but it happenns with other letters, too. I thought, at fiirst, that perhaps I was heavy-handed from typing on my previous keyboard, but no matter how lightly I type, I get mmany typos. Unfortunately, I waiited for a month to call and now my warranty has evidently expired. If you have a solution for this problem,, please let me know, because it has takken all the fun out of computing.

Also, occasionnally, when I hiit a letter it doesn't type at all. Obviously, this keyboard has problems.

Another issue I have is with the giant black pop-up menu that appears on the right side of the screenn, along with the giant time in the loweer left-hand corner. These pop-up for no apparent reasoon and cause mmy cursor to stop dead in its trackks. Very frustrating. MMost likely this is a MMicrosoft problem, I supposee.

I was very exciited to get this computer because my other laptop is a Dell that I've had for nnearly nine years and with which I've had very few problems until recently. Sinnce I think it iis beginning to die, I thought I would replace it with another Dell. II was hoping this computer would be as reliable, but I'm afraiid that is not the case.

I cannot in good conscience recommend this computer to anyone. I'm very diisappointed. I feel I've wasted my money and I'm not sure what to do about it. Being retired, my expendable income is very limited and I've wasted some of my limiteed funds on a new Dell that is not nearly as dependable as my old Dell.Quiirks
I have owned several dells lap tops and desktops
Agree with other post feels like cheap plastic
Hate the mouse/touchpad
Internet continues to time out

I am returning this model however, I will more then likely purchase another Dell once a better model comes out.Try again dell
The computer feels really cheap. The plastic chassis reminds of toy laptops from childhood. I appreciate the addition of two finger scrolling coming from a different non PC laptop that the review guidelines request not be mentioned I do two finger scroll out of habit so I am glad that it worked when I scrolled.The only thing is the track pad is not very fluid or responsive. In order to use it to scroll up and down the screen I have to lift my hands a make short strokes. The screen would truly benefit from a better backlight at least While the keyboard is well spread out it also has a cheap easily breakable feel. It does have pretty good battery life though and that is always appreciated. At the end of the day I guess it is "budget friendly" and since I'm used to purchasing a more top of the line laptop I may just have not known what to expect. It's like complaining that a Kia doesn't drive like a Mercedes. But with all that said I may be one of the few people who like Windows 8.1. But all in all with the exception of the not so vibrant screen it is really just a laptop. It isn't made for gaming or editing or streaming video. It's really just for a college student doing homework and checking facebook. Nothing too horrible about it except the poor back lighting and resolution has made look at the screen long enough to type this pretty rough. I may just use my older laptop and keep this one around as a just in case I need something with Windows on it Laptop.feels cheap, no the smoothest performance
I wanted to avoid Windows 8.1 because of problems not yet worked out with my work software, so I purchased a 7. I have to say, this it the slowest computer I've ever owned. When I purchase a new computer, I expect to see an increase in speed. I'm afraid to see what this will be like in a year from now. Also, the ports take forever to recognize that something has been plugged in. You will definitely need to use an external keyboard, as the keys are difficult to push on the laptop. I'm so unhappy with this computer I want to cry.

There are two good things about this: It's very light for its size and it's very quiet.
II wouldn't recommend this one
I have had nothing but problems with the touchpad since I've received. Either the touchpad is oversensitive and moves too easily. Seeming to move just by my hand hovering over the touchpad then there are other times when the touchpad seemingly freezes up and even pounding the touchpad gets no response.

The break point for me was when I "deleted" my business folder from my PC (unbeknownst to me) while using my computer on battery power. It was another situation where the touchpad was behaving irregularly so I had windows that opened up that I hadn't opened. In the process of moving from one open window to another and then having to press the touchpad multiple times to get it to respond, I apparently deleted this folder. My backup was outdated so in actuality I lost 3 months of work. After this I had to complete this review to save others from a serious issue.bad touchpad
I wanted a Windows 7 laptop so the selection was limited. As a basic computer it is fine but the new casing design is terrible. It is completely hard plastic with sharp edges and very uncomfortable wrist rest. Externally it looks like something from a toy store. The keyboard and touchpad are just as uncomfortable. The marks on the f and j keys are indiscernible so I am always getting my hands positioned incorrectly. This is not a good computer if you want to use it for long periods at a time because it is just does not have a good feel to it.Disappointing
35 days after buying the laptop the hard drive crashed and had to send back to Dell to fix. Love Dell computers but this model is terrible. Computer and mouse freezes and touch pad is awful. Buy another Dell model. Would not recommend this to anyone.Save your money.
Right out the box it had a problem. I would have it connected and looking at battery it says charging. It depletes instead of actually charging. Have to spend like half an hour disconnecting and reconnecting before it actually charges.Horrible product
I wish someone at Walmart would have tested this computer before selling it to the public! Do NOT buy this computer, you can seldom access the internet, and the settings are wrong.Do NOT buy this computer!
WARENTY EXPIRED ON 12/14/14, MACHINE QUIT WORKING ON 12/18/14, WHAT ARE THE CHANCES OF THAT HAPPENING?Don't buy this!
The touchpad is the worst, virtually non-usable. The cursor seams to float around aimlessly regardless of how I set the sensitivity. But the worse is there are no separate buttons for left/right mouseclick. You have to click the lower corners of the touchpad, and it is so bad at responding that you just keep clicking, then the cursor wanders off again, and by the time so succeed in actually getting it to respond to a click you've wound up clicking on something you didn't intend to. The keyboard has a mushy feel to it, and they've messed up by putting the page up, page down, home and end keys in the top right corner of the keyboard, which is a long and terrible reach. Also the lower-corner of the laptop digs into my left wrist unless I hold my wrist up, which is tiring.Touchpad and keyboard are terrible
Worst design product made with cheap material , Bad key board got complaint in one month , bad mouse pad , I will support windows only and windows 8 is a flop O/S, Display not Good ,Please do not buy this product
pretty shock when received this laptop where only have 1 led indicator (battery). Quick disappoint DELL can produced such low end product. I bought few inspiron laptop before, and this is the first time i received such thing only 1 led light indicator,1 audio jack. If i know i will received laptop like this, i wouldn't consider buying this laptop.lack of hardisk, wifi indicator, mic jack
I have bought Dell Inspiron laptops for me and my family since around 2003 (I think seven of them in total)
The quality of this particular model 15-3542 has declined significantly from previous ones. The look and feel is not good. It looks cheap, and seems to have acres of blank plastic and sharp edges (compared to the quite lovely 15-3521).
I could not believe it has only 1 memory slot - there is no excuse for this!
As a result of the poor design, and an issue with being unable to use (two separate) iphone 4's with any of the USB ports, I had to return it, and bought an older but superior 15-3521 from dell outlet instead.Dell quality has declined for this product (inspiron 15-3542)
tech support unable to fix even after I bought an extended warranty. Don't be fooled with the extended warranty. they tell you one thing and do another. Spent 8 hours on the phone one day, Still no resolution.......all they try to do is sell you another warranty. when you add the 2 up, you can buy a new PC.....computer freezes and gets error messages
After a few weeks of use, the screen kept going to sleep even though all the features for saving the battery, etc. had been turned off. Even after being repaired twice by an on site technician, the problem still persists. Don't waste your money on this machine. It is not worth it. Also, the sound is weak.The screen of this problem is terrible.
Touchpad only allows scrolling 50% of the time.
Other than not being able to scroll it is average.Not worth price
When I first bought, it has some wifi but it still considered a small issue. Later on, in one month time, it cannot start up due to some software issue because it is running windows 8, and fixed. However, the problem came again and the computer just died. I lost all my files inside. Worst computer ever. Other than its cheap, it is trouble maker. Total waste of money.Spoilt twice in three months
Had it for 4 hours and here is my summary

Pros
Fairly thin and light

Cons
Slow laptop - apps take too long to open and sometimes freezes
Cheap plastic look and feel
Keyboard keys are too small
Touchpad is not smooth and responsiveVery poor experience
I have bought all three of my laptops from Del, after this one I am not sure if I will remain a customer.

I purchased this computer about two months ago as a replacement for an older Inspiron. I am not pleased with this product. I am a Technical Writer and it is uncomfortable to work on for extended periods. The textured material was a mistake; the surface needs to be smoother and more comfortable for individuals who work on long-term projects. The look is subpar; I prefer the more mature designs of past products. If the keyboard were backlit, it would make this product a bit more tolerable.Not Pleased
