For what I paid for this, I didn't expect it to be quite as good as it actually is. Yes, there're better 40" 1080p LCD TV's out there, but when they cost more than twice as much for only a slightly better picture and sound, it's hard to justify opting for those over this one.

The picture is still plenty clear, bright, and contrasty, without being so much so that highlights are blown out and shadows are blocked up, with very little in between. You just have to be patient in manually changing the image settings. I found that a brightness of 75, contrast of 50, and a color saturation of 25 with the tint left dead-center produces the best results, no matter the material being viewed.

As for the sound, folks have complained that it's prone to getting really loud, then really quiet, without warning and seemingly without reason. This is caused by the auto volume leveling software in the TV. It's really quite terribly implemented. Turn off AVL/AVS, and this problem should go away.

One of the really cool things about this TV, besides the huge array of input options, is that it has a 3.5mm headphone jack on the back of the TV. This will allow you to use computer speakers for external audio, if you'd like to go that route and save some money on what you'd otherwise pay for a sound bar, bookshelf system or full-blown HT system. You can get computer speakers that sound as good as if not better than a $250 sound bar for around $40.

This is about the best bang-for-buck TV I've found anywhere, and even being the A/V aficionado I am, I have absolutely no problems recommending it. Again, for more than twice the price, you'll get only marginally better quality, but since the whole point of shopping at Walmart is to save money, why not go ahead and save a ton of it by getting this TV? You'll be extremely hard-pressed to find a better deal even here.Better Than Expected
Great picture. Default audio isn't the best, but it can be adjusted so that it's ok. If it lasts, it's an absolute homerun (I've never had a piece of no-name electronics fail, but I have had an expensive Sony TV fail the day after the warranty expired). I picked this TV because of the connections - particularly the audio. You can't tell from the useless Walmart web specs, but it has every meaningful kind of video input, and both digital and analog audio outputs. Digital audio outputs are missing from lots of the low-end TVs, and analog audio out is a nice touch that's hard to find anywhere. There's also computer sound/video inputs and a usable USB port. If you're willing to buy things sight-unseen, and aren't scared off by the lack of a major brand name, this TV is worthy of consideration.great value - good choice for external audio
Everything I expected in a LED television. I love it! Perfect size and at the right price! The sound levels are a bit off but the picture is great and the different settings make it even better! There are three slots for the use of a HDMI cable which is convenient if you like to plug in other devices to your tv. Overall this tv has many features and is worth the amount.Good tv for a great price
If you want a modern tv and don't need the built-in wi-fi, apps, or 3D abilities, then I HIGHLY recommend this tv. I am writing this after unboxing and testing both the 40" and 32" versions so know that I cannot yet speak to long-term performance. However, I am so impressed that I'm taking the time to share a review and perhaps answer questions you didn't know you have.

THE BASICS: I think both the picture and sound are VERY good. It's lightweight and easy to setup. If you want to hang the tv, screws will have to come with the bracket.

This review covers the same exact model in both 32" and 40" as I got both.

HOW I USE IT: (I've thoroughly tested these too)
* Broadcast TV
* HDMI tablet, phone, or computer input for video or pics or sharing web page viewing with others or computer instruction
* USB thumb drive left plugged in back loaded with mp3 music libray and pics. It's easy to play the music based on folders (not tags as far as I can tell) and use the tv as a digital picture frame at other times. This is great for a parent!!! Also, on the wall on a big screen it makes for some cool rotating pictures if you like landscapes and such like I do with computer backgrounds. With such a large screen, varying landscape and portrait pictures are easily viewed and not an issue like in small, digital frames.

WHY THIS TV IS IMPRESSIVE (what isn't advertised):

1) Unexpected excellent PACKAGING: It was well-protected with all applicable items in their own ziploc style bags which I will recycle to use with small items. The INSTRUCTION BOOK (if you need it - I never needed it) is in all color and large print. It even comes with its own little screwdriver that you can have immediately available to attach the base. The 40" already came with the post portion installed. I figure they do this for convenience. It can easily be removed if you are going to hang it. The 32" required 2 minutes to attach the same post. I ended up with a handy phillips head screwdriver as well as packaging that I can recycle for projects from large, sturdy cardboard backing to corner sponge foam that can be taken apart by the layers and used in various projects.

2) The tv CONFIGURATION MENU is VERY INTUITIVE. Again, I never even needed to use the instruction book.

3) The REMOTE CONTROL is has a lot going on, but that is to the user advantage (see the pic). It's very comfortable in hand and allows for quick viewing changes in aspect, picture quality, sound quality, and much more. It appears to have some sort of universal programming for a soundbar at bottom too; however, I do not have one so did not test this ease of use or take the time to read about it in the instruction book.

4) The tv can SWIVEL on the base about 20 degrees each direction. How easily it swivels simply depends on how tightly you install the screws on the base. This is a very easy adjustment. I did all of this intuitively. I didn't even know they could do that.

5) I didn't expect much of the USB interface. I was wrong! It can play mp3 files and show pictures whether individually or as a slideshow. The menu for navigating any of these is very USER FRIENDLY and easy for people of any age or lack of tech experience. I navigated a portable drive of music organized by folder like in windows and easily got to what I wanted. The onscreen interaction is also intuitive in use with the remote.

6) The SOUND is good for a modern, thin, flat panel LED TV. Ours are on table tops so the sound reflects well. I do not have to turn them up loud at all! It has easy-to-use sound adjustments as well as an equalizer whether for tv shows or for the type of music to which you are listening.

7) The PICTURE is very good with easy aspect ratio adjustments when needed as well as picture quality. HOWEVER, I would say they picture quality "presets" could be more different. I tried a Cielo tv that did this very well. I gave that up for the other features of this Sceptre. I note this picture aspect again later with more info. This should not be a detractor, however, from purchasing.

8) HOOKUP was easy. All 3 HDMI inputs are on the side as well as the one USB. The antenna feed and VGA are at bottom. I would recommend leaving a VGA cord attached if you intend to use that. Detaching and reattaching to the bottom can be difficult. The power cord was the average length if not slightly longer. It is a "utility" style cord - round with a 3-prong plug.

9) INPUT SOURCES are easily changed through Source on the remote or some remote shortcuts. Cielo has a slight one-up on this, but this is very good.

10) CHANNEL CHANGING RESPONSE TIME. I'm using over-the-air tv. Punching the channel number takes 5-6 seconds to respond if you don't hit the ENTER button which is far down the numbers section. It takes about 3 seconds after hitting enter immediately. RECALL to switch between previous channels takes 2-3 seconds. POWER ON takes about 9-10 seconds for the channel to show.

11) The BRUSHED METAL appearance of the bezel as well as the base (the base is strong plastic) are very nice. You only notice it up close. Unlike the picture advertising this, it does not appear silvery. It is black. The bezel is only about 1" around.

12) Power COST - 32" shows under $9 based on average cost and 5 hours use. 40" shows under $12 for the same.

13) The digital tuner picked up everything that my local channels have as opposed to the older tv on the same antenna (it is a good, indoor, flatwave antenna after MANY attempts to find one that worked well).

14) It has a SLEEP function with a simple one-button access.

15) It does have a small, ALWAYS-ON red light at the bottom. This turns blue when the tv is turned on.

If I want "smart tv" features other than 3D, I can get a Roku or similiar item that can be moved to any tv. I do most if not all of that stuff through a tablet or tv anyhow.

The only reason I gave it 4 vs. 5 stars is because I think the picture features can be adjusted better like the Cielo that I tried. If you manually adjust brightness and contrast, you have to go really high or low before you see a difference. As previously mentioned, the presets for this could be better. I only can say this after first settling on the Cielo until it has other problems arise with the screen, unfortunately (and it didn't have the USB functions). However, I don't have to do a lot of adjusting as the pic is good.

I liked this tv and the USB abilities so well that I bought another for a family member for Christmas. Users of this tv cover all age ranges and do not have to be tech savvy to take advantage of the features! It's a GREAT PRICE for a GREAT PRODUCT. I've never used Sceptre before. If these tv's last well in the long run, they have a repeat customer in me!
Walmart will also for the free, fast, ship-to-home part for such a product also. Standard shipping came quickly by Fedex and showed no signs of bad handling.GREAT TV!!!
I needed a TV for my bedroom and found this one very affordable with the features I needed. The TV has 3 HDMI and a true 40" screen at 1080 resolution. It is important to know that if you do not have an HD cable box connected by HDMI you will not see the true HD image the TV is capable of. On my cable box I had to adjust the settings to 1080. The TV will display a small onscreen display that will tell you the connection and resolution you are in when you power on the TV.

The TV is fairly light and looks great with the dark brushed metal bezel (frame). As others have mentioned, the sound is not very strong on the set but I find it is not hard to hear. For movies when you want a richer bass sound, I suggest a soundbar or simply hooking up a home stereo to the set as I have (picture). You can also use any amplified speaker set.

I purchased the extended warranty thru Walmart for 4 yrs. You may never need this but if or when you do it is well worth the cost. Dust, humidity and temperature all affect electronic components. So, even if the TV is not heavily used or just sits there is always a chance for failure.

I hope this helps. Enjoy your TV ;)Great Value For Bedroom TV
I was skeptical about the unknown brand but so far I am very happy with it.
Easy to set up. Great picture and great sound without surround sound.Very Happy
I was a little hesitant about buying this TV because my research indicated that it cost much less than most TVs of this size. I am glad to report that my reservations were not justified in the least because it works great! The picture quality is as good or better than any of the other LEDs I have ever owned. I definitely recommend this TV.I love this TV!
I've had the tv for 2 weeks now and it's excellent. The picture quality is awesome and the sound is great. The screen actually swivels and that's an awesome feature. I was a little nervous because I've never heard of the name brand and the price was so low but I took a chance with this product. I also made sure to purchase the 4 year warranty.excellent product!
Best value around, me and my wife wanted to get a Samsung or Panasonic TV, but prices where over our budget so I did a little research on Sceptre TV. Found some information that Hitachi from Japan might be making these neat TV's. Proformance is good for what we need. If you want loud buy a sound bar or system. Got my PS3 connected to our Sceptre tv and it looks awesome! Remote control it big with big buttons I hate little controls eazy to lose. Well there is my review. Hope you get a good deal before Sceptre gets popular and they up there prices."BEST DEAL AROUND"
For the price this is an excellent choice, I just purchased and it was easy to assemble and hooks up easily to any kind of satellite or cable system. Make sure you have or purchase an HDMI cord...other than that it is a great buy still excited about my purchase and the picture quality is great....luv it!!!Great buy with little mone
Fast shipping and no shipping fee was great.Purchased this Tv due to ratings.Easy assembly and hook up was a breeze. Picture is Awesome and while many seem to complain about audio this TV's audio is Great.Its loud and crisp and precise.It does have a slight buzz if turned up to loud.Have to set sound at low setting becuse of its output will blow your ears off ( so do not understand the negative remarks about its audio?# Has many options. USB port / TV Cable connection /VGA port for a PC #can use TV as a PC monitor / Audio in & out,Video,YPbPr#DVD players,Satellite,cable set top boxes that use component cables[green,blue,red,white,red AV] # connections / 4 HDMI ports / can also accept HDCP video device for video / SPDIF #surround sound receivers# / Headphone connection .ALL picture settings can be adjusted with ease,can also be adjusted for a PC monitor clarity. Sound can be adjusted to Surround,Analog,Digital,also has AVL a feature that adjusts volume from overly loud commercials. It has Equalizer settings you can adjust individually or as presets #user.off,rock ,pop,jazz# also Trusurround XT it enables SRS trusurround sound affects # if a channel or movie or programming has surround sound audio# also has Dialogue Clarity enhances human voice clarity on TV programs, and TruBass which enhances the Bass.Whether you have cable,antenna,Dish,or whatever this TV will allow TV Tuner channel search to gain access to those channels.It also is a HDTV for all those HD channels.#if you have HD service# It also has parental controls .install a password to not allow certian rated movies or shows to be seen without pass entered .Has closed captioning, with adjustable font size and in digital or analog type.No operations setting which allows the TV to be turned off automatically after 3 hours if no command has been given to the TV in that 3 hour span. The USB connection allows MP3 and picture display.A flashdrive can be used [up to 2GB] slideshow of pics effect. Music play mode,repeat and auto play which will play all music on flasdrive.The USB does not support USB hubs.USB flash drives supports FAT32 and FAT16 file system only.Biggest file size is 4 GB [FAT32] Picture functions only supports JPEG file baseline only[ progressive is not supported] All USB functions are operated by the TV Remote.The TV Screen Ratio can be set to Normal,Wide screen,Cinema,Zoom,Dot by Dot[PC settings] and Full 100%[this mode only available under antenna or cable while being fed a 1080i signal,it will show 100% of the screen without cropping#] Also has Favorite channel set up to just watch your favorites with one click operation. Can also hook up all game systems,Wii,PS3,PS2,Xbox and uses RED,YELLOW,WHITE AV cables for ease of play . Also has controls on side of TV such as on/off ,Volume up/down, channel up/down,Menu,source.Power, if you do not use the included Remote controller . The Hand held remote controller will allow you to set it to your cable or satellite provider.You will need to contact tech support for them to access the correct code for teh remote # I have a cable box and use its remote and I have the access codes that came with that unit and this TV 's code was in it and my cable remote works perfectly with this TV )Remote has Power button,FREEZE [ freezes the TV picture] SLEEP [sets sleep timer] MTS [ selects stereo,momo,or second audio programming] FAVORITE [favorite channel setting] ADD/DEL [ add /delete channels] 0-9 [sets channels] DASH#-# inserts dash for selecting digital channels] CH#+)CH(-)VOL(+)VOL(-) MUTE [mutes audio] SOUND [selects various presets] ASPECT [ selects different viewing modes of the TV] GUIDE [opens correct digital channels] ^<> all arrow buttons for selections . SOURCE [gives you list of port connections to switch to] MENU [opens/exits the TV Menu ] EXIT [exits TV Menu] TV [ changes source to TV tuner] USB [ launches USB reader function for pics and music] INFO [ shows TV info]
Sceptre is a City of Industry, California based company.I have never heard of this brand, but now after seeing it in action, I will remember to check all products from this company in the future
So far this TV is Great and with its low cost and Great workmanship it can not be beat in my book by any great name brand that costs hundreds more. A Great buy from Wal-Mart and did i mention Free shipping to my Home ? That made my choice alot easier.Thanks to those who reviewed this product and took the time to tell us about it.That and the price and free shipping helped me make up my mind to purchase this Great Sceptre product . And I am so Glad I did .Sceptre TV Review
Although it was packaged lightly, with only Styrofoam around the corners, there weren't any imperfections on the housing, stand, or bezle when I unboxed the unit. I found no dead or bright pixels when I turned it on and flipped through various colored/levels of brightness images. I was very pleased with the picture quality and was surprised at the wide range of angles I could watch from before running into viewing issues, which can be an issue in some televisions and computer monitors. My only real complaint the sound: I really wasn't expecting much from a television's built-in speakers, but even setting the bar low I was disappointed. If you want to enjoy the big booms in action movies, or listen to music or videos on your new TV, you're going to want to pick up some speakers to go with it.Looks great, sounds horrible.
Thought I'd take a chance and buy this no name TV since the price was right, and we haven't been dissapointed. All my fireinds who've seen it are amazed cuz the picture is clearer and more vivid than their TVs which they paid a lot more for. And with the money I saved I bought the 3 year warranty- just in case - and I still saved a couple of hundred dollars over the other big name brands. We highly recommed this one!Surprisingly good picture & sound/A Real Bargain!
Best price I have found on a 40" LCD tv, and unlike others in the same price range, they have a decent website, and support site.. I was familiar with Sceptre due to their LCD computer monitors, which I have had excellent success with..

After reading previous reviews I was concerned that it would quit working shortly after I turned it on, but it has been working fine for the last 2 weeks.. Packing is pretty minimal, so if you receive the product with external damage, I would open it at the store and verify that it is functional..

Now to the product review:
It is cosmetically clean and well designed.
Assembly is easy and very intuitive.
Good documentation.
Comes with AC cable only..
PC input DOES support 1920x1080 (some cheap 1080p TV's do not!)
Remote has limited functionality (would have been nice to have last input recall)
Picture is solid with "over the air" and satellite receiver and HD is very good, although the backlight (w/ brightness @ 35%) is very bright in a very dark room..
Audio is thin sounding, so would recommend external sound system..
So far, it seems to be a definite bargain, and as nice as any <$600 LCD TV I've seen..
Took 7 days for "Ship to Store" delivery..Two weeks in..
I was tempted but concerned by this incredible deal because I'd never heard of this brand. So I read reviews on similar models (this one was new and had not reviews). The reviews were positive, overall, so I snapped this up and got the extended warranty. I'm so glad I took a chance. Sound is excellent; on-screen tools help you adjust to various pre-settings or make your own profile. Sound is fantastic too. I cannot think of anything to put in as a con. (If I encounter any problems, I'll update my review.)great tv, excellent deal
I strongly recommend this product for anybody on low budget and wants incredible value for their money. Too good for the cost and it is a great quality product.Great for the price. Met all my expectations.
I just got this TV like 2 days ago(4-27-11). Got it online, and shipped to site for free pickup. Its cheap, its good and i love it. People might get worried about the name brand but I love this TV. The picture is nicer then my Vizio at home. Its a good TV for under 400 bucks. I totally recommended this tv for ppl who just want to enjoy watching TV with HD =). The only part that make me kinda frustrated is that it took longer then expected. they say it take up to a week but it took almost 2 weeks to get to the site. But overall, I love it! 5 star!Sceptre HDTV=AWESOME
I purchased the Sceptre 40" Class LCD X402BV -FHD from Walmart 3 weeks ago for under $401.00. TV arrived within 10 days. I reveiw many TV's (all brands and sizes) online weekly, just to keep up with modern technoloy and to learn all about the features that are available. I researched Sceptre. Great company and quality products with a very promising future. The picture quality, sound and available features rate in value and quality with TV's priced at least $200 more. All TV's sell and advertise features, size, hertz, class (LED, plasma, etc.). This TV performs exceptionally well for the purpose that it was manufactured for. I purchased what I expected and got much more. With the factory warranty (1year) and 3 years from Walmart, I would suggest to anyone looking for a great deal...Jump on this one. Because just like the gas prices it won't last long. I haven't found anything wrong with this TV, and believe me I have put it through every test possible in 3 weeks. The remote is very good, easy to use to personalize your setting. An Awesome Product.'Best Deal Of 2011'
This is a great flat screen! I researched and researched different flat screens online and the reviews on this one were awesome!!!! Thanks to those who took the time to give reviews, it made my decision much easier. The only down side is that you have to purchase HD Cables....Excellent Purchase
Bought this tv at good price. The picture is great, but the sound quality is very poor. I figured it can't be all great for that amount of money. I purchased a Vizio sound bar to go with the tv. Wow that turned it into a sound surround theater... Very pleased with purchase !!!Great Television for the money !!!
I bought this set 3 days ago. I was concerned that a brand I didn't know might have some problems, but this set is as good as the more expensive ones. It has both analog and digital tuners built in, and as a result all of the non-HD channels look just fine. And of course the HD channels look great. I'm hooked up to cable without any receiver box, and may not need one. I heartily recommend this set.Excellent value HDTV
I can't say enough about how beautiful the picture quality is. Colors are vibrant, contrast is great, and the screen is a full 1080p HD. Even at non-native resolutions the picture quality is still good, with few jagged edges and no tearing. The response time is very good.

Sound is a different matter. Very few flat panel TVs have great sound built in, and this one is no different. The built in speakers are adequate. The unit does support several methods of input/output for both sound and video, though, so even if you only have an old stereo amp you can get good sound from it. I'm using the digital coax audio out to an older, Sony 5.1 audio amp and it sounds great.

My only other nit pick is the way various video inputs are selected. With three HDMI inputs, a USB, a PC, and component video to choose from, selecting the one you need is a two step process of pressing "Source" on the remote and scrolling to the one you need. I use a programable custom remote and would prefer direct selection of inputs or even "next" and "prev" functions for ease of programing. Most people won't have this problem, my setup is kind of unusual.

The unit arrived in good condition and was well packaged to prevent damage. Only minor assembly was required to mount the base and all tools and instructions were provided. At 20 pounds, it was easily handled and easy to set up. The unit looks good, even when off, thanks to it's thin bezel design.

All in all, I am very pleased with this purchase.Beautiful picture
Overall, it's a nice TV. I use it with my PC via the HDMI port. I run it at 1920x1080@60Hz, with 4:2:2 pixel format. Overall, it looks and performs great. No dead pixels. Strong and sturdy stand with only 4 screws [and it came with a decent philips screwdriver]. Very nice whites and blacks after tweaking the color and contrast/brightness. However, text isn't displayed as good as other LCD/LED TVs of this size on the market, but this one is a lot cheaper than those TVs. I traded a 42in HiSense LED TV [in related products] for this one and saved 100$ in the process while adding a 3-year service plan to this TV [which I highly recommend]. The sharpness is where this TV lacks. Text that takes only a few pixels to display gets blended with its surroundings [especially when its black text and a bright color background], but it's hard to notice. Games, videos, pictures all look fantastic for the price. The menu is nothing to brag about, but it does have all the basic settings. The speakers are pretty pitiful, but that is what I expected for two 10-watt speakers. Remote is quite nice for the price [soft buttons, good connections and layout, came with batteries], and the TV was packaged very well [thanks, Sceptre!]Good for the price
I didn't read a review about this tv until after I had already ordered it. the only reason I am taking the time to review this now is because after reading some of the reviews. I got scared I had made a bad purchase. Well let me tell you. I ordered it online, had it shipped to store for pick up. The item was ready for pickup two days before originally planned. When to the store and picked it up I was back home and setting it up with in 30 minutes. I live 5 minutes away from the store. I love the fact it has all the connections types I need. I also like the picture and sound better then a few on my friends new tv's who actually spent a good deal more then I.Good tv glad to have it.
I bought this TV because it is a great price for the features offered. The picture is great, the sound quality is decent, and it has TONS of inputs including 4 HDMI, and a VGA for hooking up computers to use the TV as a gigantic monitor (though if your PC's video card supports HDMI, use that.

Overall I am very impressed with the amount of TV for the price.

Note: DO NOT UPGRADE THE TV FIRMWARE. I had an incident where Sceptre's download site listed a firmware update for X402BV-FHD, I applied it and the TV came back on with a corrupted pcture. When I got in touch with Sceptre support, they said that there are more than one TV model that use this model name and they use different firmware. They emailed me the correct firmware for my TV and I flashed it in and the TV works fine again. I just believe this is misleading on their part. Overall, this is the only real negative experience I have had. For a while I thought I might have ruined my new TV using a firmware update they labelled incorrectly. DO NOT UPDATE THE FIRMWARE! :)Great TV, just don't update the firmware!
With all of the good reviews, I was all for taking a chance on this TV. Yes, I read the reviews that said it had stopped working after a few months or even after a few days, but I decided to go for it, knowing that even the best name brand devices can have a few duds.

Got the TV site-to-store and it arrived in good shape. Hooked it up and the picture was great (5 for picture quality.) Sound was not very good- the speakers sounded like they were already blown (2 for sound.) We watched about half of Rango, then turned it off for dinner. IT NEVER TURNED BACK ON. The light on the front would turn from red to blue and the screen would power up (get slightly brighter,) but it would never display a picture or even the SCEPTRE splash screen. I could even hear the TV through the speakers, but no picture. To fix, I tried;

-Rebooting TV
-Upgrading Firmware
-Leaving unplugged for an hour
-Calling SCEPTRE (which they practically beg you to do in their documents, as opposed to returning it to the store.) All I got was VM, and I tried about 10 times.

I got fed up and returned it to WalMart. Ridiculous.

Value=1 because it didn't work, thereby making it a complete waste of $370.00
Meets Expectations=1 because I expected it to work. Oops.
Picture Quality=2 because it was great when it was working.
Sound Quality= 2 because it was loud enough, but very poor quality.
Features=5 basically because of the 4 HDMI ports...kinda hard to come by elsewhere.

Moral of the story? It COULD happen to you. Beware of this TV.Good Luck
I have this TV. The screen went completely blank before the 1 year warranty expired & they did fix it (after we paid $145 to have it shipped to them in CA). Got it back & 4 months later one half the screen is yellow & the other half is normal. Never again!Do Not Buy!
I was skeptical about getting an "off" brand, but this TV is really great.

At first the sound was a little low, but if you go in there and adjust it to your liking then it is fine. We don't really use the remote that came with the TV as we use the remote from our cable company and adjust the volume that way. With our old TV, my husband had it set on 50 and would use the remote from our cable company and put that as high as it would go. Now he has the TV set on a 10 and doesn't have to use the other remote to put the volume up as high.

I love the USB port. If you have a flash drive with music or movies saved on it, you can hook it right up in back of the TV and watch movies/listen to music (I think that is my favorite part of the TV).

The picture on it is awesome. It is so crisp and clear. I have no complaints about this television. You won't go wrong with the quality and the price.Great TV for the Price
I bought this television last December and it has a great picture and color looks great and the sound works great to. They stand behind there warranty because our mother board went out on it and they had a repair man come out to our house and replaced it within a week and we didn't have to pay for the parts or the service call. We would buy another Sceptre in the future.Great Television!!!
I read many reviews before purchasing this product. Many of the negative reviews relate to sound quality. You will not have that problem with this television. My family loves both the picture and the sound. At such a great price, we were surprised to find such quality.Excellent Sound and Picture Quality
TV looks great, Setup easy, BUT after 4 hours of use there was a loud POP and now the TV has no sound . Wal-Mart said to bring back and they would give us a refund.Bought for my Son Birthday
Bought this TV for less than $400 and did not know what to expect given that I have never heard of the brand. Decided to take some chances. I have had this product mounted on the wall and viewing for about 2 weeks now. It is not my primary TV but it certainly is a great TV. The picture quality is superb (Watched the Transformers - Dark of the Moon in bluray), the sound is amazing for the room size and it is got 4 HDMI ports and many more others. Though the room is well lid during the day, the picture clarity remains great. I do not have any cons! I hope it lasts. I will definitely recommend this TV.Great Product for Price
Didnt know to much about Sceptre but took a chance at it
, picture qualiy is great,set up took mins and sound is great!!(6/15/2011) listen a few more yrs Sceptre will be up there with Samsung ,sony & Panasonic in elite brand TV's trust me!!!Brooklyn we in here!!!
We purchased this TV online on 5/28/11 and picked it up from Site to Store on Sunday 6/5/11. We are OVERLY impressed with the tv so far (we've only had it for a day :-)). The picture is GREAT, even without our HD box hooked up yet, and the sound is great. We currently have a BluRay DVD player hooked up and the movie was great!
The tv is fairly light considering its size, thin, and overall a great deal.
I was a little worried because there were scattered bad reviews (mostly about the shipping time and the condition of the product once it arrived) but we bought it anyway.

VERY IMPRESSED SO FAR.GREAT TV FOR THE PRICE
All around well worth the price, I've never seen a 40" for under $400 until this tv so I had to jump at the opportunity. It has a nice vivid picture, plenty of connections and it's not overly complicated in any way. The only downside to it is the sound quality is a bit off, it sounds a bit robotic at times, but honestly, if you're that particular about how a TV sounds, then odds are you already have a surround sound system so it really doesn't make much difference. But all in all definitely worth it if you're looking for an inexpensive solid performing TV.A solid buy
Delivery was fast, price on sale excellent ($300). Sounded a bit tinny at first but much better after making some adjustmentsGreat TV for the $
Before I purchased this tv I read the reviews. I became skeptical about purchasing. However; I am soooo glad I decided to buy this tv. It was delivered to my home four days earlier than expected. Well packaged and free from shipping damage. Installation was a breeze. I love the swivel base and wall mountable option. This tv is worth the money and I believe a good investment. The sound quality and picture is wonderful. My child has enjoyed her gaming systems on this tv. While I was not familiar with the brand name, I am pleased that I took the chance.Pleased
Exceeded my expectations for the price. I was anticipation a less than average quality TV, but was I surprised at the overall quality of this product.A great TV
The good:
-The overall picture quality is amazing. when I plugged in my laptop via the VGA port (1080 x 1920 resolution), I was very surprised with how accurately the colors were reproduced and the crispness of the picture (parents expensive samsung tv does not do this). The same goes for the channels via antenna and ps3. I would say if you are looking for a better picture you need to look towards LED tvs.

-The actual TV looks good. I'd say it looks the same if not better than some of the name-brand tvs.

The bad, that probably explain the low price point.
-The tuner doesn't have a signal strength indicator, which makes adjusting the antenna very difficult. HOWEVER, it has a FUNCTIONAL TV guide for over the air channel (I did not even know tv guide was transmitted over the air).
-The default video setting are not good. There are some auto denoise setting, auto audio equalizer, and others that I can't remember that were enabled by default. Disabling them surprisingly makes things much better and removes some of the artifact the "auto"function of the TV was adding.
-while the TV looks good, the scepter logo on the screen (when the TV starts) does not. Its in a weird red font from the 90's.
-the remote is ok, but name brands TVs generally have better looking remotes. The remote that comes with it is overall black, it has the company name in the same red font that is on the screen when the tv start, has some blue and some gray buttons, and a gray rubber bumper around the edges.

-My take on the reviewers who got dud TVs: Given the low price, quality control was probably sacrificed, so we are the quality control. If you get one that works, great, if not, walmart has an easy exchange process. A more concerning aspect of TV is how long they last. From the reviews it seems if it makes it about a month or two, then you are in the clear (which coincides with walmart's return policy). Beyond that even Sony's and Samsung's may fail after a few years.

-Not sure what all the reviews regarding sound are about, sound seems fine to me. Perhaps its a setting I disabled or one they enabled? If anyone is curious, it is not surround sound, nor is going to shake the walls of the house. No tv will give you that, but a 200$ sound system would. Some of the autovolume issues in the reviews are indeed a sound setting that you can disable.

Still, the 320ish price point is amazing for a 40 inch tv 1080p a comparable vizio would be close to 500 and tier 1 company's would be over 500. Had this TV been 200 more I may have given it 4 stars for some of the minor design flaws, but this TV gets the important things right: picture, cost, and aesthetics.Amazing tv with minor quirks
It worked great for four hours then the either the bulb or the fuse went out, no picture just audio. Going back today, what a hassle.Worked great for four hours
I love my new TV!! I recimmend sceptre..thin light TV looks amazing esp on a wall mount..(picture of my TV before mounted on my wallsceptre good brand of tv
Worked well, then days after the 2 years a bright yellow color appeared across the bottom of the screen. Never owned a color tv that only lasted 2 years.Lasted 2 years for $339 plus tax.
Bought this tv for my mother. The setup was very easy and took only a few minutes. The picture was very good. With only a tv antena we were able to pick up 40 plus channels. The only downside is the remote control. We were unable to get the number keys to work (unknown if bad remote). Also the changing of channels is very slow. But for the price we are happy with the purchase.40 inch sceptre
After 2 weeks using it; I must say im very happy with this cheap, big and good Tv. Im using as a PC monitor and It gets full 1098 x 1080 resolution. I recommend itVery Happy
It got to my house 1 week before it was supposed to
works great
Worth my money
My 1st Flatscreen tv everGot shipped straight to my house
Seems like with these off brands, it is the luck of the draw on whether or not you get one of the good items that makes it through the limited quality control system that is in place at these low-end companies. In the past, I have been pretty lucky and got some great deals. My luck ran out with this purchase, which is too bad because for the short time this thing worked, I really liked it.
Shipping was fast. Setup was a breeze. Digital channels looked really good, and HD channels looked nothing short of spectacular. Had an upconverting DVD player connected via HDMI, and Star Wars never looked so good. Tons of connections and ports. Good stuff!
After about 2 hours of use, however, the sound started going crazy. It would go way up, and then slowly decrease until not a peep could be heard from the speakers. Prior to the meltdown, the on-board speakers actually sounded OK. I had the TV hooked into surround sound, so that sounded really good, but just the normal TV sound was OK until it disappeared.
Returned unit to store and will figure out what I will do next.....Might spend some extra $ on a Vizio or Samsung.Rolled the dice, and lost!
Bought this on Black Friday and it claimed it was going to take over a week to get to the store and it came just a few days after I placed the order. I have yet to hook it up to an HD box yet so I have not done too much TV watching. The first thing I did do was hook up my XBOX360 and throw in Battlefield 4 and let me tell you, this TV looks amazing. I had no dead pixels or any problems along those lines and the picture quality for the xbox was unreal. I had mine hooked up via a PC cable because I used to play on a PC monitor but I'm sure the results with an HDMI cable will be just as good. I did research before I bought it because many HDTV's have high response times which can make gameplay feel funny, not the case here. It has a MS response time of 8 which is rated excellent. Anything you do with the controller instantly responds on the TV. I highly reccomend this TV for the money and for $28 you can get a 3 year warranty through Walmart, no worries, pain free.Can't beat the money. Beast for console gaming.
This television has a perfect balance of dimensions in inches and price.

I paid $310 for a 40 inch screen. You will see plenty of larger hdtvs but a price that is not fair. What I am trying to to say is that if you pay double ($620) you will not get double the tv (80inches).

On the other hand, you will pay double and get a tv in the low 50's (inches).

Now that I got that off my chest; yes this hdtv is considered cheap, but it does a great job. You have to mess around with the settings for picture and sound but you cannot beat this price.

If you are upgrading to this tv from an hdtv in the 20's(inches) prepare to be AMAZED.

If this is your first HDTV your heart will drop when you see the immense size of the packaging box alone.

The blurays in 1080p are amazing. The videogames are too.The price is right.
I knew the Scepter as an outstanding computer monitor manufacturer, so when i saw a TV made by them, I knew it would have an oustanding resolution rate for when I wanted to stream VGA/DVI signals to it, and I was right. The screen is pretty good for the price, and the HD is pretty crisp as well. Granted the screen isn't as nice as a full blown Samsung or Sony, but at 1/3 to 1/4 the price who cares.

This is an outstanding 40" TV for a bedroom, or even a smaller living room.Excellent TV for the price
Bottom line is if you are looking for a top quality, sharp and super crystal clear picture on your television, go with a brand name and size down. The only setting in which the picture looks the clearest is normal, leaving a 6 inch black border on the sides, and a 4 inch border on the top and bottom, making this 40 inch screen actually much smaller. If you are not planning on using an HDMI cable, the picture is blurry at best. With an HDMI cable, the picture is clear, but the colors are washed out. Compared to my 47 inch Vizio, which I have had for 4 years, this tv is subpar. Now I understand the difference between a brand name versus an off brand. I am returning this to Walmart tomorrow, and plan to purchase a 32 inch Vizio in it's place. Happy hunting! :-DMeh... You Get What You Pay For...
We had this TV for 2 years. It worked GREAT but then...the power board went out within 2 years. The company (Sceptre) said it would cost more to fix then to just buy another one. Bummer! I would expect a TV to last more than 2 years so I had to give it a poor rating. Or I should have bought an extended warranty, I suppose.last 2 years
This TV had majority good reviews but I was afraid to buy it because when there were bad ones they were bad. Let me just say I'm so glad I didn't listen! I was skeptical the whole way opening it and putting it together but when I got it all set up and turned it on I was blown away. I had it shipped from site to store which was wonderful! I ordered it on Sunday and was told it would be ready by Thursday but was able to pick it up on Wednesday! I had a 32" before this, Samsung and I'd say this TV is just as good if not better. Clear picture and a giant screen. The speakers are complete garbage though but there's a headphone jack in the back and I just attached some computer speakers instead. I will also say the stand rotates which is good and bad. Good for viewing purposes but bad if its knocked at all. Theres also no buttons on the actual TV so if you lose the remote your screwed.
Overall very excellent TV! Other 40"-ers are at least $500. I would also reccomend the warranty its pretty cheap and covers just about everything. You never know with cheapo TVs.awesome for the money!
This t.v. took a killing in less then a week of installing it! the channels now all of a sudden look like it is getting blended by a blender or has two pictures in one! I'm returning it today. Getting my money back!terrible!
I saw some bad reviews of this tv, but was hoping that they only applied to a handful of these tvs. Unfortunately, I got a bad one. The sound was awful, especially when turned past an "8" setting (which is one of the lowest volume settings), and despite adjusting the picture for several minutes, the picture never got significantly better (it was grainy and writing on the screen was blurry). As far as appearance of the tv, the border around the screen was definitely chunky and the tv took up a lot more space than it needed to. Overall, this purchase was a major disappointment. I returned it to walmart and purchased a 40" Dynex tv (have had a 32" Dynex for a few years, and have loved it) from Best Buy for the same price. So glad I did that, because the Dynex has great picture, even without an hdmi cable, it takes up less space and it proves that non name-brand tvs can have great picture quality and features.should have listened to the bad reviews
A friend told us about the TV and we decided to get it as a second TV. It was on special and very resonably priced, it replaced a 32" tube TV. Our primary TV is a LG 47"HD LCD so we can compare it to that one. The picture is crisp and clear no bad pixles, the picture rivals the LG, however like they say in the other reviews the speakers are rattley they distort with any low tones. That was solved by getting a set of $19 Altec Lansing computer speakers with a separate subwoofer (Model#: BX1221) now it has decent sound to match the picture. The speakers are sheilded so there is no problem with the magnets and the monitor. So far it has been problem free and we are very happy with the purchase.Very good TV for the price.
It is the cheapest LCD tv of 40 inches or more, and it has plenty of connection ports of all kinds. The picture has been fine, with exception of a couple of "streaks" when the screen is completely black, but that hasn't bled into viewing yet. The sound buzzes like crazy when connected to a DVD player by standard cables. However, I bought a blu-ray player and gold HDMI cable and I haven't heard that noise yet, but it has only been a day with the new connection.

Right now I am keeping the tv based on the hope that the buzzing is resolved and the picture stays clear, but I have to say I am worried the problems will get worse over time. If you have the money and want peace of mind I would recommend a more trusted brand. But if you want cheap and good enough, this is working out for me so far.Ok, but has issues
Great TV for the $$. Sound is normal for a TV in this category. Set up was very easy, self tuned to find both analog & HD channels. Controls are easy. Happy with purchase & Walmart ships quickly (ordered over the weekend & it was delivered Wednesday morning)SCEPTRE X405BV-FHDR 40" LED Class 1080P
Well I just sent back my second TV yesterday, first one was damaged and the second one
had an terrible picture on it. I tried for hours to get a good setting on it and could not get
a picture good enough to keep this economy TV! I know it has a lot of good reviews on it
but I guess it's just the luck of the draw on this one. I'm going back to Sony I learned
my lesson, you really do get what you pay for. I gave it two stars cause it does have a lot of connections on it and the sound isn't that bad either!Be carefull !!
BURNED OUT TWICE. DO NOT PURCHASE THIS TV EVEN IF YOU SEE GOOD REVIEWS. PIECE OF TRASHSHORT TERM TV - NOT WORTH IT
I was very pleased with the overall quality of the Sceptre 40 inch HDTV. The default colors are very natural and the saturation is excellent. Very good product for any price. EXCELLENT product at the advertised price. A friend has ordered one too.High quality picture
I just bought my Sceptre 40" TV about a month ago, on sale for $398.00. So far, I love everything about it.
The screen is very clear and the color is rich and bright. I originally wanted to buy the new LED TV, but I am not disappointed in this one, or sorry that I didn't buy the LED featured TV that costs way more than I paid for this TV.
I have to say, this is a sturdy and a solid TV and very simple to put together and install..with a pretty picture and you won't go wrong if you decide to buy it. I am an older woman and I took it out of the box, assembled it and installed it all by myself. It is a bit heavy too. ;) My husband was shocked and happy when he came home and it was ready to watch.Great TV
I could not be more pleased. Easy to set up...I did it myself. I read reviews before I made the purchase and read poor ratings regarding sound quality....certainly seems fine to me. I have not connected my laptop or other things to it but so far for a television I am beyond pleased!!!! I will update if it does not maintain the quality it has now.Great for the money!
Great Tv for the price. Your obviously not going to be getting High top quality, but this Tv is DEFINITELY worth the price you pay. Also, get the 3 year protective service plan that way even if the TV goes out a couple of years from now you will have it covered for only an extra 45$.TV for Cheap
We were finally ready to move to a new HDTV (been living with an old 29 inch CRT for years!). After reading all of the reviews and doing some research online, we decided, for the money, this Sceptre 40 inch would be what we would go for. I must say, we are more than thrilled with our new purchase. Are there better TV's out there, sure....is this TV the best you will buy, no. But for those of us on a budget that would like a great looking and sounding HDTV, this is definitely the way to go. I've read a few reviews that complain about certain things and just like all things in life, if you go with the "out of box" settings, you may be a little disappointed. But, if you take your time and actually "set up" the TV for your specifications, I don't know how someone could not LOVE this TV. I figured I'd post the settings that seem to be what works best for me and hopefully, this is a good "starting point" for anyone out there and you can always fine tune to your liking. Anyway, here is what I've found looks and sounds best for us:

PICTURE:
Brightness - 60
Contrast - 40
Color - 90
Tint - 0
Sharpness - 100
Color Temp - Normal

SOUND:
Bass - 100
Treble - 100
Balance - 0

AVL - OFF - I believe this is where people may be experiencing "jumping" volume levels.

EQ settings that seem to work best for us at this time
100 - +5
250 - 0
500 - +8
1k - +8
2k - +10
4k - +5
10k - +12

Trubass on High

Again, you can do some tweaking on your own, but I think any of the less than positive reviews may be folks not taking the time to actually "set up" their TV (or maybe they got "duds")?. Also, you must watch HD programming on this TV. A "normal" DVD or regular cable channels will not look half as good as anything that is HD, but that's the norm when buying an HD TV in the first place. Anyway, I hope this helps anyone that may be thinking of buying this product. Although it's only been a few days, we couldn't be happier with our purchase at this time. And since it is an "off brand" we decided to get the extra 3 year service contract....for an extra like $60, it's a no-brainer. I know there are TV's with way more features and I'm sure pictures that are more perfect, but for us who just like to watch TV with nice picture and sound and maybe throw a movie in now and then....this will (hopefully) suit our needs for many years to come!Couldn't be happier with purchase!!!!
What a great TV, What a great price. After a lot of research, I can easily say that this is definitely the best bang for your buck. Coiuldn;t be happier with the picture quality. At first, I found the sound was a little tinny, but now it seems OK. I totally recommend this TV.
Just disappointed with the time it took for delivery. The last 3 days of its travel was from the distibution center to the store, which is only about 25 miles distance. I should have been able to go pick it up myself at the distribution center.Great Buy
We bought this TV because it seemed like a great deal. We were a little worried because the brand was one that we weren't familiar with, but decided to give it a try based on the number of positive reviews. The TV was delivered yesterday. We set it up and were immediately very disappointed with the picture quality. The picture is not clear and sharp and is not anything like we would have expected from an LED tv. After about 2 hours of having it on, we heard a pop and the sound went out completely. I read that the same thing happened to another reviewer. There is no sound on any channel at all now. I contacted Sceptre, and they told me if I filled out a form online, they could get back with me in 2 to 3 business days to troubleshoot the problem and schedule a repair if needed. We are going to be taking this TV back to the store and spending a little more to get a better brand.Invest in a better brand!
I got this TV by looking at other reviews on it and just really have enjoyed it. It's not amazing in any way, shape or form but it's got a crisp, clear picture from all viewing angles and for the price it can't be beat.Good Quality for the Price TV
my son has this for gaming in his bedroom. The picture quality is better than our Samsung HD TV! Easy set up, great features, fantastic picture and sound. All in all, this TV is well in excess of the price you pay - don't hesitate!A GREAT buy
I was going to buy a V.... at Costco but the staff was not available to answer my questions. I looked up the model and noted the technical specs, then went looking for competitive manufacturers of similar TVs, and read many reviews. I ran across this Secpter TV and decided to give it a try, since my Westinghouse 40" TV only lasted 3 months, NEVER AGAIN.
The picture is nice with huge ability to adjust everything about what you see on the screen, the audio, the programing, and most of all the ability to watch High Def. television on AIR, yes I cut the cable bill 3 years ago and soooo glad I got rid of that over=priced anchor. Do yourself and go buy a Digital TV antenna and try it out, trust me you will be surprised that it looks no different than the 100.00 ++ you are paying every month for cable or dish, and you don't need any contract.
OK back to the TV. It was packed better than any I have ever purchased, and I have purchased 6 in the last 3 years, 5 still working. Set up was about 20 minutes. I already had external powered speakers because all TVs lack decent volume and audio calirity, but I have to say this Septre is the best of all 6 I have owned, and massive audio shaping abilities. I don't use Home theater surround sound equipment, just two wall mounted speakers with a tiny 20 watt amp, plenty good.
I bought the 3 year extended warranty, OH be sure to keep the box for shipping in case you ever need to do a repair or ???. So for $249 this TV can't be beat, heck for the price of the comparables, this TV is a buy at $369.00 I like it and they have really good reviews for the most part, any TV can have a few lumps in the mix of everything.
If this review is helpful please check the appropriate box, I don't get any credit either way, just a customer like you. And please try free over the air tv it's well worth a cheap digital tv antenna from $20.00 to $75.00. I use a Wineguard Omni-directional , no need for a rotator. I get 45 channels and some are 100+ miles away. There you have it. Happy shopping and TV watching.As good as big name brands and the same specs.
Not a bad price, a good value for a big tv, the sound quality is very poor if non existent. If you have your own sound system it would be an exceptional value.A great price sound is limited
Was thrilled with the technical specs vs price and couldn't wait to get it. Worked great when connected to HDMI, but when connected to coax for satellite the picture and sound constantly popped and jumped. This problem existed when connected to three other inputs in other rooms that were connected to HDTVs. Tried unsuccssfully to contac their tech support via email and phone. Did received call back days later when at work. Tech was hard to understand and suggested accessing the factory menu on the unit by entering "code" and adjusting a value. Suggestion did not work. Thought maybe this unit just had a bad component and returned it to Wal-Mart who gladly accepted the return.

Bought another unit and experienced the same problem, although the picture popping and jumping was not quite as constant as first unit. Again, connected to DVD or satellite via HDMI cable, unit worked fine. Sadly returned the second unit and gave up.Disappointed
Item stopped working in less than 2 week. Came home from work, turned on the tv and no picture. Honestly if it had worked I would have given it straight fives. I had to return the item to the store and to get another tv of similar size and specs I would have had to pay a couple extra hundred at the store, ended up settling for a smaller tv with similar specs, and still ended up paying an extra $100. Great item if it worked.It stopped working
I picked this up, on sale for $401 out the door. Amazing tv for 400 dollars. Was expecting a lot worse. I will say I wish it had another RCA input. I had to find my rca switch to get everything to work correctly. Also, make sure you have external sound like surround sound with a receiver. Bass and treble are words unknown to sceptre. Great tv overall.worth it
Size is great for the price. Sound seems a little iffy at times (goes in and out a bit) If it continues - will probably exchange.great bargin tw
I knew this brand was good in monitors but not on tv's so I was a little unsure about buying it, but it was a great decision and I hightly recommend it. Not only is it a great television, but it is really easy to set up, has great instructions, and is cheap. Why pay more?Good Price, Great TV
Bought this TV and it worked great for 6 months. Now the picture and color are shot and you can't even watch it because its all washed out. Out of warranty, out of luck and out $300.Picture will die on you - DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!
Iread the reviews before purchasing, and was a little leary, so I purchased the 2 year extended warrantee. I am completely happy with my purchase. I am a musician, and was worried about the sound quality after reading the reviews. I was pleasantly surprised with the sound. I turned the tv volume up, and then adjusted with the cable volume, and it sounded great! Picture is crystal clear, and the features are user friendly and easily accessable. For the price, the best deal around....i may purchase a second!Fantastic purchase!
Picture and sound are great - the settings are easy to understand. got the warranty which is a good idea. read all the reviews and the ones that said the sound went up and down well its just the other speaker kicking in as it is stereo and can be surround sound if you buy the speaker system. you have to buy a spdif coaxial wire connecter to hook to the surround sound speakers that you can add. i love this tv and still cant believe i own it as i replaced a big black tube tv. the color which you can set and always go back to default settings. you can keep the volume on 10 or 12 and it doesn't sound tinny and is plenty loud enough! got a roku and have a good antenna and get about 15 channels which aint too bad. and with hulu plus you can see most of the programs- and i got rabbit tv on my computer so i can see the things that come on abc and just hook my computer up to the tv. If you want quality hdmi cables for your tv for cheap go to monoprice.com in all different colors including purple! Walmart sent the tv in 2 days!! by Fedx. so far so good!!!!great buy
1st off let me say if u dont have a HD source, a flat panel tv is prolly not for u . HD tvs have video many times better then standard old tube tv's and u will see interference and deficiencies you did not know u had . Now i have been looking at tv's for 8 weeks comparing prices and specs and kept coming back to this tv. And figured worse case scenerio bring it back to local walmart. Picture Quality: I gave a 4/5 because i think only plasmas and back lit leds deserve 5/5. Picture specs are awesome: 450 cd/m2 or "Candela per
square meter" This indicates how well you can view the TV in brighter
lighting conditions and makes ur whites WHITE. Anything under 400 i find makes whites look more yellow, like looking at ur tv with sunglasses on . Next 90,000 to 1 contrast ratio : This spec is hard to really evaluate. There is no set way to compare this stat vs another company . what is 150,000 / 1 to samsung might be 100,000 / 1 by sony and so on . I can say the colors are vivid and bold u will not be disappointed. Next 8ms response time : This stat is time it takes a pixal to go from blackest dormit state to whitest active state and back to dormit. The lower the number the better. Today, the standard for most LCD televisions is about 8 milliseconds. U will see a little blur if u are 2ft or closer to tv . But while playing video games none at all! Next 60 hz : The most common hertz value for televisions is 60 Hz, which means the set displays a new image 60 times a second. Generally, higher hertz values mean cleaner, smoother images. Now to the audio : I gave this a 3/5 if u know ur way around a 7 band equalizer im sure u could make the sound pop as for me i had to just go with the presets which makes the sound average at best. But with the 3.5mm headphone jack i plan on getting some cheap computer speakers . I have had this tv for a week now so dont know the longevity of it "but" i got the 2yr walmart warranty for $20 to be safe. Bottom line : If u want a HDTV with great specs and priced lower take a chance on SCEPTRE . Or pay $150 more for same tv that just says SONY or SAMSUNG on front.Ultimate Review
Maybe mine was one of the few bad ones, I loved it for the three days that it worked. Now am not willing to waste any more time troubleshooting and awaiting another week for a replacement and driving back and forth to the store and hope that this one works. Now i will spend the extra $$$ and buy another sharp and enjoy my new tv for years to come like the first one.gave it a chance
when i connected tv, the picture was good , then after an hour a white line on the side of screen appeared, had to take it back for refundbad tv
I purchased this TV without any hesitation after seeing the price, the size (40in) and all the positive reviews even though it wasn't a big "brand name". I had a Viewsonic 37" LCD HDTV before this #it decided to get a couple bad capacitors and failed to turn on anymore - it was almost 7 years old#. I loved that TV and the picture was absolutely amazing. Point being I knew I didn't need a big brand named TV to get a great picture so it made me not dwell too much on this brand, Sceptre. #I do currently own a Sceptre computer monitor that is just quality#. Anyway back to this TV, the picture is really really good, clear and crisp with Dish HD service. I can't comment on the sound since I have a surround sound and don't use the TV audio. Like other reviewers stated, the remote does feel cheap but I only needed it to set up a few settings anyway. It looks very nice having a glossy black finish and it very light in weight, which was very nice since I wall mounted mine. I would recommend this TV to everyone, especially at this price - you can't beat it!The reviews don't lie!
I wanted a decent size TV for mounting on the wall in my master bedroom. I didn't need to spend a bunch of money on a TV, so I read the reviews on this one from Wal-Mart and figured I would take a chance, if I didn't like it I knew I could return it and get something in the store. Well, it turns out it is great for what I needed. It has 3 HDMI inputs, 1 more than I really needed and the picture quality is great. I have a HDMI input for the Blue Ray player, which gives it access to the internet so now it's a smart TV and a HDMI HD input from my cable box. I get 1081i and 1080p signal and it looks as good as a TV that they wanted $500 for. I liked it so much I bought a 32 inch for the little girls room to play video games on and she loves it too. I have had it for 2 weeks so far and no complaints, the remote feels really light but that is okay, I am using the cable remote for it anyway, so I don't ever need to use it.Great TV for the price
I was unsure of what to expect after reading other reviews and doing a little online research regarding this product. Overall, I think that based on the price it is an excellent value. It was easy to assemble and remove from the box. It is surprisingly light weight. If I choose to move it in the future, I know that it will be an easy task. I think that the picture quality is good. It serves the purpose for me. Granted there are TVs that have better picture quality, but they cost significantly more. The overall picture quality of this TV exceeds the quality of the average TV you would find in this price range. I personally do not have a problem with the sound on the TV. It does not have as rich of sound as some on the market, but if you want better sound or surround sound you can easily add a separate system to this TV for that purpose. I think that for the average person, the sound will be just fine. It is easy to use and the manufactures specifications are accurate. It is better than what I expected for the price.Great Value
Paid $319 and thought, "How bad can it be for that price?" It wasn't even good enough to justify paying $300. The picture was really dark/dim. I tried adjusting the settings and nothing could quite get the picture brighter or give me proper contast. The sound is horrible but that is the case with most flat screens nowadays. Returned it and paid $100 more for a Toshiba and it was a hundred times better. I'm not a tv aficionado and wasn't expecting a lot but it still wasn't worth the money.You get what you pay for.
Our 3 kids went in together and bought this TV for us for Christmas 2012. It was a beautiful picture and everything worked perfectly until around 4 months ago. Then it would not come on; just the blue light at the bottom right corner. I would have to unplug it to get it to turn off. Then I would try it again after a few hours and sometimes it would come back on. This got worse and worse until it would not come back on period. I guess that is why this beautiful TV is priced so cheaply because it is cheap. Customer support at their website was pretty useless.It lasted less than 2 years
Had the TV for about 6 months. Then lines all of a sudden went up and down the screen. Sceptre insisted we damaged the TV and it had cracks in the screen. (we only emailed them a picture) There are no cracks in the screen and we did not damage the TV. Sceptre has the worst customer service and doesn't want to pay out their 1 year warranty beaware! Can't believe they insist we damaged the TV after 6 months!Sceptre doesn't stand by their warranty
I had it for a month. Started about one week ago, while I was playing a DVD, the volume of the tv turned up automatically to 100 (I read similar reviews, so this is not accidental). I tried to turn it down, but it turned up again. I had to shut down the TV. Then it has been on and off for several times in the last week, very annoying. And yesterday, it's just stop working. No matter what button I pushed on the control, the TV did not response at all. I just returned it today. Now have to shop around for other better quality brands. What a waste of time.Volume turned up by itselft
I took a chance on this TV because I am familiar with this brand (I own a Sceptre monitor.) I am extremely happy with it. It has an awesome picture, fabulous sound, and I love a lot of it's features.
That said, I will start with the (in my opinion) bad.
1. S2S emailed that they had shipped it, yet still took nearly 3 weeks to get here.

2. Arrived to store with a hole in the box. While not large, it was evidence of the lack of care during shipping. TV itself was undamaged, luckily.

3. Heavier than I expected, out of the box. Not necessarily bad, just have an extra set of arms to place where you want it. NO handles, or niches on TV to carry or place. This TV must be lifted by bottom, just be aware.

4. Worst part for me -- all component plugs located centrally on the back. Would be better if they were on the side(s) so it's easier to plug/add components. (This and #5 are the only reasons the features got a 4/5 rating.) I use the included stand, but would imagine those with wall/stand mounts will need to connect everything before mounting.

5. Remote is too large for my tastes (roughly 9" long, with roughly 2" of dead space at bottom that could have been left off) and difficult for small hands to reach from shuttle buttons to channel/volume <> buttons easily without adjusting where i hold remote.)

6. Not the best manual, but then again... nowadays you have to figure it out on your own with anything/brand.

Now for the good!
1. LOVE the swivel base! No tilt,but the swivel was an excellent surprise.

2. Three (3) auto-off functions : Sleep timer (10 min. increments), No-Signal (if TV left on after component is turned off, TV shuts off after 10-15 mins. This feature can be disabled), and No-Input (if no input from a remote in 3 hours, TV will shut itself off -- bad if you're watching a marathon movie, great if you leave home/fall asleep with it on. This feature can be disabled.)

3. Crisp, clear pictures. It is a 1080p TV, but my Roku box only goes to 720p, but is amazingly clear.
4. Great sound. I generally keep the volume at 9-13 and can hear everything just fine.

5. You don't have to cycle through you component inputs to switch from TV/DVD/Roku/etc. You get a nice drop down menu to choose your input location. (TV,AV, YPbPr, HDMI 1-4, PC, and Media) - yes 4 HDMI slots!

6. Lots of setting options are on remote (aspect ratio, picture type, sound, favorite channel +/-, freeze, MTS, CC) too save you from going into settings every time -- and they drop menu to bottom of screen so it doesn't interfere with the picture and you can see what you're doing.

7. One button push to swap between TV and last used component or TV/USB media (these are the TV and USB buttons at bottom of remote.)

There is also a parental control option in the settings, for those of you that use this. You can set a PIN and have V-Chip, Keypad, and Source (Input) locks.

I am finding more ever day that I just love about this TV. I can't wait to get a blu-ray player next month and really put this TV to the test!

I hope this review helps answer any questions some of you may have. I am very happy with my purchase.Great TV -- Good & Bad points listed!
This is my first time getting a hd tv and this is a good start. The value was best I seen for this tv. So I wanted to give it a try. I brought a surge protector because someone told me you need it for hdtv. Even you don't then the bulbs will blow out. I seem a lot of hdtvs in stores, but I say this looks really nice!Great hdtv for value and size
Well first of all it's bigger than I thought, though I don't have HD yet, it still has pretty good picture quality! The sound is a bit low, even on 50-65 (out of 100), but I am using a surround sound, so that does not really bother me any bit.

I did Site to Store shipping and it got to the store in 3 Days, which I was not expecting to be that soon!

All in all, this is a GREAT TV for the price & size!

I'm adding a picture, it's a bit blurry since I took it with my cell phone, but you can see the overall size! :)Amazing TV!
I was extremely skeptical about purchasing this tv. In fact, I read almost every review and waited nearly 6 weeks before pulling the trigger.

First, I just got it today. I ordered it by ship-to-store, and it arrived at Wal-Mart 6 days after I ordered it. I spent about 20 minutes adjusting the sound and picture, to meet my specifications, and it looks/sounds fantastic. It's actually better than a Samsung DLP projection tv that I had prior to this one, and I spent $1,700 on that a few years ago.

Pro's:

Affordability, a lot of HDMI hookups, sleek, Wal-Mart's great return policy (incase you don't like it)great picture, adequate sound, USB 2.0 input for other media.

Cons:

If you turn the sound up real loud, it will sound a little tinny, but that doesn't affect me because I use it in a bedroom.

The swivel stand isn't very strong, as it does wobble a little bit, but it swivel's very smoothly. (If you're mounting it, the stand isn't an issue)

The remote isn't the greatest. It has to be aimed directly at the right side of the television for it to be effective, but if you're using a Cable/Dish/Universal remote, you won't even need the TV remote.

I feel like I'm nitpicking a little with those cons, but I just want to inform future buyers, as there are so many reviews that aren't even worth reading. If you use Time Warner Cable like I do, just use code 001 to program your cable remote to the TV.

If I have any problems, I'll most certainly post them in a future review. But I'd definitely recommend this to a friend, or anyone looking for a great value on a new TV.Great price, picture and deal.
Good TV. Picture quality is great. I hooked it up with little fuss, but the stand takes a little work. Up and watching TV in minutes. For the money, a good buy. Been watching for weeks with no problem. Sound quality is poor, but hooking up to surround sound fixed that.

Has RCA, VGA and Composite hookups. Allows (4) HDMI inputs but I haven't used them yet. So far, I see this TV able to handle my cable box, DVD player, and my computer with no problem. I like the USB input so I can play music.

If you are looking for serious quality, maybe get someting nicer. But if you are looking for something to do the job, this does.Sceptre 40" Class LCD TV
I have had this TV for two weeks ,I contacted the company twice with questions and had to leave a voicemail because they were busy and they didn't return my call unitl the next day and I was not home for the call.The direction book does not list the code for the universal remote control so you have to use the TV remote.The sound is terrible because if you raise the TV to 25 decimals the sound breaks up and make a weird sound.The TV is going back this week before the big game.TV STINKS
I have/had two of these televisions. Both the 40" and the 32" have been sent back for repair one time each. The 32" was sent back because the picture went out after 4 months. I returned and they replaced, it now has no sound. Took it local to look at and it cost $87 for them to tell me the sound was out and would cost more than $200 to repair. It is now JUNK. The 40" went out after 7 months, returned and they replaced with a new TV. It is still working but I expect it to go out anytime. These things look good but they are junk DO NOT BUY unless you want to experience a lot of frustration and lost money. The Vizio is a much better TV, I have one of them as well and it is still going strong.
I don't expect a TV to last like the old days but I do expect one to last more than a year and to have to send two of them back is crazy. I will NEVER buy another one of these and I am shocked that Wal Mart continues to sell.READ before you purchase please........
bought this site to store special buy. got it out of the box and followed the instructions. the red power available light lit when plugged in, but neither the remote or power switch would power up the tv. called sceptre support and left a message. they called back in about 24 hours. i explained the situation. the man said take it back to the store for exchange or to be sent to a service center somewhere. bottom line, returning this tv back to wal*mart for refund.tv will not power up
I purchased this TV via site to store pick up, brought it home and it worked great for exactly 33 minutes, I know it was 33 minutes as I commented on the time to my wife right before we turned it on for the first time. After 33 minutes the picture went completely blank leaving only the sound which wasn't that bad. When I returned the TV it took longer to get the money back for my service plan that I purchased than to get my money back on the TV itself. The people working the service desk commented on how many Sceptre TV's had been returned for various reasons.Bad Product Do Not Buy
For the price, I am very pleased. The only problem I have is the sound is a bit brassy. There may be some adjustment that I haven't found yet. It, or the price, is great!!!Great for the prie
Overall very good tv for the money. The only partial downfall is remote control performance. You have to be aimed pretty straight at the sensor for it to fuction, other than that I have no complaints.Great value
For the price, this is a great option. Due to financial reasons I could not afford to replace my Samsung of the same size. After some research I decided to try this Sceptre 40" HD. I was pleasantly surprised as I thought I'd have to really come down in quality from my Samsung. It has decent picture quality with adequate adjustments to get the picture to my preferred settings ( all tv's are factory set as too dark for my liking) The picture is clear and good color. My only complaint is the same as others, I wish they would have installed better speakers. Sound quality is ok but not as good as I was used to. I think they assume everyone has a sound system or home theatre system ( which I don't) so sound is a bit tinny. I looked at other TV of this size and lower prices and the picture quality was no where near as good as the Sceptre which has 1080P Also this TV has 3 HDMI ports where many only have 2.

A big plus for me is Sceptre is an American owned company.

Cons;
1 sound is tinny needs better speakers,
2 settings are a bit different than I was used to If using an HD box you have to select HDMI port it is hooked up to so it does not automatically recognize under the TV setting.
3. does not give you the code needed to set up a universal remote

Overall, I'd say for the price I'd say it's a great value and choice.Great Value for the price
Pulled the trigger on this 40" HDTV based on great value and the detailed reviews on this site and that of Amazon as far as brand recognition and community support. The packaging arrived via FedEx ahead of schedule but I did noticed a triangular tear on the side but not punctured. Easy assembly though not as friendly as some of the Vizio spring-attached TV stand
The build-in ATSC Tuner consistently registered majority of my local TV stations. Disappointed that the TV does not provide signal strength to help with initial antenna adjustment.

Sound quality is adequate for catching up with weather and news in a 10'x15' room. In fact the default +1 volume (0=mute) is loud as compare to our previous TV setup. Some tweaking and auto vol leveler=ON to help. External speakers is a must for movies

Decent picture quality. Observed some pixelation with fast moving 1080i scenes(6ft away) but I'm not sure if this is due to OTA signal strength or up converting.

All in all, I'm happy with this great value hdtv. More update soon.Great value for bedroom TV
I bought this on November 10th, 2012. This is an excellent TV for the money. The picture quality is excellent and the sound is quite good for a flat screen TV. I like that it has several inputs including 3 HDMI which i thing is the minimum you should have nowadays. It has a headphone jack so you can hook up your own speakers if you want better sound. I love the swivel base on the TV, works great for if you're sitting in a different part of your living room.

UPDATE 11/19/2013:
Unfortunately a year and 9 days later the TV just suddenly shut off when I was watching a show. The power light just went out completely indicating no power at all. I checked the power cable on the TV and the surge protector and all was good. Tried unplugging for awhile and re-plugging it in but it was officially dead. The manufacturer warranty is up by 9 days but I bought an extended warranty on it through squaretrade so we'll see what they decide to do with it. I am really dissapointed becasue this was a great TV before it died early.Good TV for the price, it just died after a year
Very happy with the TV. The quality of the picture and sound are excellent. We're just having a little trouble with the aspect when we watch DVD's. There are 4 preset aspects: Normal, Wide, Cinema & Zoom. When we watch a DVD, Normal leaves big black borders around the edges, but if you want to use closed captioning (and we usually do) then this is the way you need to watch it otherwise you can't see all of the words. Wide will usually distort the picture, Cinema is great but you lose the four edges of the picture, Zoom is like Cinema but zoomed in a little more so we usually use this option unless we need the closed captioning and we have to use the DVD's closed captioning, in which case we use Normal (if the DVD picks up the TV's CC--and not all do--then we can use Zoom). The only other down side is that there is only one composite input (the white, yellow, red one) and we have two devices (DVD and WII for netflix) that hook up with this type of input so I'm going to see if I can find some sort of T for it. Otherwise, we're very, very happy!Great TV for the price!
Dead pixel, dead center of the screen. I also bought the 32" at the same time and it let the smoke out today....literally. Sceptre is an awful brand. Don't tell me I just happened to buy the only two lemons they sell. Both TVs will be returned tomorrow and I will purchase a more reliable brand and pay more.Dead pixel within 2 weeks
I am so far very well well pleased with this Sceptre TV. The sound is exceptional. I first bought a Samsung and with the volumn open wide, my husband could not hear it, but this one can be heard very well. I would certainly recommend this TV.Great TV
Have had this tv for a couple weeks now and it's awesome, picture is great, sound is great, very easy to use and get going! Walmart's price is the best out there by like $50 and I really shopped it around and I am very happy with this purchase. Definitely top bang for your buck. Also it arrived super super fast.Great Value!!!
Kids needed replacement TV for gaming & movies so we shopped online at Walmart for greater selection. Wanted biggest bang for our buck, also wanted good reviews.
This TV is all around great bargain for the low price of less than $320.00. Picture quality is excellent, easy to understand operating instructions/menu. Had leftover money to purchase extended service plan for piece of mind since I had never heard of the brand. Shipped directly to my local store for free & speedy pick up. Cant find a deal like this in store or elsewear. Very happy with purchase, hoping we are this satisfied longterm.What a bargain!
Have been enjoying this HDTV for a week. Excellent quality at a very fair price. Set up was easy.Excellent Value
This television is awesome! My father-in-law has a Philips LCD 1080p and the Sceptre competes with it for a much cheaper price! The picture is crystal clear and the TV is easy to operate.

Value = A high quality flat screen HDTV for less than $400!

Meets Expectations = The other good reviews are correct about everything.

Picture Quality = Awesome crystal clear HD! Plus, I love that this TV has 4 HDMI ports.

Sound Quality = I gave this a 3 for several reasons. 1, the sound on the regular TV isn't that great. Of course, I haven't heard any flat screen with great sound. 2, I use a surround sound system with my TV, so I've only listened to the TV's speakers twice.

Features = It has normal TV features, but it works great, so I gave it a 5.

I highly recommend this TV. I had it shipped site-to-store and as I picked it up people were asking me about it. When I told them the price and size, etc., they were usually shocked! One guy was kind of mad because he had just bought a 32" LCD 720p television for $10 more than I got mine!Great TV! Especially for the price!
I was very skeptical about this tv when I bought it; however, it has exceeded my expectations. It was easy to set up. It even came with a screwdriver for assembly. The picture quality, the thing I was most worried about, is no worse than my Visio tv. The sound is awesome! I have hearing problems, but I can hear it perfectly. I have this tv in my living room, and it is perfect. I would recommend this tv to everyone.Great TV!
I read many of the reviews here online before deciding to purchase this TV. Some were not good reviews and others were great. After purchasing this TV and using it for a few weeks, I am convinced the poor reviews you read are from people who may not have known how to set up all the features correctly. This TV has an awesome picture -- sharp -- clear -- and large. It has connections to use every gadget you can image hooked up to it. You can do everything from viewing photos or video straight from your cell phone to hooking it to your computer for a giant monitor. I'm impressed and so glad I didn't spend more on a brand that's more familiar. Remember when you are the new kid on the block -- you've got to really prove yourself to make it. And this TV really did that! Love it! Bought this for my hubby's birthday and he LOVES it too!Awesome TV for a low price
Unfortunately the 1st TV I received had been broken in shipping, but received full credit upon return & replacement sent out immediately. I don't have an HD signal yet - so can't be thorough in my review - but have had a 46" model of the exact set for 5-6 yrs & really love it!great TV for the price
Sceptre? Never heard of it. But for $249 I figured I'd try it. I'm pleasantly surprised. The picture quality is very good...not spectacular, but you'd have to have a spectacular picture next to it to notice. What sold me was all the different ways you can connect to the tv. It's got VGA, HDMI, USB, audeo, video etc. I've got the cable box, a PlayStation, and a surround sound system and my computer hooked up to it and still have several HDMI slots open. To that end, the menus for setup and input source selection are pretty simple to understand. Oh, and its got a headphone plug-in too. I read a few reviews where the tv arrived scratched or damaged in some way, or it quit working right away. I had mine shipped to the store which, in and of itself, was a nightmare.. but only because it was the week of Christmas. Merchandise pickup at any store is a circus. It arrived in perfect condition. I hedged my bets on this unknown brand by buying the 3 yr warranty for $28 bucks. I would definitely buy this tv again.Nice for the price
Bought this tv 3 times and returned this tv 3 times. 1st time had black line across the whole screen. 2nd and 3rd time had pixels out... Save your time and money. May be cheaper and screen may be nice but defects are plenty.Terrible
The TV just stopped turning on. I've read reviews from other web sites. It seems this is a common occurrence with this TV. Don't buy.Worked great for a year.
This TV is in my personal opinion exceeds most of the top name brand TV's. I work at Wal-Mart as an Electronics Sales Associate and I have experience handling many different name brand TV's. This one however, has to be better than Sony, Samsung, Phillips, and LG. For the price you cannot get a better deal because most 40" TV's range anywhere from $450-$600 (rough estimate). This TV totally exceeded my expectations. When I first looked into this TV I was skeptical about the name brand, but after reading some other customer reviews I decided to give it a chance. Lets just say I am glad I did. The picture quality is exceptional because of its 1080p HD and 90,000:1 contrast ratio. The picture quality is vivid and smooth, but looks much more crisp if plugged up with an HDMI cable. Sound quality I think is better than most 40" TV's and for myself I think the sound is more than adequate. The features on this TV are about the same as most 40" TV's. With 4 HDMI outlets what more could one ask from a TV? Overall, this TV is a great choice with great picture quality, sound quality, features, and especially the price.Awesome TV!
I've had this TV for about a month now. I wasn't sure about Sceptre at first, but I checked their website and they are a legit company who have been manufacturing LCD displays for about 30 years now. I guess they're just breaking into the TV market.

This TV is a great value. Crisp clear picture with many different settings you can modify to your liking. If you like you can go to Sceptre's website and check out the manual (pdf) for this product to see what I'm talking about. It's the very same manual that comes with the TV itself.

The speakers are the only thing lacking in this TV. Now I understand that flat panel TVs aren't known for their great sound quality, but I'd say this one is average or a little below. If there's any bass in the feed at all the whole unit vibrates noticeably. But as long as you have the bass turned down, or are pushing the feed through a receiver via the SPDIF (coax, not optical) audio output you should be good to go.

The remote is a bit bulky, but for those with big fingers like myself the buttons are just the right distance apart to prevent mashing the wrong one.

If you're looking for a good picture for a good price, this TV is it.

I also had this unit shipped to the store nearby for FREE! I'll admit there was a little nick or two in the packaging, but the TV was in perfect shape. Much easier process than having it shipped to my apartment.Great Value
I got this Sceptre 40" Class LCD 1080p 60Hz HDTV, X402BV-FHD without really know what I was getting into because its the first time I see this brand but what a pleasant surprise it is amazing for a very few dlls compare to all there is on the market you get even more than what you expect I'm really happy I MAKE THIS BUY.wow !!!!!!!!!! awesome for a few dlls .
This is my 2nd SCEPTRE TV. The 1st was a Christmas gift for my parents & had to return as it was too small (32" 1080 resolution. See my review!). I returned the smaller one in the store and DID look while there. Just to make sure there was not a better deal. Of course there wasn't! This TV is simply amazing! Not just for the $$$, but all around! It easily compares with the bigger, more expensive brand names in every aspect! I would go as far as to say this TV MAY be better than some of the other (more expensive brands) I have seen! The picture is GREAT! Sound.... Better than my PHILLIPS! It has enough features, although I'm not real high tech, it has plenty for me! User friendly remote, which does take a little getting used to, but if that is all I have a SMALL complaint about, I cannot complain! I would buy this TV again and highly recommend it to anyone who wants a nice TV; in the 40" or 32"! The price is the bonus!GREAT Buy! GREAT TV!
Well i receved my 40" lcd t.v. 2 days ago and i couldnt be more pleased. After getting out of a terrible relationship with my only 4 year old DLP 50" t.v. , which fixing it if u can get parts would cost more than the tv did. So with this purchase i did alot of research searching all site for the best deals , and also looking at all reviews ,thank god for reviews. This tv is worth every penny and much more it has every feature u will really need or use, and the picture is outstanding from every angle. only thing i could not find in specs is what it had for connections in back. It shows only 4 hdmi (which is awesome) and a usb input, but after i got it found that it had every input u need for anything, both audio out analog and digital, both audio and video in 3 rca jack and 5 rca jack, also coax input and a p.c. input, so u will be able to hook up anything!!! i bought this tv for $320.00 from walmart got free shipping with it that took only 5 days from purchase to my front door. so it a very good value at an unheard of price for 40" tv , and sceptre is an inovator in there field for lcd quality. So all i have to say is buy this tv and u wont be disappointed, and now i can say goodbye to changing all them darn bulbs in my old RCA dlp peice of crud, dont ever buy RCA or DLP products . Dont be affraid of a name u might not have heard it just might surprise you like it did me . I couldnt be happier and i hope this helps all of you on your decision :)This is an awesome T.V.
I bought this TV based on the reviews. I am very pleased. I had the tv home and set up and was watching it within 30 mins.
The Picture is good. I like it best in Zoom...I think the sound is excellent.. I am still working on getting the tint right...I don't have it hooked up to an HD box yet...This is my first HD TV and one that is bigger than 21". The price was great. I ordered the TV on the 1st and had it on the 6th of August.. I ordered it at night. So the site to store shipping was FANTASTIC.....Thrilled with TV
they've been making monitors for a long time.good ones.whats a monitor but a tv without a tuner?In fact monitors have beter specs than a tv.have to because u sit so close.a default sound or picture lets u know what your input device is sending,and can let a external source like a stereo do the fine tuning for audio.if the pix is bad,thats the sources fault usually.which is why we are constantly adjusting it.Sceptre is not a no name,been around a long time..
I did alot of online research and this tv was worth it. It was my first HD tv and is great.Great first TV
we are very pleased with this product. we purchased it reluctantly, had never heard of this brand and i didn't want to spend a lot of money on a tv that i don't watch all that often. we have been very happy with the tv.great tv for the price
This Spectre TV (Sony) has a great picture, but the sound quality is the drawback-It is a bit tinny and not loud enough for our 12x16 room. After a few weeks we noticed the speakers made a buzzing sound on certain tones when watching programs.
I did not like having to box it back up and take it back, but could not take that intermittent buzzing sound any longer.Nice Picture, cheap speakers
Picture was not clear and I returned it to a local Walmart for refund. Walmart return was very good. I strongly recommend purchasing another TV. The price was very good. I was very surprised that the picture was so bad since all the reviews were so good. I may have received a defective unit, but would not go with a no name again. I found an 43" LG plasma for about the same price and the picture is exceptional. Good luck.Very Poor Picture Quality
Went to the manufacture web site and this tv was over $150 less than they had on there. I rushed and bought this tv at the great deal of just under $400 (before tax) and did a site to store pick up. So far I have been pleased the only downfall is I do not have cable and hooking an antenna doesn't allow me to pick up as many digital channels as my old tv did.Happy
This is a very good TV...It's have a good Picture,Sound and it have everything you need to add anothing too it.. call DirecTV and they add it to there remote in a few min..and my DVD..computer...I love it and my friends and family can not beliver that something that they have never hear of have a great Picture...I would buy another one...I also gone the 3yrs warren on it...I would do that on any TV....I had also check it out at other stores have it too like Sears and it much more money for the same TVVery Good TV
I've had this TV for about a week now and basically it's exceeded my expectations. I was looking for a cheap TV for my bedroom and came across this TV on a deal site. My first reaction was hesitation because it was Sceptre. I'm not a videophile, but I've bought Panasonic plasmas and even a Pioneer plasma before, so I like to think that I know a quality picture when I see one. I'm usually a plasma guy but at the $299 price, I decided to take a chance with LCD; a Sceptre LCD mind you.

After I hooked it up to my HD satellite receiver, I was instantly relieved and all my worries were gone. The picture was EXCELLENT! Honestly, the average person probably wouldn't be able to tell the difference in picture quality between this set and a more popular set, such as Sony, Samsung, or Sharp, unless the TV's were side by side. I would imagine a more expensive brand TV would have deeper blacks and a sharper picture. But for $299, this can't be beat! And like I said, if you consider yourself an average viewer, you will be more than happy with this set.

Of course the question is longetivity. Hopefully after a year or two this TV will still be running smoothly. But if not, that's why I purchased the Walmart 3 year warranty for only $28 more. =)

In conclusion... Stop debating. Take the chance. Don't let the Sceptre name scare you off. Peace!Sony is now spelled S-c-e-p-t-r-e.
We have had the tv set up for about 2 weeks now and it is great for the price. The sound quality is not as bad as I expected it to be after reading other reviews. The sound is fine, of course if you want a louder surround sound you could always add that or a sound bar and to make it better. We have more expensive tv's and this one rates right up there with them. I would recommend this to a friend!Great for the price!
I ordered my tv a few weeks ago prior to moving into my new apartment, I must say....AMAZING for the price!!! Picture quality is GREAT very clear, clean and crisp! Wasn't expecting much from a $300 price tag tv but it blew me away, as far as sound quality VERY LOUD speakers, I don't know what people are saying about bad audio they are crazy!!! I have had 2 previos flat screens (Sanyo & Emerson) this Sceptre BLOWS THEM OUT THE WATER AND COMPETES WITH SAMSUN/VIZIO ON EVERY LEVEL!!! I use this tv in my bedroom,,,,,going to be ordering the 50 inch for my living room soon!!!AMAZING TV FOR THE PRICE!!!
Don't know what to think of some of the bad reviews. Ordered online, picked it up, set it up, and it seems to work just fine for me. The sound is much better than other reviews I've seen. Even set low at about 25, it's almost too loud. It goes up to 100. No unusual sounds or noise from the speakers. They work amazingly well for me. Everything I've used on it so far work just fine. HD broadcasts come in crisp and clear. Surprised by all the available hookups on the back, plenty for the latest HDMI hookups, and even pleny of old style rca type hookups for those of us with older stereo units. The color for me is just fine, brightness, pretty much everything is working as well as I expected. I've only had it 2 weeks, on most of the time when I'm home, no problems. Extremely well packed for protection, included the screws and screwdriver to attach stand. Very very robust stand. Tv can be rotated left or right. A best buy at the price. Bought the extended warranty as with any other appliance. Recommend trying the tv out, it's been good for me, at a great price.Surprisingly Good
Was a bit skeptical as I had never heard of the brand before and the price was ridiculously low compared to name brands I have heard of with comparable features. But I'm so happy I went ahead and read the other positive reviews! We are so happy with this purchase! Son is tickled to have this in his room. We also purchased him the "smart" dvd/blu-ray player by sony for only $79 at our local walmart. Incredible picture all around and my son loves that although the tv itself is not a "smart" tv, the player is and he can watch netflix, etc on the tv! Would definitely recommend...thinking about purchasing another for my room!Impressed!
Awesome TV for the money! Uses many sony tv parts, basically a no name sony. picture qaulity is awesome on digital tuner and watching netflix on ps3 in HD, dvds look great tried the ps3 dvd upscaler and they look great on this tv, old 480i programs can really look bad like star trek the next generation looks horrible on this tv, but the new star trek movie looks awesome, its the price u pay for hd, old formats u can see all the flaws and interlace lines etc. i did try my ONLY blue ray movie "taledega nights" and it was horrible i could see so much pixelation etc on faces was worse then the dvds we have tried, im not sure if this is the blue rays fault tho it is brand new, or the ps3 or the tv. i tried to adjust all settings on the tv and ps3 and nothing seemed to help, im going to rent blue ray soon and try another one. the picture on this tv is great very clear and crisp colors look wonderful detail is amazing playing ps3 games or watching hd on netflix, i will say the tv is not as bright as i would like it especially with older tv programs, lots of dark spots where you loose detail on older programs and still a little to dark i think for even new hd shows i tried the adjust brightness etc and there is room for improvement but i think just time messing with setting and getting use to my first real 1080p tv instead of 1080i with a 4/3 aspect ratio ill get use to it.
i have some complain about the audio of this tv, i have to disagree the audio is awesome for a flat screen, almost all flat screens suffer, but his flat screen has bigger speakers then most but only bad thing is there pointed str8 down so they can fit in the tv, i do recommend a external speaker system for movie night etc, but for average games and tv its great, i will say all those complaing about the sound probably needs to go to the audio setting and switch the AV limiter control to the alternate setting. the stand is awesome it swivels which is very nice, tv takes the 400x200 bolt pattern so pretty much any universal wall mount will work, remote on this tv is good but not universal to control other devices its tv specific but very nicely made, tv is light weight, the black gloss is not to shinny as to reflect rooms lights back at you, the blue power button light is dim as not to distract or bother you, the tv is just a "little" wobbly on the stand i would recommend some 3m double sided tape or somethign similar to really make the stand sturdy to prevent easy tipping onto a child or pet etc, has a built in 7 band eq for audio has 4 hdmi inputs, a usb input a headphone jack input for audio input a headphone jack output but it is a pain in the put to try and plug and unplug that headphone jack so i think its pointless to even have it, its has the 5.1 rca jack for 5.1 surround audio out to a soundbar etc, it has coax in for digital antenna, or cable, has 1 set of rca audio outs, for 2.1 channel sound, has a vga input for using as an external computer monitor, tv is very responsive changing channels or settings, no lag time like alot of other flat screens, its energy star certified when using it on power saving mode which will only cost you 15 dollars a year to use, i figure it will cost 20 or so with "normal" settings. sceptre has a long history of being a pc led/lcd manufacture, i think you would be hard pressed to find a better tv for even 100 more in price. overal i give it a 9 out of 10.

Biggest downside = not as bright as it could be.
biggest upside = price, qaulity, picture, inputs & outputs
walmart said originally 7 days for shipping that changed to 10 days the 14 then 6 days before finally arriving to store but was worth the wait.competes with much higher end tv's
TV is doing really good so far. Looks and sounds great. Had a digital audio out for the stereo hookup. Stand swivels. Seriously, buy this TV. :)Awesome Deal
I received this TV yesterday and set it up immediately. The picture is great. I had it mounted on its table stand while I set it up and attached the wall mounting bracket in my bedroom. I agree with a few other reviews that the sound was a bit disappointing because the speakers are on the bottom of the TV. However, after I got it mounted on the wall the sound was very decent since it was no longer muffled by a table top - not soundbar quality but very good for TV speakers. I really love this TV. Hope it keeps going and going. However, since it's not a brand I'm familiar with, I purchased Walmarts 4 year service plan.Great TV
Everything is great...Looks better than most of the Well known Brands.

You would have to be used to a SONY, Samsung or a Sharp Aquaos 1080p LCD's to not be fully satisfied. You can use it as your Main or 2nd Television. The remote is ok & I see no problem with the sound. If you really want to get the best out of this TV? Calibrate your TV & watch HD channels instead of analog. I have taken a picture of the tv with my phone to show people how it looks. Picture is in this review.Great Buy for the Low
I was skeptical about this TV since I've never had or heard of this company brand before searching around online, but so far it's meeting and exceeding my expectations. Also I can't say I agree with some of the reviews that say this TV's sound is off or not that great. It's amazingly good compared to my old 19' HDTV I used to have. It's very sharp and clear just like the picture quality.

Anyone who's on the fence about getting this HDTV, I would encourage you to get it, it's a great buy! Also you may want to get some TV straps because it's not very sturdy being a swivel base and the straps would help anchor it down and prevent the risk of it toppling over.Excellent HDTV!
THIS is a FULL review so take your time reading

i had to buy a Tv not just any Tv but an HDTV! so i spent days and nights looking for the right one i met some close awesome looking tv's however the price tag on them really hurt to see so i would skip it and move on the next "32" tvs are too small for my taste so i kept looking at 40" and above it was black friday and the tv's here in the local best buy were GONNEEE so i went online and met this awesome nice looking tv even tought im not a fan of ( unbranded merchandise ) i really like the price tag the specs were incredible so i click add to cart :)

SHIPPING: i shipped it to my local walmart and it took less than it was expected i liked the text messages from walmart aswell ( delivery time 6 business days )

PRODUCT PACKAGING: i have to admit that the packaging was excellent my box did not have 1 tear or smudge 5/5

PICTURE QUALITY: the picture quality is above my expectations i hooked it up to my PS3 with an HDMI cable and i was introduced in to the world of HD i have never seen such a crisp image with the sharpest Definition after looking at HD i will never go back to standard AV cables

SOUND: sound is really good it all depends on room lenght and width wy roomm is 18 ft wide and 35ft high ( estimates ) the sound blastes from wall to wall even at the lowest setting of 5 or 10 HOWEVER the sound has a trick it highers and lowers due to SRS true surround this is a small problem but turning it off will do the trick. :D

Features: it has 4 hdmi inputs i vga input audio in and out cable and the AWESOME USB media input plug in the usb and it will read and play your music !!

this tv is amazing get it while its hot i bought it for 345.00 and i can say that im realllyyyyy reallllyyyyyyyyyy extremelyyyyy satisfied this is the best purchase i have ever done it went over the branded tvs not gonna put name but i will put the initial .
my tv beat the following , S**y,T*****a,S*****g,L* , D***x.
thanks for reading i hope you buy one after this!AMAZING PURCHASE!!!!5/5
When I received the TV (via mail), the box was badly beat up. When I opened the box, the TV had a large dent on the side of it. I was willing to deal with the dent and save myself the hassle of returning it if the picture quality was good. I was really disappointed after flipping through some of the HD channels through my RCN cable box. The picture quality was very bad. I guess you get what you pay for. I bought a 32" Samsung LCD tv about 4 years ago and the picture quality blows the Sceptre's out of the water. I will be returning this TV and paying a little more for a better brand.Disappointing...
TV would not power up out of the box.
Called the number for my Walmart extended warranty and they told me to take it back to the store.
Walmart took it back and I payed more for a 42" Vizio. Love it!Failed out of the box.
May have gotten a falty tv...seems the hair and top of their heads moves on closeups and would like someone to check this for me but don't know who to contact or who to see.
Can you help me...it is frustrating.Full HD screen terrible
TV arrived with multiple gashes in the box. Upon turning the TV on discovered damage to the screen. Have to return the TV tomorrow. Not such a good deal when you factor in the time to pick it up, unpack and then repack and return it to the store. Cant's say the TV is a bad product as It appears the damage was caused by Walmart and may not have be a manufactures defect, guess I will never know.poor shipping and handling by walmart
The price on this TV was to good to be true. We picked it up at the store and brought it home. It was easy to hook up/set up. We turned on the TV and the picture was great!! Could not have been more happy with the picture. However, the sound on this thing is terrible. I actually expected it to sound bad because I have read a lot of reviews were the speakers on these new flat screen TVs are not built well and most people have to supplement with a sound bar. Even with the money paid for the sound bar, we were still ahead of the game with total money spent. To help those who buy this TV, don't buy a Phillips sound bar. We found out the hard way that the Phillips sound bar is on the same frequency as this TV. Every time we turned up the sound bar it changed the channel on the TV. We ended up with a Vizio brand sound bar. Overall, it is good TV for the price but expect to buy a sound bar.You are going to need a sound bar!
This is a low price, budget oriented TV. But the performance and features are top notch. Its not a "smart" TV, but that is not what I wanted. The ports and features are comparable to TV's costing $100 or more dollars more than this one. Its not my primary TV but easily could be for a smaller room (its a true 40 inch display). The picture is very fine with no areas of any sort of distortion of any type. The sound is typical of a flat screen TV and holds its own compared to the my other flat screen TV's: certainly adequate but a 'sound bar', etc. would be a good addition. I use it with my outside over-the-air TV antenna only (no cable) and I think the TV's tuner is not quite as sensitive as my several other TV's. I tend to feel that most TV components are commodities these days that many manufacturers use and the difference in brands (besides the name) will be in features of operations, additional ports, etc.Good Value; Great Performance
This TV is a great value for a 40" at less than $300.00 . The picture quality is good. It has more than enough inputs, including 4 HDMI, PC, Video as well as digital and RCA audio out ( for older sound sytems). Bought this to replace a 32" Vizo that I had purchased last year at a higher cost for the bedroom. If you are looking for a decent 2nd TV, this is definately worth the money!Worth the low price.
We received it within a week & loved it. Nice picture & sound Great tv for the money so we thought but within a week it just stopped working. No signal no nothing. Just went blank We had to call Sceptre & get a return number. Since we paid for shipping we wanted them to pick it up since it was broken & not that we just didn't want it. I had a hard time getting in touch with them on line & on the phone. Finally we got customer service & said we'd try another one since it was a good price & it has so many good reviews. My son also bought one but his didn't work from day one. I was surprised, I thought ours was just a fluke since the reviews were so good. So we spoke to CS, they make you give them your credit card before they send another one out. they said when we get the new one they'll have the bad one picked up. The rep on the on line customer service told us to take it back to the store. I wouldn't have paid 30 dollars to have it shipped if I wanted to carry it!! So we'll see, we're still waiting for the new one. Then Walmart called, they were nice, we told them about the shipping problem, they said they would pay if Sceptre didn't . I didn't care for Sceptre's on line cs . The person we got didn't help us much at all & you can tell he wasn't into his job. When i asked him about Sceptre paying for shipping to send it back becasue it was broken he just answered me back with ." Nope, we don't do that" I asked for a managers number & he helped us saying they would take care of it. If we decide to keep the new one I think I'll get the warrenty because since it broke in a week and my sons never worked at all I'm kind of scared not having coverage on it. Still up in the air about keeping it once it comes. It is nice looking & I liked it when it worked but who knows how long that will last???Broke in a week
This was my first SCEPTRE purchase. I was disappointed. I don't mind buying lower end brands and I have been satisfied with lower brand electronics in the past. With this product, I got it out of the package and turned it on and immediately noticed how low the sound was. It was too low to use in a combo living and dinning room. Also, there was a blue line running through the middle of the screen and the remote eye did not easily meet the TVs eye. I had to move to many directions to get the remote to work. I felt that that was too many bad signs and decided to simply return it.I returned the TV
Well, I finally got my 'Bad out of the Box' TV# You have to expect it will happen eventually and I've been lucky# This time the LCD panel on the HDTV was bad# I already had it hung on the wall before I turned it on for the first time# Had to take it down , take all the mounts stuff off of it and take it back# That was the ONLY hard part about my experience# WalMart was the absolute best about taking it back# Got my money refunded, went straight to the bank and deposited it, went home and re=ordered the same TV! Wish me luck!Bad out of the Box.
I bought the T,V, based on the customers reviews, sorry what a big mistake, looks are deceiving. The picture quality leaves too much to be desired, I own other HDTV s ; ( Toshibas, Panasonics and Visio, ) there is no comparison what soever. Do yourself a favor and spend the xtra $ 100.00 dllrs., just buy a Name Brand, trust me You will be much more Satisfied.
Don't waste your time, money, and GAS. Seriously don't make a mistake.very disappointed
I will never buy another Sceptre brand TV in my life. It took literally 5 minutes for the TV to come on after pressing the power button on the remote. And this happened every time i turned the set off. It wasn't picking up my cable signal either so i had the service provider come out and check my box, which turned out to not be the problem. Overall the quality was very poor and i wouldn't recommend this product to anyone. I returned it with 3 days of taking it out the box.Stay Away!!
I wondered how a tv could sound so good from the majority of people be so bad for others.
Well, it's hit or miss in my book. The picture quality is only decent if you're standing/sitting 15-20 ft away.
I have an acquaintance who works on monitors/tv's for a living. HE couldn't get a good picture. His advice, "Read the comments on reviews, and if there is a gap between very bad and excellent, don't buy. Likely the parts have come off other machines, or are cut rate."
PLEASE save yourself the trouble of returning it.
If you had it shipped to your home, you will eat the shipping charges.Only buy this if you place tv a mile away for you
This is a fantastic buy!! My husband and I did tons of research and were more than pleased when we hooked up this tv to our verison fios HD!! The picture quality is amazing, the sound works for us and we are very happy with our purchase!!Unbelieveable!!
The stand was pretty easy to assemble which is great since I live alone. I am just watching it with my regular cable service and it has a great picture. I have read other reviews about the sound but it is more than adequate for my living room. You can clearly see this TV from anywhere in my apartment. The only thing I don't like is that when I mute something there is an annoying box that is always displayed on the screen. All in all, I would definitely recommend this TV and am sure I will enjoy it for a long time to come.Very satisfied with this TV
I have to admit, I was somewhat skeptical on this purchase, but so many good reviews pushed me to give it a try. I also have a Sony Bravia 40" TV-Monitor and I don't have to tell you about Sony image quality, it's legendary, but I have to say that I am amazed at the quality of the picture on this 40" LCD for such a remarkably low price - it gives my Sony a run for its money, honestly. The color fidelity is excellent: you can change color temperature, tint, sharpness, contrast, saturation, and lots more with the setup. Sound is also quite good and can be tweeked, as well as a number of other aspects. I tried this puppy using a Samsung Blu-ray player into one of the 4 HDMI ports: the picture was remarkable. Black levels are remarkably good, and color is not overly saturated #tough you can get that if you want#. I also tried this TV with an external tuner that pulls in HD over the air feeding the output into the HDMI 1 port and overall picture was outstanding - but of course quality varied depending on the channel being viewed. This is an outstanding TV plain and simple. I have not tried this TV with direct cable but I don't expect any surprises with that. The build-quality of the TV itself is impressive and solid - with its piano-like gloss-black it looks like a much more expensive TV. Septre is to be commended on such a fine product and so too with Walmart for making this unit available at such a low price. If you don't need a 3D TV but want a really good 40" LCD get it now, you will not be dissapointed.Great Buy on 40" LCD
I was hesitant to buy a TV from a manufacturer I wasn't familiar with, but a friend of mine told my that Spectre actually produces the screens and/or parts to some of the more well known and higher end companies, and just decided to start producing their own tvs as well. So, I got an exceptional tv for a really low price. I'm glad I listened to my friend's advice! I'm a happy camper!Great Value for a Great TV
Nice picture and alot of Hookups 3-HDMI nice black levels and the Stand Swivels i Recommend turning the Sound to Dynamic for great sound production this T.V. is all around great. Cheap Price and has dozens of options with all the Hook ups you could need from coax to HDMI. 4 Simple screws attach the base to the tv anf it even comes with the tools !! very simple to setup easy to use and a great value and the 3 year warranty add on was cheap to so why not buy it!Great Great T.V. !!
Hardest part was taking the T.V. out of the box. After that install the stand and plug in and that's it.For the price and ease of set-up you can't beat it
I wanted a decent flat-screen TV without investing a ton of money. I compared several TV's before deciding on Sceptre. It meets the general needs of the average viewer who is not a critical electronics techie or some sort of "sound" connoisseur. I don't need to spend a grand just to watch TV, Netflix, DVD's, etc., and this set meets all my needs. The price was so affordable that I could pay cash! It's aesthetically pleasing and is the ideal size for my apartment living room. I'm happy!Awesome TV for the price!
Amazing tv for the price. Recieving lots of good comments from friends about the picture clarity. I absoulutly love it and works great with my HDMI connection to my dvd player.awesome!!!!...
I was nervous about buying from an unfamiliar brand. Well, I was blown away. I wanted a TV, just a TV, not a supercomputer that talks to me, demands that I talk to it, takes pictures of my pocket, etc... This TV just perfectly fits the bill. When I want to watch Hulu, I just turn my HDMI capable BD player on, or I connect my computer to the thing (VGA or HDML). Sound is much better than on my 65" Mitsubishi (not a big achievement). Besides, the Sceptre has an equalizer if I want to play with the audio. Picture is great with the usual major choices plus individual detailed settings. This TV is just a tremendous value, I got the 23" version for the kitchen.!Exceeded my expectations
I could not be happier with this purchase, thank everyone for their reviews, you helped me make a great purchase. I ordered this TV two days ago on Walmart.com and it was delivered for free inside my garage two days later, best experience ever. I unpacked, mounted on the wall connected the cable company cable, powered up and did a channel search and when search was done I was smiling ear to ear, great picture, sound was ok, but that's the same with a $1000 TV too, sound lacks on most of them. I am very, very happy with this purchase, for $319 plus tax delivered, I am on a cloud right now. It looks as good as any 60Hz HDTV in my home and even looks better than my 32" Toshiba. Would definitely recommend and would buy again and again. Thank you Walmart for keeping the big boys honest. Best Buy, HH Gregg and and the rest are overrated and over priced.

Buy It, you will not be disappointed!!!Rocket1220
This TV is fantastic for the money you probably paid which makes this TV a budget hero.

Pros:
*Out of the box this TV looks fantastic and image clarity is impressive. Colors are rich and vivid and blacks actually look like blacks including whites.

*This TV is very bright, I was worried that it wasn't going to be bright enough but was certainly not the case. I had nothing to complain about.

*Input lag / ghosting is a non issue. My video games look and play fantastically on this TV. I was really worried about this one but PS4/360/PS3 console gaming works just fine on this with no apparent ghosting or input lag. Tested out some battlefield 4, Assassins Creed IV and Grand Theft Auto 5, all of which played just fine as I would of hoped. Watching Blu-Ray movies was just as delightful, nice and fluid.

Cons:
* The power cable is built into the TV. I was hoping it would be removable but no.

* The sound is a bit tinny and underwhelming, not a big deal for a TV at current price. It would be silly to expect premium sound. If anything on a TV that I wouldn't mind that a manufacturer skimped on would be the sound, I'd rather have superior image quality. If sound is a deal breaker for you, I'd recommend you look into this magical thing called a sound bar or home theater audio system.

*No Optical Audio on this. Most of my aging equipment still uses toslink optical audio but the TV has other solutions that work for me so its not a deal breaker.

Conclusion:

This TV is solid, I paid little and got a lot and so will you.Floored.
I have had my Sceptre 40" for 2 years now and it has performed flawlessly. Other reviewers comments about the audio are pretty close to the mark, but a sound bar takes care of that (use the headphone jack and turn off the internal speakers via the TV menu). I am a retired engineer and have used Sceptre computer monitors for 8 or 9 years now; they are a well known and respected brand of professional monitor so I was very confident when I purchase by Sceptre 40" TV from Walmart. My confidence was proved out. I am very pleased with the quality of the TV and the myriad of possible video and audio connections, and, of course you can't beat the price!Not a NoName Brand!
i would recommend it to anyone good productflat screen tv
It's up there with the best of them!!! I have 3 off them up in my guest room. She's on the left.Great tv
I am a pretty basic person, so don't really require much from my TV and I'm not really electronically inclined. With that said, I was very impressed with my purchase. I ordered on-line, on sale, with free shipping to my home, expected 6-10 days.
Using the web site to browse and order was incredibly easy. The TV arrived at my home sooner than expected. It is lightweight enough for my 78 yr old mother to get it into the house on her own. I looked at the box to see which way the base attached, but read the instructions to be safe.
I can't tell HD from analog, but have HD ability. It all looks good to me. Sound seems to be working well. I usually like the sound level around 12, but was able to crank it up to 45 for an old CD. I have already recommended this product to a friend stating that it's a great TV and you can't beat the price.Excellent
I was hesitant at first because I've never heard of Sceptre and after reading the reviews and talking to friends who have Sceptre, I thought I would give it a try. I read some reviews about the picture quality and sound not being to par, but knowing that all tv specs are set at the factory. They usually are not set at the best picture and sound quality. After tweaking the picture and sound adjustments, I'm perfectly happy with this model, because it looks sleeker than the other models. I didn't give it 5 stars because the sound does not go higher after "40", but since it's in my room it's perfect for me. I do plan to had a sound bar later to give my dvd's a boost in premiere audio sound. Also I contacted Sceptre Customer Service and Tech Support because I had problem with one adjustment and hey took care of my issue right away.Great LED tv for the price.
I bought this tv because I couldn't get over how cheap the price was. The size of the TV is the same size as the one in my living room that I purchased for $800 a couple if years ago. This tv was a gift for my husband to have in his private gaming area and he loves it. The picture quality and sound are amazing.Great TV with a great price!!!
The Good: It was inexpensive and the picture looks good under normal operating conditions. I have external speakers so I have yet to try the internal speakers.
The Bad: Out of the box - the gamma on the LCD panel is terrible. I have it hooked to a computer using hdmi and after using a calibration website (google for lcd test) I ran a gamma test on the screen - and it was ok for green - but terrible for the red and blue channels. (The red was crushed at the top end - and the blue gamma was someplace way above 3) However I was able to get it to something more respectable after adjusting the picture settings using the remote control.
Also not great: The panel on this screen looked like it may have gotten dust or some other contamination during manufacturing - there are about 40 pixels that have polarizer defects where they still partly allow light through when the panel is displaying black. However at my normal viewing distance of about 7 feet it is almost impossible to notice them. (I Have excellent eyesight)

I am still debating if I should return this as after all the adjustments I did. The picture looks quite good and I don't notice the defects under normal viewing conditions.

Also of note the tv uses a pixel format of VRGB - so if you want to use it with a computer you will have to adjust the sub-pixel rendering settings to get text to look good (or turn off sub-pixel font rendering). Right now windows does not support changing the pixel layout for subpixel rendering - but Linux has full support for this. This is quite common with lots of tv's but it is good to note anyways.
TL:DR: The tv looks good after adjusting lots of settings - the defects are too small to notice unless you are picky.Good - but poor light filter and gamma out of box
The base is a peice of junk. The sound also fades in and out, will probably
return for another model for a few more bucks.good value
Unless you are going from an old tube tv to this Sceptre you will realize what a piece of junk it is right off the bat. We went from a 4 year old HP plasma (which is still running strong and just moved to another room in our house) to this in our bedroom and we could see what a poor TV it was right off the bat. We picked it up from Walmart after waiting about a week for a site to store delivery because no stores in our area actually carried it, very excited thinking we had gotten a great deal based on the reviews (admittedly, we bought it because it was cheap). It wasn't even worth the $348 we paid. Had dead pixels right out of the box, the color had a deep green hue as soon as we turned it on, took us a good 45 minutes to get the color even tolerable, the volume went up and down at random and would get really really loud for no reason, the remote BARELY worked and you practically had to smash each button to change the channel, the picture quality was great on HD BUT on regular channels it was poor at best, totally not a bargain and TOTALLY not worth anyone's wasted time. I was shocked it got so many great reviews from people, I only gave it two stars cause it actually worked lol. Don't waste your money, spend a little more and get something decent. We returned it and got a GREAT Philips LED LCD for $599 from Walmart's site to store and its fantastic.Awful, Returned.
The Picture quality was great, shipped on two days, and was inexpensive. I am returning it after 15 days. The screen now has lines going through, the picture always shows duplicates, and the sound quality is terrible once I pass 30% of the volume.Started out great but fail
I bought it based on reviews and my understanding the nuances of these LCD TVs and the potential of 10 bit panel. The inverter board is substandard and noisy. The audio amplifier for the speakers hums as it is not properly isolated from the effects of the high voltage switching for the LCD and experiences a ground loop. Many of the capacitors are running near the limits and will fail early in life if not replaced. As an electrical engineer it will be fine for me as I will modify circuits and correct the design flaws, but this is not possible for the average consumer. Such potential poorly implemented.TV design faults prevent recommendation.
My TV is 6 months old and the picture went black. Now I have to send it in for repairs. Spend your money on a brand name with a good reputation. This is not it.
Just plugged my 13 year old Phillips Magnavox back in while I wait for Spectre to send me a shipping label and box before I have to bring it to UPS, buy insurance on it, and proceed to wait for it be repaired and sent back to me. Unbelievable.Do not buy!
I bought this TV as a christmas gift for my mother who lives in San Diego. A great deal for $249.00, or at least I thought. I reside in Los Angeles so I wanted to try it out to make sure it worked. Right out of the box I was impressed with the looks, However; when I connected it all up, the picture and sound quality was very dissapointing. The picture had lines rolling through it and the sound kept going in and out. When I changed the channels, the sound would return, but again after a certain amount of time would go out again. Also, when you change the channels, there is about 4 to 5 second delay. I did read the bad reviews but was hoping they were isolated as I have a Sceptre 32 inch which so far has not given me a problem. The jury is still out on this one because I dont use it often. Back to this 40 inch. I really wanted to keep this TV but returned. I guess the old saying is true. You get what you paid for. I will pay more for a name brand TV.I really wanted to keep this but could not.
I purchased this for a Christmas gift for myself. The price was very fair, however, I soon realized it had issues. It takes forever for the channels to change and once the tv gets to a certain channel, it freezes up and you cannot do anything with it for several minutes, can't even turn the tv off. The picture was not as good as expected either, but I was going to overlook that. I had to return the TV because it was taking too much time out of my life in flipping channels!! Not worth it!Worse TV I have ever had!
Read such great reviews about this off brand so i thought I'd give it a try. It has not been a week yet and there is no picture just audio. After performing reset still no picture and now no audio. It's your money, do what you want, but no more Sceptre for me spent a little more and purchashed another brand.WORKED LESS THAN A WEEK
The color is very poor we bought a Westinghouse house same size for our living room and paid 300 its much better.would not have purchased this if i had seen it 1st
The first one I got work for 30 days before having a pixel burn out.On top of that the screen randomly try's to adjust itself for light levels even once you change to a different setting.The sound setting do the same thing one moment you will be having perfectly find sound the next super quiet and then once you get it set right it just blares out at you.At that point I contacted the maker to find out that its not considered a product defect until 50 are burned out.What that amounts to for most people is that until a 2 inch square of your TV is all black/other colors they don't feel their stuff is broken.Also the company is based/call center is based in India and they take 3 days to return your call at which point they treat you rudely as if the TV breaking is your fault.At this point I contacted Walmart.They sent me out a new one.It arrived in under a week which was great.Open up the TV get it all plugged in only to see right from the box another burned out pixel.Contact Walmart again and now they are currently upgrading my TV to a different brand for me.
I would highly advise no one buy this TV or anything made by this company.Hopefully Walmart will pull this horrible item off the shelves.Horrible TV and company.
Bought 2 identical TVs exactly two years ago, all of a sudden, one of them DIED, The company is refusing to stand by their product. TVs should last more than 2 years. I will NEVER buy another "Sceptre" product and I suggest you are very cautious if you decide to. If you do, but an extended warranty.TERRIBLE PRODUCT!!!
Just exactly what I wanted. Price is great and I couldn't see any difference between my Samsung 46" than this tv. I had viewed the Sceptre around Christmas time at the store and was surprised at the picture quality compared to the other TV's. They were out of stock so I just waited. and found this online at Walmart and ordered it No problem with the packing container. It was easy and light weight to set up so I didn't need anyone else to help me. I'm very happy with it. I learned from my Samsung 46" LED 1080/120HZ that it is very wise to buy an extended warranty since my Samsung's picture turned pink and green on 1/2 of the screen about 1 month after the warranty was up. It would have cost more to have the TV repaired then to buy a brand new Samsung 46" LED. But after seeing the Sceptre I decided to go with it instead of the Samsung plus the price was great. The price of the 4 year warranty is so low it would be silly not to buy the extended warranty. TV's don't last 30 years like the old ones I grew up with did. I'm Just saying.Great price, great picture. All around great TV.
I bought this TV because of the great value. After shopping around, a 40 inch TV priced at $350 was by far the best deal.

I had read the other customer reviews, and was aware of the risk of buying from Sceptre, a relatively new and unknown brand. The sound quality is in fact a little low, as indicated by others; but the ports on the back of the TV provide a lot of options for hooking up laptops, HD devices, etc.

I had issues with the picture during the first prolonged use. I plugged in my laptop with the VGA cable to use as a display. The TV stopped working after 4 or 5 hours of use; the screen would give only a solid black picture, and wouldn't respond to any buttons on the remote. I could only turn off the TV with the buttons on the TV itself. I found that if you wait for about 20 minutes, the TV will work again, as if nothing happened, only to repeat the same thing all over again after more usage. It seems to me that the issue is with some component overheating, but I'm not an expert. Besides, this isn't the way a brand new TV should behave.

Overall, I was still impressed with the TV when it DID work properly. In fact, we are going to send this one back, and reorder another of the same, hoping to get one that doesn't malfunction like this.Great Value, Reliability is questionable
This is a good looking, slim television. Do not purchase unless you plan to have high definition. Without a high def connection, this t.v. 's picture is very poor quality. You can tweak everything as much as possible (contrast, saturation, brightness, etc), but you will not be satisfied without hd. Once we changed locations and hooked it up to our high definition Dish box, it was greatly improved and worth the money you save.Good television IF you have high def.
I bought this tv based on the reviews screaming about the great picture so I was a little surprised when I hooked it up and saw nothing really great at all. I was replacing a 4 year old LG tv and this tv's picture doesn't even come close to it. As most people know, each channel can vary slightly, but overall the picture is slightly fuzzy and pixilated (in HD!). The best way to explain it is that there's very little detail on people's faces, most look "photoshopped" for lack of a better term, whereas on my LG I can see every line and wrinkle. I guess I just wasn't prepared to downgrade on the picture with a brand new tv. That being said, if you only want to spend $300 and don't watch much tv, this one might work for you just fine. Otherwise, spend another hundred bucks and get yourself a better picture...There is nothing "great" about the picture...
great price but shoulda known that if it is too good to be true, it probably is...shipping was fast, was very pleased with the picture and the ease of set=up. Got rid of my 15 year old 27 inch tv and entertainment center and had a friend install a flat panel tv bracket over the fireplace. Saturday night I had some friends over for movie night and th tv picture went out (had audio) after about 4 or 5 hours, never to resume. took it to walmart on monday for an easy return and bought another brand online on tuesday and had it by Friday...this one is still working on tuesday, sooooo... wouldnt reccomend the Sceptre brand at all.It worked for about 4 hours...
This t.v. is OMG, this is a great tv i am so glad we got it love the picture and the sound is great, we read the review first before we bought it, we had no trouble with getting it set up at all very easy to set up, we have it in our bedroom and i have to say this t.v. is better looking then my other ones which i also got from Wal-mart as well those are Sanyo we have 2 of those but this Sceptre show so much better we just love it, like i said, OMG best buy ever for a T.V. We pick the t.v. up from the store from site to store it was here in a week and the associates at Wal-mart was so helpful of helping me put it in my truck and when we open it was no damage at all thanks for this great product we love it,OMG
I bought this for a price cheaper than I ever expected to find a 40 inch TV. It's LCD & lacks the overall sharpnes of our LED set. Overall for the money I'd say it's the best I ever saw for the price. The wall mount I added to the order & the extended warranty were equally great values for the price.Seems like a a great TV for the money
I bought this TV for my husband for our aniversary and he LOVED it! the picture and qualty is really good, wish the sound was a little better. I was worried about the TV because Ive never heard of this brand, its better than my apex tv that was about 100 bucks more. and you cant beat the price!! def. would and have recommended to people!Great Gift for the man cave!
The TV is overall great! The only thing I wish it had would be internet capabilities via wi-fi for netflix streaming etc. This is my second Sceptre brand TV in 2 years and the first one hasn't had any issues so I decided to buy a second one.
Overall great TV and value for the money!!!!Great TV
I was attracted to this TV because of the low price. Upon installation and operation I was pleased to find an excellent picture and very good sound quality. The unit was very easy to set up with clear instructions.Great value /better than expected
This is my second time purchasing this tv. I had a breakin and the first one was stolen. So i decided to replace it with the same tv because I was pleased with the quality for such a good price.great tv
there are only 2 negatives regarding this TV - #1 - the sound quality is not great, but it is adequate. If the sound is really that important, I imagine that you would have a surround system, anyway, and #2 - the picture is really much better with HDMI cables. I had the other pronged cables (PbR something) and switched to the HDMI on someones' recommendation - what a difference! All in all, a great bargain for the pricegood for the money
I needed a new TV for the bedroom and had been looking at 32" TV's and then I ran across the 40" Sceptre for a lot less then most 32" TVs. I almost didn't buy it because of the low price but after reading other reviews I went ahead and ordered one and I'm very happy I did, its a great TV and very happy with it. When my next TV goes out I'll replace it with a Sceptre also.Great buy
all things don't have to b a high end name brand. this tv proves that it shows and sounds just as good as any other.great
It is only two weeks and so far I am loving it. It show wonderfully well. It was not recommend to me by anyone I just saw it and decided to try it. I would recommend it to any oneBeautiful picture.Go get one
This was my Christmas present to myself and I love it. It has built in features so you don't really have to reset anything because the factory settings are really good to get the best picture and audio that it has to offer. I have a small living area and this size is perfect. Good price for a TV this size. I have had it now about 2 weeks and am very happy with it. I wasn't sure about buying this brand but am not disapointed in my purchas at all.Sceptre 40" Class LCD 1080p 60Hz HDTV, X405BV-FHD
I decided to wait at least one year before reviewing this TV. I wanted to see if anything bad happened in that time frame. And nothing went wrong. I have used it almost every day since buying it. It works great with my Wii U, DVD player, and DirecTV DVR. The TV works great, it was a great deal, and I would recommend it.1 YEAR LATER, AND STILL HAPPY I BOUGHT IT
I purchased my 40" Sceptre TV about 2 weeks ago, after comparing prices with other TVs of this size and after reading all the splendid reviews of this product! I had no problem at all attaching the base to the unit and attaching DVD and antenna cables for setup. It looks beautiful in my greatroom and has a slim, modern appearance! Since I don't subscribe to cable or satellite service, I was concerned about the picture quality with a basic antenna. After initial setup and scanning for channels, I discovered I was actually receiving many more channels than I had with my former rear projection HDTV, and the picture quality was amazing! There are many options to choose from in order to personalize your picture and sound preferences! The SRS (surround sound option) provides enhanced sound quality, and I found this to be totally adequate for my needs! I found absolutely NO problems with this TV, and I am happy to have found such a great TV at such a reasonable price!Quality and Value!
I got this TV for the same price I paid for my 32" Phillips and I like it soooo much better. It is sleeker, has better sound quality and the screen swivels. The picture quality is probably 95 percent as good, but for the price I got it for it is still really good.Great TV, Great Price
I wall mounted this TV in our master bedroom. This TV is better than I expected for picture, sound and ease of use. Initially I had some volume level issues in that the comercials started soft and grew louder as they went on. With the AVL (automatic volume leveling) off, all is now well. I would recomend this TV to family.Great TV at this price!
I really thought I was in trouble right from the get-go! After inspecting the single-wall OEM carton for obvious damages, finding none I proceeded to open it up and prepare it for re-assembly. Bearing in mind that it is now upside down on a hard, linoleum-covered floor with no swivel base installed yet, while reaching for the base, the TV fell over onto the floor on its backside with NO PROTECTION. Racing through my mind was the thought "well, it's over for this one!" I really believed that my new TV had been irreparably damaged. It had hit the floor really hard. I proceeded to finish the assembly process and was completely shocked when I fired it up for the first time and EVERYTHING WORKED CORRECTLY AND BEAUTIFULLY! That was three weeks ago and it hasn't even hiccupped slightly since. Now, back to the ratings. I rated the sound quality AVERAGE because the internal speakers are of average or less quality, However when I connected it to my Philips Blu-Ray Home Theater the digital reproduction is outstanding. I have DirectTv and Amazon Fire TV (both in HD) and the Pic quality in LED is also excellent. I must say this without equivocation: this is NOT a SMART TV! But I didn't pay for one either! But this Sceptre acts like one! And, it has MOST of the features of a smart TV without the cost! I'm completely satisfied and recommend this one to everyone. What I don't understand is folks blaming Wal-Mart or Sceptre for damaged goods! People should realize that product like TV's are most likely damaged in transit by improper handling and vehicular transfer than at the manufacturer or at the warehouse. Before retiring, I had 12 years experience as a project engineer designing packaging for sensitive electronics and I found this to be true in the vast majority of cases. (Also, we didn't ship defective product!) After dropping mine on the floor and seeing it work I'm convinced that this is virtually a hearty, high-quality dependable product and well worth the money.
RapidRabbittExcallent Buy For a Non-Smart LED TV!
For the price, i am impressed by the quality. User interface is better then some of the higher end tvs i have used. good picture, didnt have any dead pixles. I am very impressed by the sound this tv produces, clear, and loud. I have no complaints as this tv has performed better then i expected for the price. Have had the unit for about 45 days.Like every one else, I am impressed
I waited to review this product until I had acclimated myself to it. I have to say that for the price I paid, this TV exceeds all expectations. Picture quality is great, sound is great (I have an external surround sound unit), hangs on the wall with an adjustable bracket I also purchased from Wal-Mart at the same time so I was able to open up my whole living room with more space. Full 1080p, beautiful picture, works perfectly. I paid $259 for a 40" LED. How can I go wrong? I previously bought my son a 22" Sceptre TV for Christmas three years ago and I was blown away by the picture quality he got with his PS3. After heavy use, that one is still going strong. This is every bit as good. I already had a small (non Sceptre) 720p HD TV in my bedroom, this blows that one out of the water.Two months after purchase, LOVE this television
We bought this to replace our old school bulky tv.and is actually the second time we have bought this exact one. We originally purchased one for my mom. so far it is wonderful and the colors are awesome. My girlfriend actually had to turn the brightness down because it's so bright. Definetly perfect for our bedroom tv and would buy again! Mom loves hers as well!Perfect for our needs
We just decided to cut our cable since $170 a month is just insane and you can get alot of digital in high def for FREE over the air!! Well, now that we got the bill down to $45 a month for high speed internet and $7.99 a month for Hulu and Netflix, and $20 a year for Magic Jack. So with the $1200+ a year we are saving we decided to upgrade to new TV's. This is the one I bought for our living room after doing a TON of research (honestly probably TOO much research). After reading the reviews I took a leap of faith and bought this Sceptre 40" LCD and was VERY suprised at how nice the quality/picture is. I had read some complains about the sound, I simply cant understand why the sound is fine and can hear everything very loud/clear on a low volume setting. Only potential comment I could possibly make is I also bought the 32" Sceptre LED for our bedroom the same day I bought this for the livingroom and that picture is just insanely sharp and vivid. May pay to spend the extra expense getting the Sceptre LED version, but im not sure since I only own the 32" Sceptre LED. Bottom line, this 40" Sceptre is VERY NICE, has a crisp quality picture and sound and is a great value for $319.98. My boys love watching Spongbob on it and my wife and I enjoy the movies on it at night when they are sleeping :) If you want a 40" LCD at a great price, buy this one Sceptre makes a beautiful TV, or if you can afford a little bit more, consider the LED version.Best deal on a 40" LCD TV out there VERY NICE!!
Never heard of Sceptre before but am VERY HAPPY with my purchase.
Great picture, good sound, great features...RECOMMENDED!!!40" HDTV for 32" price...no name/no problem
If you don't have HD set up on your cable plan then you will not be impressed the the picture at all for obvious reasons. But using an HDMI cable from you dvd player or AppleTV or Blu-Ray Netflix the picture is amazing. I am very pleased with the price and construction is very impressive. The remote control is suprisingly strudy and has glow in the dark volume controls which is nice. Nice enough for any room in the house.Worth every penny
I bought this for my bedroom.The picture is great,crystal clear.I connected my laptop to it via VGA cord and watch movies on netflex,crystal clear, I cannot believe the picture. If your laptop has HDMI it would also work,my laptop does not have HDMI. We have dish not HD, picture is still great. The built in HD tuner picks up the local channels ,again crystal clear. Very easy setup.The stand is my only concern, seems like a bad design,when attaching cable and other cords it does not seem real sturdy.Great TV and great picture for the price very happy.Great picture
Classy looking piano black HDTV look perfect, works great. Great 40" 1080P for the price of name brand 32" 720P. I had purchased Sceptre HDTVs before from Costco.com and have always been impressed with the finish and function of these units. Recommend playing with the picture controls - brightness, contrast, tint, sharpness - to optimize picture. 4 HDMI inputs and PC input provide great flexibility for use. Sound quality is Ok - on par for these types of units...if you want theater experience connect a stereo system to it or program source.Great Value for 40" 1080P LCD Television
Bought the first one to replace a 42" plasma that fried after 6 years. At 1/4 the price of the original and less than the 32" I bought a couple years ago, this in one heck of a deal especially with free store pickup. Provides all the features I need.

Have a standard definition cable box from comcast that provides poor resulation for a set of this quality, but the digial tuner picks up the slack with HD for all the major networks. I love the favorite channel feature listing all the channel call letters. Didnt have this on my other tuners.

The picture is great on hd sources. Sounds is acceptable for normal TV veiwing and about the same quality of my other sets. I use a good surround sound system for movies or music videos so the poorer rating some have given the sound is not an issue. If you want great sound on any TV you should hook digitally to a good surround sound system anyway.

One complaint is the non standard remote Not sure if I should blame this on the TV or Comcast. I can get the TV to turn on and off with my comcast remote, but can't change the volume. This requires the use of two most of the time. That's a pain. Wish Comcast had learning remotes, or that the remote with the TV had a cable function or was listed for comcast remotes.

Other issure is the location of the USB port. This should be moved from the back to the side or front. USB is a removable devise that should be easily accessable.

I was so impressed with this TV I purchased a second for my mother-in-law. Again one great deal on a great TV.Fantastic price on a decent 40" flatscreen
I bought this for an early Christmas present for my husband. Hook up was very easy, had no trouble. Great picture and sound. I've seen where others have has trouble with the sound but the sound on this one is very good, loud. No problems so far. Very please with it. God BLessLove the tv
This is the fourth Sceptre TV I have purchased from Walmart. I have had two of them a 50 Inch and a 32 inch for over 2 Years. one 32 inch a year old and now a 40". I have not had a problem with any of them.Sceptre TV
Great TV, amazing with blue ray or anything in 1080p. Not to shaby in 720p or 1080i. I made a few adjustment to sound and picture in menu options to suit my type of programing (sports) and it has been great. I did buy the extra waranty due to some of the bad reviews but from reading hundreds of reviews all brands had the same basic type of good and bad reviews so why not save the money. plus I always remember anything man made can and will fail from time to time, luck of the draw I guess.It was well worth it to me.
THIS PRODUCT IS AWSOME... i never bought anything big on-line. ive looked around in other stores compairing prices and this deal u cant beat!! thanks!! :)GREAT DEAL!!
I was a little hesitant to purchase this TV because a lot of the reviews said that the sound quality was bad. However, I do not see any problem with the sound. I have mounted the TV to the wall and I can hear it just fine from across my room on my bed. I have had no issues with it and am very glad I bought this. Great price for a great TV!Perfect for my room
I am a 63 year old retired GM Dealership parts manager. When our Vizio TV that I had about 5-6 years started to acting up with lines in it and finally got to where you couldn't even see people moving in the screen, I started to check out TV's that might be made in our Great USA, Once I came up with 2, I centered on the "Sceptre" and started to checking a lot of positive feedback from people that had bought this fine TV at a 'Great Price". Walmart ordered it straight from the factory for me because of being out of stock, because of the popular status of this brand. All, I can say, if you are looking for a quality TV that came and all I had to do is plug in in and started to enjoy all of the positive feedback that I studied. Buy this brand and keep American money in America !! Great Service Walmart, great service !!The Sceptre 40" Class LCD 1080p 60Hz HDTV !!
What a pleasant surprise. Setup was a breeze. Picture and sound were great "as is"; didn't have to adjust anything. Am very pleased with this product.Amazing TV
We got it 2 days earlier than expected and it was easy to set up and start using. We're still learning about all the features, but liking everything about it so far!Still learning about all the features
This is the second Sceptre LCD TV I have purchased as a gift.
The picture quality has been excellent on both of them and the Audio is acceptable.
The first one had a part failure during the warranty period and had to be sent off for repair.
It came back in good working order and no further problems have been encountered.
Over all I believe these to be a excellent value for the money.So far a great value in a LCD TV
Reasonably priced 40" television delivers an above average picture and overall performance. I am very pleased with the Spectre brand, its built in digital tuner function, the 5 hdmi inputs, the variety of menu features such as picture settings, and mutli band equalizer. I am somewhat dissapointed with the television's overall sound and speaker quality; however, it would not dissuade me from purchasing another Spectre product.Excellent Affordable TV Delivers Great Picture
The Sceptre hdtv 40 inch I have had since Jan 7th. It is nice. It sets up easily. The screen is bright and vivid.

It takes about 12 seconds to turn on and shows a huge logo until the channel comes on. Switching between channels is less than one second.

Sound: My previous HD tv was a Vizio which was nice when I got it in 2007 but had poor sound. This Sceptre tv has nice sound that I am pleased with. It has three preset Sound settings which are easily toggled thru with one button on the remote and are named: Dynamnic, Standard, Soft. And of course you can create your own User sound setting.

Voices sound clear and music sounds big and loud.

I connected my computer to the tv via a hdmi cable and that works.
I connected Ipad to it and that worked with Netflix but not with amazon instant viewing. (but amazon didn't work on my previous tv either. The manual says you must have the proper and specific connection cables.)

super light weight easy to move around and the base swivels several degrees for many viewing positions.

Longevity:Unknown as I have had the tv for 23 days
Overall: Yes I like it and recommend it for a bargain tv.

It has a freeze button to freeze the picture. It has a sleep timer.Sceptre tv
We have only had this TV for a couple of weeks but so far it has been a great product. It was easy to set up and the picture quality is very good. The sound was a bit high tremble but as per suggested by others who bought this item, we turned the bass all the way up and it sounds acceptable. We got this on sale and it was well worth the money. Walmart has done it yet again! Thank you!SCEPTRE X405BV-FHDR 40" LED
after a few adjustment with color on picture nice and colorfulnice for the price
Bedroom TV went out, so i needed a new one but didn't want to pay a lot. I researched TV's for about two weeks. For the size and price, this TV looked like the best deal.

Usually you see a lot of reviews that are either great (company generated) or terrible (mad buyers who got a lemon). I ignore all these and try to read the others and I deducted that this TV had good picture, lots of hookups, good quality to price and lousy sound. Well, thats exactly what I got. Can't say enough about how good a picture it has, but the sound was horrible in my 20x20 bedroom. The sound was weak, like from small head phones. For me this was not an issue, I had a sound system in there already. But just about any speaker system would work to improve it.

Am I satisfied with purchase, yes. Would I buy this TV again, absolutely. Would I suggest it to a friend, yep, already did.Better than I expected.
Good buy for the price. Easy to assemble the base, easy to hook up to cable, Great picture quality.

But, having a hard time setting up the screen so we can see the whole picture. Normal screen is vertical vs horizontal, which doesn't allow you to see the whole picture. Might be the operator and not the TV :-)Good buy for the price
So far, so good. I needed a cheap tv for my children to play their Nintendo Wii, and this is doing the trick. I read reviews complaining about the sound and picture, but for what we use it for, it is great. I have a Samsung, and I would say that in comparison the Sceptre is definitely a lower quality. It is much less "sturdy." I have a 720p HDTV, and I can't see that the 1080P is that much better. This TV is 1/3rd the price though. I'm thinking if the kids don't touch it, then the TV will last a long time. I was encouraged by the other reviews about their customer service, so if I do have problems, then I feel confident between Sceptre and Walmart, then I will be okay. Lastly, despite packages being delayed this holiday, my TV arrived very quickly. Faster than my Amazon packages. Great experience.Good Value
Sceptre make great computer components (monitors), and that is what this should be. Picture quality is great, but sound is weak. I have to have the sound turned all the way up to hear basic dialog.Mediocre sound quality
When we plugged the television in we set everything up and after about five minutes the television shut off. We went through this for about an hour we unplugged it and returned the television.Big disappointment
Unit is advertised as a having a digital tuner and as I have confirmed with sceptre it does not . Be carefull when buying , since you will need to RENT a HD box to get a digital signal that already comes in on your cable.no digital tuner
My husband and I are very disappointed in this purchase. The picture quality is pixelated even in HD. I really hated the fact there was no choice to format the tv correctly to fit on the screen. Their was only 4 choices and none of them worked. I did like the price, size and lightweight of the tv but that was it. I would recommend forking out a couple hundred more and get better resolution.Should have forked out more $ for better TV
The sound was very bad, and the picture was also not good. The HDMI input did not work with my new cable box. I was told I needed to update the firmware but was unable to find the right file on Sceptre's website. After a couple weeks of trying to make it work, I returned it to the store, and bought a Samsung. It was more expensive, but worth every penny. Picture and sound are WAY better. YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR!!You get what you pay for!
Picture was fair when I first hooked it up. After about 90 minutes the color went out of half the picture. The mounting base is very flimsy. It is on its way back as we speak. Learned my lesson about buying a cheap TV.I WOULD THINK TWICE BEFORE PURCHASING
Had it for two months and the "Please run channel scan" came up. Ran channel scan several times and nothing but a blanck screen. Checked the antenna and all was fine. Bought another antenna and it still wouldn't pick up reception. Bad TV.I should have listened to the reviews
After reading the reviews, I decided to purchase this tv and get the optional extended warranty. I had the tv for two days and the sound started going out. It had a watery-echo sound to it. We had to turn the tv off and reset the channels to get it to clear up. This happened several times. Now, after three months of having this tv, it simply will not turn on. We have tried everything and there's nothing. Contacting Sceptre on Monday because my Walmart warranty doesnt kick in until July 2013. I wish I had listened to the reviews that said there was a problem with sound and the tv just quitting. Now I'm going to have to pay to ship this thing to the manufacture. I think it would be cheaper to just get something else and wait on the walmart warranty to kick in so I can deal with it in store. :(Please find something better
I purchased the TV Oct 2013. It was easy to set up and use. I used multiple connections (cable, HDMI, VGA/audio jack) from multiple sources. It was just what I needed. I was happy with the TV for the most part of the time I had it. The screen did flicker off and on two or three times in the last couple of months. I thought it was a faulty light sensing detector. However 13 months from my purchase date, it lost all screen and audio output. The power light worked, but nothing else. I called Sceptre support, and they basically said to get it fixed elsewhere. When I pressed them about sending it in for repair, they quoted me at least $250 plus shipping both ways. That's more than I paid for the TV.

So, if you get the Sceptre TV that does die shortly after the warranty runs out, you won't be happy. I won't be purchasing any Sceptre electronics after this.Works great for one year
I bought the 40" inch Spectre a little over a year ago and it is already not working! When you push the power button, the light comes on but no picture appears. I emailed Spectre and since it was out of the one year warranty, they would not offer any help! Obviously, in trying to get a TV at a lower price, I sure have realized that the Spectre was cheaply made and not designed to last! It is a shame to pay $250 for a TV that only works for a year so buyers beware! Trying to save money by paying less isnt worth it when you need to buy another TV one year later. I will never buy another Spectre TV!PIECE OF JUNK - DO NOT BUY!!!!!
I never really got a chance to see this tv work. it went haywire from the very beginning and i couldn't even get it to program...even with every effort for 2 hours with technical help from my cable provider, the set would not work...i was very disappointed and returned it the next day...will not ever try this product againvery disappointed
I was looking for an inexpensive TV and thought I'd give this one a shot. Fortunately this one doesn't break the bank, but is dead in less than two years. It had a great picture while it lasted. Buyer beware!Dead in Less than 2 years
You really cannot beat this product for the money. The picture quality is awesome and the swivel base is really nice. My package was damaged in shipping and the original one was replaced immediately. Kudos to Walmart for there quick response to the problem also.Great Buy
This is my first ever flat screen purchase and for the money and it was really a great deal. It was a very easy set-up. I do not have any complaints about the picture and sound quality. It has many features. I read the reviews and did research of the company on there website and it was very helpful. The price was cheaper on walmart.com. I love my TV and have not had any problems so far.Great Tv for first time Buyer
Best quality and value on a 40 inch TV. Don't worry about the brand; purchased before Christmas and use every day in our den. Tip:If you use dish network you have to hit the format button on the dish controller to get the correct picture and select the correct aspect on the TV controller. Once selected quality is great. You will need to purchase a HDMI cable.Great Value and Quality
I was very happy with my recent purchase of a television. The prices online were excellent, and the shipping was very fast. I had my item shipped to my local Wal Mart, and it was here in less than one week. The associates at Wal Mart were very fast and friendly when I picked up my item! Overall GREAT EXPERIENCEPurchased Television Online
only problem i'm having is cc...setting it up correctly and should work but isn't and have not been able to get answer from sceptre customer service; if anyone can help please do so...and i thank you all for providing reviews-you helped me make an informed and correct decision to get this tvif you're not defined by brand names buy this tv
This is my 3rd one. Can't beat the value. Very good sound and picture. Have never had any problems with the other 2. This one has even more features and options to choose from for personal picture choice.Best picture for the price
Needed to replace my 19-year old TV. The Sceptre had good size, good reviews, good price, free delivery and capability of returning to local Walmart if needed. Performance has been just fine - cable hook-up was straightforward.Needed to replace my 19-year old TV
So far it has proven to be an excellent TV but I have only had it for a couple of weeks.
I shopped this around and Wal-Mart had the VERY best price over ALL of the competetors.
Should I have any problems with it you can be guarenteed I will post it.Great Value
For $329.98, this was a great value for a HDTV 40in LCD. Extended the warranty with Walmart for 2 more years and the total with tax was $384. Easy setup out of the box, even came with a mini screwdriver for the few screws involved with the base. My only disappointment was that there was a sticker on the right side of the picture frame showing the features of the TV and the sticker left glue residue that I wasn't able to remove completely. If you are going to put these types of stickers on products, they should come off cleanly. Other than that, no issues, and we've been using the TV for 3 months now.Great value, easy setup
This is the 3rd Sceptre we've purchased in the past year and are TOTALLY satisfied with everything about it. Great picture, great price, easy to set up. Don't hesitate...we'll buy more SCEPTRE's in the future. This last one was a gift for a member of our family.GREAT television!
Great tv for the price has an excellent picture HDTV channels ( has full 1080I) are awesome with Directv has 4 HDMI ports great for blue ray or gaming console my xbox 360 looks great on this for under $300 for a 40" tv I could not pass up this deal was not sure the brand would measure up on quality it surpassed it could not be more happyGreat Tv for price
Great picture and sound for the money. Easy to set up but documentation about the source of the input was not very clear. My input is through a cable box and a DVD/VCR combo to the TV. This was not addressed in the owner's manual but I was able to figure it out through trial and error. The manual has much room for improvement.Outstanding product value!
We bought one of these for our second summer home. We used it for 2 months and liked it so much that we bought a second for our main home. We have only had it for 2 weeks so I can not give long term results. I did buy a 2 year warranty on both. Price and picture are excellent. I have not tried the other accessories but there are many and I assume they work. I had to buy HDMI cables to get them to work from the digital boxes.Excellent so far
Before buying this TV I read the online reviews. Lots remarked at the high quality picture but complained the sound was inadequate. I took a chance and bought the TV. When I was setting it up, there was a yellow card that said the unit was shipped with Energy Star compliant settings, and that if I wanted a brighter picture, to hit the Picture button and select Brilliant. When I did this the picture looked bright, crisp and outstanding. I noticed there was a Sound button next to the picture button, and I thought it might be set to a default as well. It was. The Dynamic option sounds great to me. So I figured maybe some who complained about the sound hadn't tried adjusting the sound settings. It sounds alot better if you adjust the settings. I have a Vizio I bought years ago for more than twice the price and this Sceptre is the better TV.Good Bang for the Buck
I've had the TV for several weeks now. The picture is great. I really cannot see a difference between this TV and the brand names at this point. In the end, I have a 40" TV for less than many of the brand name 32" TVs. It's a great deal.Great TV for the price
I purchased this tv back in November of 2011. I wasn't sure if it was going to be a great product because I had never heard of this brand. The delivery was good. There was little damaged to the box at all. It was light enough for me to get this in my apartment. I was able to put the base on with no problems. The picture is very clear and the sound is great. The remote is my only issue and its actually rather minor. When you use the remote that can't be anything in front at all blocking. You have to make sure you are pointing directly at the tv. Overall, I am extremely happy.Suprisingly Great!
I did some research and found out Hitachi makes Sceptre which made me feel good about the purchase, but I was really surprised at the quality when this item arrived. Crystal Clear and I don't even have cable i'm currently at 480i so at full 1080 i can only imagine! The speaker for it lacks but I have it hooked up to a stereo receiver and bigger speakers, plus an LED tv for this price no complaints.WOW!!!
Ordered this tv and had never used this brand before. Turned out to be a great tv so far. Have only had for a few weeks. Hooked up to our surround sound dvd and all. Great picture and sound.great buy
I purchased this TV for $229, expecting a decent LED HDTV. What I got was better than decent. At first I wasn't sure, as the picture settings out of the box were not good. After 2 hours of adjustments I finally dialed in what I would call an OUTSTANDING picture. I accomplished this by doing the following:

1) SCREEN SIZE - Full 100%

2) Under ADVANCED PICTURE SETTINGS - I turned the Dynamic Contrast ON, the other 3 advanced settings OFF.

3) COLOR TEMP - Warm

4) Under PICTURE SETTINGS - I turned the Contrast way down (around 30), Brightness up (around 65), Sharpness way down (around 20-25), Tint -1, and Color up (around 55).

At these settings, I would rate the picture comparable to my Sony's picture, and my Sony Bravia LED is a less than a year old and cost 3X as much. As far as the sound goes, I have tuned the equalizer settings all to the maximum position and the sound, while not great, is certainly acceptable. I have only had this Sceptre X405BV 40" for approximately 2 weeks so I cannot attest to longevity and dependability. I can only say that "I was blown away" at the picture quality once I dialed it in and I would definately recommend this TV to anyone!BETTER THAN EXPECTED!
Bought this TV to fit in a spot just a hair larger than this TV. It fits perfectly. The picture is fantastic. I also have the 40" lcd version of this same TV. Both are great but this one has noticeably better picture quality. Buy one you will love itGreat purchase!!!
Ordered online, arrived fast. Good packaging. Ez setup. Buy or have hdmi cables, makes a difference .Real nice lookin at clear HD picture. Ez to move, light. Good buy cheap price.Niice view
I love this tv it actually had me spellbound and in a daze with the clarity, you have to use the hdmi cord for best picture results but for the money you will not be disappointed bought this for my mother n law in the guest bedroom when she comes to visit now she stays in front of this tv and away from meNice pic and tv
I bought this Sceptre 40" LED tv set on ship-to-store.
The audio is not great right out of the box. Sounds like voices in a hallway. The Sceptre soundbar is an option for audio upgrade and it is cheap compared to other soundbars. But there is a three band equalizer in the Sceptre tv set and the sound can be improved by changing those settings. But the audio is not as good as, say, a Vizio.
If you watch a lot of digital channels, this set has a very good picture, the non-digital channels don't look as good. They look blurry.
The price was very competitive, the setup was easy, and I like the picture quality of the Sceptre. I watch mostly digital channels so this set meets my expectations and I would buy it again.Great Buy!
Good picture, then hooked up to HD box & wow, awesome picture!
Nice swivel base stand & even included a screwdriver!
Already recommending!Quality TV-great price!
Great flat screen for the price, I bought it for my garage with the 4 year extended warranry. I live in Florida where it humid alot. So far it has worked well. Great picture sound quality is ok. For the money you can't beat it. I'd buy another if I needed it.great flat screen
This is a great TV it has excellent color and is very easy to hook up your home theater and DVD or blue ray player and even your computer, we did a lot of research before this purchase and you just can't beat this deal don't pass it up you will love it!WHAT A DEAL!!!
This TV is just as good as any other brand TV. It has a nice picture and so far.....I just love it. For the price, it exceeded my expectations.Nice Flat Screen TV
I was a bit skeptical at first about buying this television because of the price and the brand. I researched this for a while and didn't find much aside from the reviews from Walmart and the specs. I had to hand it to Sceptre though, the TV is nice and cheap. The stand is very nice, how it swivels. The television itself also looks very nice and is bigger than I expected! It makes my living room look so much nice, and so much thinner compared to the gigantic dusty box.
Pros:
-Looks very nice
-Stand swivels, moves, very well. You can see the TV from anywhere you sit, unless of course you sit behind it.
-Loads of input ports, more than enough for a home theater.
-Xbox gaming is so much clearer, my K:D will now go up
-Very cheap compared to other TV's, I was comparing TVs for months and nothing came close!
Cons:
-7 second delay in turning the TV on, not bad unless you are very impatient
-I noticed when the screen turns black that there are about 6 or 7 red/blue dots, they are small and you only notice them when the screen is completely dark so it is barely noticeable, not a big issue
-Not the best TV I've seen quality wise but it is still pretty decent, one of the best looking Tv's though considering how well the frame and the stand look.

Overall if you are on a budget buy this TV. If you can afford TV's that are $700+ try looking at a different one but for $400 with the warranty and taxes I find this very good.Better than expected
This TV is everything I hoped it would be. After being told to look for a few specific name brand tvs, I went with this one. It's not got the name brand attached to it, but a 40" for under 300$ was impossible to find elsewhere..... The picture quality is awesome, I've used it for streaming movies and playing video games on my Xbox. No issue with it only being 60HZ.......The sound isn't the greatest, but no flat screen is going to have great sound. Once I played with the settings, it sounds great.....I would recommend this to anyone.Great Tv, Great Price
I purchased this TV online after much searching and reading reviews. Many complain about the volume/speakers, however, I find the speakers to be more than effecient. I have to laugh at myself when I think about my attaching the stand...lol...I didn't realize that the TV swiveled so I thought there was a defect in the stand...until I stood it up and it begin to move...lol

The picture shows great! There are no problems with anything thus far...It's a great TV for the price...Great 40" TV
Great product! We own several of this brand and only have good things to say about them.Definitely Good Product
This is a great tv. I can't believe it was only $350! I would buy another one any day.Great tv for the price! I love it so far.
This is the second Sceptre TV we purchased in the last 6 months and just love both of them. They are easy to program and have an excellent picture quality.Excellent buy for the money
Ok, Ive been using Sceptre brand monitors and TVs for more than a decade now and they have never let me down. The picture is still flawless after years of use on both my 20in monitor and 32in TV that I have in the Master Bedroom. I bought this 40in to upgrade the MB TV with plans to give my daughter the 32in for her BR. Well, once again I am amazed. This TV is fantastic! For the money you can not go wrong!!! Picture, sound, set-up, number of connections....all above and beyond a TV twice the price. I even purchased the Sceptre 2.1 sound bar thinking I would need it, but instead I'll be sticking that out on my 65in in the Living Room! DO NOT pass this TV up!!!!Sceptre IS NOT just a no-name cheap brand!
Bought this TV for the workout room and mounted it on the wall. Box was very beat up when I picked up at store so I was concerned, but so far TV has worked flawlessly. Picture is much better than I expected. Remote is a little chincy and TV has more of a computer monitor feel when it goes through it's boot up but the picture quality is great and for 40" at $350 how can you complain. Now I just hope it's reliable.Great Value, So Far So Good
for the money, you just can't beat this tv. viewing angle is even better than stated , picture is crisp and vivid, sound is awsome for the built in speakers, really surprised me. lots of configuration controls and hook ups.really good led tv
I was looking for a TV for kids to watch movies in basement. This was a real value deal.
Happy wife, Happy kids, can't ask for more...Great TV. Really value for money
I almost feel like I stole this TV. $319 price was awesome. No issues whatsoever. Shipped to store in only 5 days. I had it shipped there so I would not worry about being home for delivery. The picture is awesome. The sound that people complain about is not bad at all. I have it in a 14x20 room and it gives out PLENTY of clear sound. I'm still playing with some of the features but so far everything has been perfect. The USB connection is great. I hooked up my camera SD card to my USB reader and I could use the remote to move through the pictures. I need to try the VGA port but I am sure that will be fine.Great deal, perfect price, awesome picture
I ordered this TV from Walmart.com. Ordering was easy and it arrived in quick order at my local Walmart. I have had it for about 3 weeks now and I am quite satisfied with it. The sound and optional settings work just fine for me in my bedroom. The picture also is as good as my Vizio in my living room. The picture has many optional settings which are bound to please most everyone.
The only downside I can think of is that I wish the remote control was universal. It only controls the TV and you can't program any more devices into it.Great Deal!!
I have not been dissapointed in the size, picture, sound...great value for the price!For the price this is a great TV!!!
I recently got my first income return and didn't know what i wanted to do with it. Then i saw this steal and did some research and decided to buy it. Its is not a smart tv but it works great for my room and video-games. Only real draw back is you really hdmi cords for it to work otipitionally. But this draw back is bc of microsoft and verzison for not makeing super high quality cords. Overall very happy with the money i spent. Much better then my tube tv. Now i have the nicest tv in the housegreat tv for the price.
For $268 Totally awesome. Hooked my laptop to it and been happy everyday.Awesome
My unit arrived fast. I unpacked it and if it was refurbished they did a great job of repacking the unit. It came sealed as new. It looked and felt new with no signs of ever being touched since it was made. Set up was easy. Just 4 screws and they even included the screwdriver. Tip. Set the screen down on the bed while installing the stand (4 screws). Tip This will make you realise how many stations are actually HD. Non HD programming will dissapoint you. They just wont give you an HD picture. But when you get an HD feed your eyes won't believe the sharpness and clarity. Adjusting your color preferences is just OK but that means it's easy for most folks. In reality there aren't that many HD channels availiable unless you get a Roku or satillite or cable box. But when you get an HD signal you will be amazed. Don't worry about 60hz or 120hz or 240hz. The difference is barely perceptible by the human eye. You would want those higher numbers for viewing action films and sports where action scenes might so called blur momentariliy but inpercetively to ordinary humans. (Not those engineers or bragging televison aficiandoes). Great price, great quality, great picture.Great HDTV for the Price
You won't find a better 40" class HDTV for the price. Easy to setup. Picture is top notch. Sound is very good and there's an equalizer to make adjustments or you can use the different presets. Has a coaxial SPDIF 5.1 Dolby audio output if you want to connect to a sound bar or home theater system. I have the TV on a stand in a corner of my living room, so maybe that helps. I've had this HDTV for a little over two weeks and believe it's one of the best bargains I've found in a long time. Got it while the free shipping promotion was going and used the money saved on shipping to buy a 3-year protection plan. All for under $350 including tax. You can't beat that anywhere. I'm very happy I decided to buy this Sceptre HDTV. One tip: when attaching the base to the TV, make sure you get the four screws good and snug to avoid having any wobble.An Excellent Bargain
I bought this for my wife as a Christmas gift. She is very pleased with it.

Easy to set up. I had it up and running in about fifteen minutes.

The Boss is happy and I'm happy.

Give one a try and you should be happy too!Very good value
Wow, a great TV, had it shipped to the Neighborhood Market, great service! This is one feature packed TV with an outstanding clear picture. The model I got was RoKu ready with MHL port, SRS & and Toslink Digital(S/PDIF) , I have only had it up a few days but the streaming HD from RoKu is simply stunning! I bought the 4 year warranty from Walmart because I was not familiar with this brand of TV. No worries!Best Bang for the Buck!
Picture is clear, and the TV has plenty of inputs / outputs. Many of the new flat screen tvs only have a digital sound output, but most surround sound systems do not provide digital inputs. This TV has the analog outputs I needed, and the ability to make this adjustable with the volume control of the TV eliminates the need for two remote controls for volume adjustment. The price is great, and I would recommend this as a unit for small to medium sized rooms.For the price this TV has a great picture.
I bought this TV as a Christmas gift for my 91 year old mother-in-law. She is hard of hearing and the sound on the TV works well for her. She doesn't have to keep it so loud to be able to hear it clearly. She is thrilled with it. The price was so much less than other's this size and had all the features as some of the other well known brands. We had never had this brand before, but after reading the reviews, we felt comfortable with buying it and we're glad we did. The picture is just as good as the ones we already have by some of the more well known names. I would recommend this TV for the quality and value.
When we were setting it up, we had to call the company for help and they were more than helpful in telling us what to do and it was very easy after talking to the representative with Septre. I was very impressed with the support and how quickly we were able to speak with someone. To me, the support for a product is very important.Great value and quality
Really impressed with overall quality both picture and sound...my auditory discrimination is apparently not as keen as some reporting poor sound quality. Most impressive is the light weight of this size TV (40") that made it very easy to hang on the wall. This is not our main TV so was looking for good quality with great price. For me, mission accomplished.Great Bargain on a very good TV
Bought this for my grandsons room and we love it! Great picture, Great sound, Great price, we are very happy with this purchase.Great bedroom TV
Needed to replace our second TV. First time with this brand. works great.nice Tv for the money
I bought my first Sceptre 40" a couple of years ago. I purchased another a couple of weeks ago for my mother. I would highly recommend this TV to anyone looking to buy one. The picture is excellent and its very easy to set up. Why anybody would choose another brand is plain NUTS! Once I refurbish my bedroom I will be ordering another Sceptre but this time it will be the 50"You Have To Love It
Review after 24 hours of use. This television stands up against the best brand names With picture. Poor sound quality but with surroundsound television Stands up against the best brand names Hands-down. Just add a good sound bar or surroundsound. Also recommend getting a three-year protection plan for 28 bucks Just to be safe.Great picture poor sound
Picked up this TV a couple of days ago. Simple setup and tons of inputs. Picture is great, no problems with sound at all considering some reviews mentioned it. So far I love it, and for the price you can't beat it!Very Nice!
Bought this on sale for cyber Monday and was so glad...for the money you can't beat a 40 inch tv for the price! I was worried I'd have to buy a stand but it came with one that attached to the TV for stability; and it was light enough for me to put it on a table/stand I was already using for my 26" tv. Very happy with the picture, sound, and overall product. Totally worth it if you want to get a larger tv and not spend the high dollar amounts for the top brands.Great buy
Excellent picture and sound. When buying a brand you have not heard of before, you always are wary. Walmart does not carry this TV in the store, only on-line. That also gave me reason to be concerned. Not to worry.As good as I hoped for
Just bought the 40" have had the 32" for almost two years now. Looks and works as good as day one.
-easy set up-Great picture -has all the input output jacks you would ever need-excellent price-the sound is the weakest point, it is Ok, I use surround sound so don't notice.

-You won't find a better price on an HD TV this size for about 18 months.Watched a Sceptre for last two years
This is a television for 1 of our bedrooms. It is perfect for us. Excellent quality. It was packaged well and the base was an easy install. I had the television out of the box and "up and going" in 15 minutes.Excellent
The picture quality of this tv is better than the "name brands" - Works well with Google Chromecast - plenty of connections. Highly recommended.owned one (1) year, Great Value TV - Very Pleased
This is qreat value and a great monitor ~
I am using this as a wall mounted video
display monitor /' HD TV and I appreciate the
ability to have the brilliant colors and HD resolution
qualities of this excellent TV / monitor.

From a PC monitoring standpoint, if you combine
this with high level video display Nvidia control panel
control functions, this is also an unbeatable high resolution
PC monitor.This is a great monitor
This is such a great tv for the price. has a beautiful picture and sound is fine, I don't see any problems yet. Most of the higher priced TVs only have 2 HDMI, I love that I have the extra one. Size is perfect as I have a small room, go for the larger if you have a big room.Love it!!!
Like everyone, its the reviews that guided me to make this purchase. I had never heard of Sceptre until coming across this deal and after reading a good amount of reviews, mostly good ones, I came to the conclusion this was a good set to swap out the ugly 85 pound 32" Sharp that was housed inside a very large armoire taking up entirely too much space.

I purchased a great looking oak TV stand and placed the new Sceptre atop that, and our room looks much bigger now. Best thing of all is I can give my eyes a break and see clearly on this LCD.Great TV made by a company I never heard of!
This was an inexpensive TV for the Rec. room. I was truly amazed at the clarity of the picture. The sound quality is better than the more expensive name brand HDTV I put in the bedroom. Set-up took less than 5 minutes. I recommend this HDTV to anyone that wants good quality on the cheap. Got mine at Wal-Mart.com & I recommend them too.Surpassed my expectations
Must admit I was hesitant on clicking submit when I purchased this tv because of the off-brand!
The only complaint I have is it did not come with mounting screws. I have a wall mount and had to go to hardware store to get the needed screws for mounting but they do tell you the size, M6x10 if you need them.
I did not have hd on the tv and at first hated the color and was going to take it back. I then hooked the hd to it with hdmi cable and wow, I have never seen anything like it. I am still in awe and love the product....
If you are not going to hook HD and use an hdmi cable I do not recommend this but other wise an A+Pleasantly Surprised
I was leery about buying a "no name brand", but after reading the favorable reviews I decided to buy. The picture quality is great & the sound is very good. You can't get a better TV for the $.
Minor complaint is that my Direct TV remote can't read the code tv so I have to use the Sceptre remote to turn the TV on & off, and adjust the volume - still a great buy.Great Buy
I read a lot of the reviews on this TV before i bought it.
Bought it for the bedroom,the picture is just as good as
my 47" Vizio i have in my living room.A lot of people say
the sound is not very good, but the sound is good on
mine for what i use it for.Some of the reviews say their
TV went out in a few day's or week's.I think all TV brands
have some that are bad from the get go.I just hope if i
got a bad one it goes out before the 90 day return policy
ends,because i think in one of the reviews a lady's TV went
out after the 90 day's,and she had to pay about $150.00
to ship it to Sceptre to have it fixed.I am going to buy the
3 year extended warranty before the 90 day's are up.
The Vzio TV i have went out a little after 90 day's and
Vizio sent a repair man to my house to fix it.I called Sceptre
before i bought the TV and they said they would not send
a repair man if it went out, that i would have to ship it to
them to fix it.So for the low price of this TV i decided to take
a chance and buy it.Hope this helps someone.Great TV for a low price
I bought this Tv a few weeks ago an the Pros an Cons well its all Pros! maybe they could have made one with 3D but that would up the price a bit, but the picture quality is perfect! I paid $336 with tax an i picked it up at the store with in 2 days. playing my PS2 on it the picture is ok they do make adapters to go from analog or component to HDMI to get at least 480 to 720 or even 1080 but i haven't ordered it yet. I do plan on getting a PS3 soon with the G27 Logitech wheel with the GT5 racing game, looks like Walmart has good deals on those to. My TV is on 24-7 just about so i hope it stands up to the test of time. you can pay a few dollars more an get the 42" witch i sorta wish i did but, this is perdy big TV. i will buy another Sceptre in the future with deals like this ya can't go wrong. playing Blu-Ray on here the picture is nice an crisp! I had my friends over to watch a Nascar race an they couldn't believe how much i paid for this,they have an LED an a Plasma they paid 5 times more an this picture is just as good as theirs. you don't have to buy a high dollar HDMI cable to have a nice picture!Buy This TV!
IT WAS WORTH EVERY PENNY I SPENT. PERFECT SIZE FOR THE ROOM IT IS IN. NICE PICTURE, GOOD SOUND, AND EASY TO SETUP.TV
I bought this TV as a graduation gift for my 9 yr old son. He originally had a 32 in flat and it was definitley time to upgrade him (and keep him out of my room). The set is well worth the price, picture quality is superb and the sound surpassed my expectations. Like other reveiwers mentioned, there is a dead pixel right in the bottom corner of the screen that is barely noticeable unless the screen is blank. The dead pixel is like a faded white dot the size of an inkpen top. Anyway not worth returning for this-this tv looks just as good as our Vizio and LG. Other than that the TV is fabulous and looks very sleek, easy to set up and again, well worth every bit of $350 for 40 inches of 1080p resolution! DEFINITELY RECOMMENDED!Great Buy!
Good picture. Good hd. Lightweight. USB port. AwesomeGreat tv
I love my new TV. The value is terrific and when I use the HDMI cables
I get a picture that is so bright and clear I can even read all the small print
in the ads.Great picture at a terrific price!
This is my first digital TV.
I prefer to purchase products reviewed by the well-known Consumer magazine and not waste my money on unknown and untested items.
However, I didn't want to spend much $$ for a TV, so I was stuck. I read the on-line reviews on the Sceptre 40" and figured (hoped) 800+ people couldn't be wrong. They weren't! It was a good choice. Very pleased. So much so, my Dad bought one too (at my urging). Very good TV for the $. Haven't tried out any of the extra outlets in the back so I have no opinion on those.From skeptical to Happy
Got this TV for my husband as an early Christmas present. We have had it up and running for two weeks now and it has been great! It was replacing an old Sony flat screen (not flat panel) that weighed a bazillion pounds and had started having sound and color issues. I was slightly skeptical about getting an "off brand" TV, but was convinced by the other positive reviews and the great price to give it a shot. Picture is perfect, especially on the HD channels and the sound is perfect for us. 40" screen look gigantic in our living room (1200 sqft house), but after a few days we totally adjusted and love it, love it, love it!

I managed to get our cable box remote (Mediacom / Motorola remote) to turn the TV on and off and to control the volume, but have to use the TV remote to change the input or adjust the color or aspect. Wii works perfectly with it and Netflix stream looks good. Could not be happier with the TV or the site to store process. Thanks, Walmart!Hberry
Basically got it for my 94 year old Mother who is hard of hearing. I put it in the kitchen as our old CRT did not have closed caption. This is a beautiful picture. good sound. She thinks it's GREAT now she can understand what she can't hear. It even has a better picture than the big name brand I put in her bedroom. The rest of the family loves it too. Everyone should have a 40" TV in their kitchen. LOL. Great value!Excellent
I love the picture quality on this TV! And I was pleasantly surprised that the sound quality is very good as well. It is very light weight and was easy to mount on the wall--especially for such a large TV. I love that I can hook up a mini HDMI plug to my smart-phone and another to the TV and watch Netflix or anything else! The only slight disappointment is the remote control which has to be pointed to one or two particular spots to get it to work.Great inexpensive flat screen TV!
I purchased this 40" sceptre HDTV and it works perfect, great picture, sound is good, and the price was the best part, its half what u pay for the popular brands, and the picture is perfect, so go buy one, Im happy I did, and Happy New Year!excellent hdtv
I have only had for 2 days and i think this tv is awesome. I have a vizio which cost more and i believe its a very good tv also but i believe this tv for the value is better. very pleasedgreat buy
Its amazing how they can offer a TV with high quality features at such a low price. This
is my 4th Sceptre product and have never had a problem with any of them. The picture
in 1080p is amazing, have a sound bar hooked up, so sound its great. All functions work
great, Have a computer, Roku and a blu-ray hooked up through the HDMI ports The USB port works for media which its nice to stream photos on the screen. Just impressed with such a low
cost and great quality. Yes, I would recommend this to a friend.A great buy
Well, I did read many of the reviews and gave special attention to the low reviews. This is a generic brand and sometimes people might receive a defective product, but, most people don't as the numbers were on my side. The good reviews far outnumber the bad and I did look up reviews from other sites too. This is big bang for your buck! The only real downsides are that the remote has to be pointed to the right side of the TV to work and the sound isn't great. The sound is ok, but honestly how much awesome sound are you really expecting to get from a TV? I have my PC, Playstation 3 and Digital antenna connected to the TV and get a pretty nice picture. For any asking, it has HDMI, VGA (The blue computer monitor plug), coaxial cable and USB. You just can't beat this value unless you live in LA.

So, to sum it up, get it! If you're looking for a great value, this is the way to go. I will also note that I saw some complaints that the product died after 18-36 months. For those people, you might wanna keep in mind that these TV's do not have the life expectancy of tube TV's and only have an average of 2 years life under nominal usage and that goes for all brands. Some may get lucky and they last longer, but just keep that in mind. If you don't use it that much, it will last longer depending on your usage.Great value!!
We bought this to replace a 27" analog television. The analog channels on cable look good but the digital channel look great. Easy to set up and hook up. The bass side of the sound is weak but still sounds good enough.Great TV for the man cave
This TV is an excellent bargain. The picture is crystal clear. The TV is light in weight and easy to move, if needed. The ONLY thing that I am not thrilled with is the sound. Just as any other flat screen; the sound comes out of the back. The sound is not great; but it will do. However, I purchased a sound bar that completes this package for me. I did extensive research on the Sceptre brand and was pleasently surprised at what I learned. I suggest you do the same and you may also take advantage of the deals on Sceptre brand TVs.Excellent Bargain
Video Quality:

I simply don't understand why the original Wii and the GameCube look better on this 40" TV than on my 21.5" AOC TV. (Both TVs are 1080p while the Nintendo systems offer 480p resolution). I was playing Super Smash Bros. Melee 2 days ago (in progressive scan through the Wii), and I was AMAZED at the quality! It didn't feel much like I was playing a standard definition game!

As for the Wii U and Xbox 360 (on 1080p), they look great, too, as expected!

Both my PC and laptop, though, look like they were connected with a VGA rather than the HDMI cables I was using. But for the price of this television, I can't complain! Besides, I use my computers to watch movies on this TV, and videos look wonderful on it!

Audio Quality:

I wasn't using the audio from the TV since I thought it was going to be awful (since I'm used to smaller flat screens having terrible sound quality), but I unintentionally noticed that the sound is actually pretty good! I don't need to connect the audio jacks to my PC's speakers anymore!

Personal dislikes:

It has no S-Video input that I would've liked using for the SNES, N64 or GameCube. Also, there is no option to adjust the saturation. Personally, the picture could use more saturation. But, like I said, the price is just too amazing and I wouldn't trade this TV for a "better one" for over $100 extra.Better than expected
Very happy with this purchase. good buy, quick shipping, lightweight, as a senior I was able to lift
this TV myself onto a high chest of drawers. very easy setup. all I had to do was lower the brightness a bit to get a beautiful picture. Highly recommend !!Great Purchase
I bought this TV and I am not at all tech-savvy. However, my daughter and I had it completely hooked up and working in less than 15 minutes, with the Wii hooked up to it and all. The picture is great. The extra features are really easy to use -- as in, adjusting the picture quality, switching from TV mode to game-play mode or hooking up the computer to the TV.

Here's a great hint for you if you try to synchronize your cable remote to this TV: Don't use the Sceptre code! USE THE SONY TV CODE TO SYNCHRONIZE YOUR REMOTE.Great TV for a fantastIc price
TV is a wonderful price and the picture is awesome.good as a sony
My mom had just purchased this tv as an early christmas present and moving to an HDTV has been the best christmas present for the family we have EVER done! It's so crazy being able to see all the words so clearly on Netflix and Video games! Some may argue that the picture/sound quality may not be the best, but it has been amazing so far--all 40" of it! We haven't even touched the volume yet and it gave me a headache earlier from how loud it was--fyi to those parents who have kids playing shooting games: tell them to turn it down to spare everyone from constant gunfire and explosions lol!
We also haven't messed with any of the features yet that's why it was only a one star--if I would've known I wouldn't have gave it a five at the beginning lol, but the brightness could be tweaked a bit. Nothing else should really be touched unless it's personal preference.
So kudos to Mom this year for the best early Christmas present! <3May be silly, but not even a day and it's amazing!
It is a very good TV set. Image quality is good. So far I have used it for several weeks for kids watching program from PC, playing games and watching DVDs.
The sound is kind of lack of bass. I plan to hook up a sound bar to the TV.
Overall, I am pleased with the performance of the TV. It is a great deal.Very good TV set
this is realy a great tv for the price only 60hrtz but overall picture is very good this tv is made by hitachi i sugest site to store or overnited.Great tv for the price
Good picture and sound. Great buy in this price range.Great quality for the price.
great tv for value never gave me an issue for 3 years had to recently get replacement because lightning storm fried out tv but other than that never gave me an issuegood price
Do not pay attention to the people that wrote all that bad stuff, just works fine.orks just fine
Bright clean, fresh color, solid sound. As mentioned by other reviewers, there is a static hum in the back ground, which is annoying. If you have a cable box, the problem can be resolved by lowering the volume on the TV to about 25%, which takes out most of the humming sound. Then raise the volume on the DVR box to full. Plenty of sound without the annoying static.Nice TV, minor problem
This tv looks just as good as the name brands but without the name brand price. Love the size and the tv looks great. I loved the price even more lol.Really great bargain for the price
Black Friday purchase at fantastic price. I was leery about purchasing it , however, as I was unfamiliar with the Sceptre brand. I could not be more satisfied with this purchase. Ordered on Friday, received on Monday....set up in 15 minutes. I don't understand the complaints about the sound system as I have absolutely no audio problems as long as you don't overload ths speakers. It supports all of my components, Wii, stereo receiver,dvd player, computer, cable and satellite connections, as well as all of my USB connections. The picture is crisp and sharp with HDTV cables, the colors are deep and rich. The refresh rate is more than adequate when watching fast moving sporting events.....had a great football watching season....now waiting on the Super game. The screen size is absolutely perfect for my bedroom and allows me the luxury of falling asleep watching my favorite programs and then turning itself off at the preset time contributing to its low cost of operation. Unless you need a really highend Smart tv, this is a wonderful set to own.Great TV......Super features....Wonderful picture
I m very satisfied with this product. Everything meets my expectations except for one little
problem. I don't believe this is the sets problem but, I cannot control the on/off and volume
with my cable company's remote. Even the cable company hasn't been able to do it. None of
the codes work. So, I have to use both remotes while watching tv.Best price ever
It was one of the cheapest model at the time. I am using it as a computer monitor, didn't need any fancy functions. Picture quality was so-so but good for the price. It actually broke after a few weeks but Sceptre was quick to repair it for me. I dropped it off at their warehouse since I lived close by. Picked it up in a few hours. Been working fine since.budget tv monitor
The picture quality is excellent. I watch HD tv, BluRay movies and play PS3 with this tv. Everything is great except the sound. Honestly, I got more than I expected for a 40" tv under $350. If you have a nice sound system just play sound through it. The factory speakers in this tv are poor. There is hardly any bass. Although there are sound adjustment options, the speaker quality will never let good sound out. Other than the sound quality, I give this tv two thumbs up. Buy it, you'll like it.great tv except for sound
The shipment was pretty fast. I ordered it on Thursday and they delivered on Saturday with free shipping. The TV is good. Some one complained the sound is too low but I don't have the problem. The color is sharp but maybe a little too bright. Overall, it's a good purchase. Hopefully, it can last for a long time.great purchase from walmart
I've had a Specter computer monitor for a few years so had confidence that they knew their stuff. The TV arrived a week early and was very easy to set up and start programming my analog and digital channels that COX includes free (local stations and some miscellaneous). I was surprised to see no digital stations recognized as it went through its channel search!

Well, sure enough, in the fine print of the manual it states it doesn't have a QAM tuner, but some hybrid that doesn't get the digital channels. Bummer, was looking forward to watching football broadcast locally in crisp HD.!

That being said, the TV is decent, love the swivel base, and I will keep it and can use with an external HD source, plus have a VIZIO that does get the local HD programming fine. I'd recommend it but with the caveat regarding the tuner.Does not have true QAM tuner, doesn't get free HD
Purchased 2 of these for Christmas gifts for my daughters and their families. They both love them, the tv has a very clear picture. The only thing my one daughter said it needs to go a bit louder for their preference.Good little purchase
Didn't know what to expect. delivered in 1 week. easy open, easy setup and great picture and sound. everything I was hoping for.great buy
Fantastic picture and looks great.QueenYaYa
I just got this T.V. a few days ago. A little concerned since this is not a name brand, but Vizo was also viewed as no name at one point. Just to be on the safe side I got the service plan with it. Fairly easy to set up. I don't have cable or satelite service so I get all my channels over the air. On the HD shows the picture is GREAT. I like to watch Jeopardy the picture is so good it looks like you are on the set as for the regular programs or sub channels not so much, but this is not the TVs fault. Dvd movies with the hdmi hook up are as good if not better than the theater. Before I purchased this item I looked at the reviews and saw a common concern about the sound quality. It scared me so much that I went ahead and ordered some computer speakers (2.1) for when the TV showed up. I am no expert sound tech., but to me these concerns are a nonfactor. I use the computer speakers only becuase I already purchased them, otherwise the speakers on the TV sounded good to me. Are there better TVs out there? Yes , but for $299 I dont think you can go wrong.A Great Buy!
I needed to purchase multiple televisions on a fixed budget. The satelite tv vendor recommended this brand stating he had installed them in the past and the picture quality was good for the inexpensive price. I took a chance and purchased three televions and so far have been happy with all three. Have already recommended this brand and Walmart to a friend.Worth the money
Overall I'd say it was a good buy. For the price I wasn't expecting to be blown away with it's quality but after having it for a couple of weeks I must admit that I am pleasantly surprised. The picture does well considering it's a 40" screen with only a 60Hz refresh rate. It's just a bedroom unit so we didn't need anything spectacular. If your going to be watching a lot of fast moving (sports, action movies, etc.) movies shows then you will notice the slight lag of the 60Hz refresh rate and should step down to no bigger then a 37".You get a little better then you pay for
The reviews were good and the price was great so I went for it, even though the brand is pretty unknown other than in the world of pc monitors. It seemed that either the majority of people think it's great or had a problem right away and were able to return it. Even so, with the price being what it was, I could throw in the 3 year warranty and still come in under $400, so that's what I did. Colors are dim unless you custom tune the color or set it on vivid. Picture is clear and menus are pretty straight forward. The remote is ok but could use a few more colors on the buttons to help differentiate between functions. We use it as a TV in the rec room for use with a Wii and light TV viewing. The plug ins in the back are a little awkward in that you have to plug things in upward into the jacks instead of straight in on most tvs, but are marked pretty clearly. Overall, for what it is, it's a great bargain!Can't be beat for the price- so far...
I wasn't expecting a whole lot out of a 40-inch TV for $298. Have had the Sceptre now for 3 months and am well satisfied, perhaps because it's my first large TV. One pixel always burns red, but it's in the lower left part of the screen, and is often out-of-frame, rarely noticeable. (Sceptre website states that up to five such pixels are acceptable and not considered a defect, though I wouldn't like having that many!)

The TV also works great with my Macbook, as a monitor, using a mini-DVI to HDMI adapter. The sound sometimes modulates, probably something to do with auto-balancing, but it's not extreme, and overall the sound is pretty good. When I'm watching movies, I just route the sound out to my stereo system, which is excellent. I was very happy with the assortment of ports on the back of the TV, and also with their arrangement.

The remote control is a bit over-the-top and the button-labels are impossible to read in the dark. **I HIGHLY recommend that you make a photocopy of the remote when it's new, so that later in life you can refer to it if the button labels wear down.** The owner's manual is comprehensive.

NOTE FOR OVER-THE-AIR TUNING: I do not have cable TV, and use an antenna. During your initial setup, be sure you have the TV's tuner set to "AIR" when you scan, otherwise you will not find any broadcast channels!

Overall, I am satisfied with this purchase. If the TV lasts 2 years, I will consider it to have been an excellent value at a pro-rated cost of $3 per week. I spend more on my morning cup of coffee.Good Picture, Sound, & Value, One Dead Pixel
There are multiple bleed thru holes in the screen, very annoying during dark scenes. Some are green and some are red. I'm waiting to see if they multiply.A good TV for the price.
Great TV for the price. We got the low price off brand for my husbands man cave, exactly what we were looking for. Not a bad TV:)SCEPTRE X405BV-FHDR 40" LED Class 1080P HDTV
Just right not to bulky , light excellent picture so slim though easy to hook up . Just right for my 17 year old sonpicture quality is everything loving it
Dark scenes are too dark, and the sound bar is definitely needed for better sound, even for volume. Good little TV for the price.40" Sceptre TV
Purchased this in August, it broke by the day after Black Friday. I'm now having to see about getting it Warrantied. The bad thing is I didn't overuse it, and I took great care of it and it still only lasted only 3 months.

Picture was excellent when it worked. Audio wasn't that good, often sounded awkward during heavy bass segments. Would suggest external audio.

Hopefully I won't be out of pocket much on the shipment back and such and hopefully it'll last longer this time.Good while it lasted..
Had 2 stuck pixels fresh out of the box. Too bad, as the rest of the picture looked great, and represented a good value if that werent the case. Wallmart was great about returning it to the store, no problems. I later ordered a Hanspree tv from them instead.Had to return it
I got this TV on sunday May15th and today May17th it will not turn on or show a picture..DO NOT BUY this TV. pay the extra and get something else!!Sceptre 40"
Good price, but right out of the box it had a few very conspicuous dead pixels. Will exchange and update upon its replacement...Dead Pixels
I purchased the TV on line, I was only able to turn the TV on twice the three weeks I had it. It took 10 days for the cable company to come out and install my cable so I had no reason to take the tv out the box prior to that day. When I finally did, the tv came on after the 3rd attempt that day, I was able to set up the channels, I turned the tv off, and it never came back on for two days. When the tv was turned off again it never came back on. I am willing to believe and hope that it was just defected, but it would not come on manually or with the remote controller provided. Needless to say I had to return the tv back to the store. I did not have a problem returning it thank goodness. It took so long to return it because I could not locate my receipt, when I finally did locate the print out I was told that I could take it back from the site to store location and through the order # they would be able to pull it up in the system at that store.
I have not fully given up hope in walmart.com as their prices are lower than in store. So I am going to try this once again.
Wish me luck!!!I never got the chance to use the TV
It was a good tv for about 3 weeks. Value was good for the size. It has great sound, but I've only had it for 3 weeks and I tried to turn it on last night and the sound works but the picture won't show. Just a heads up. I may just have a defective one but shall see when I try and get a new one.3 weeks
I bought this because I saw mostly favorable reviews and the price was great - a 40" tv for 317.00? Wow! But sometimes it is true that you get what you pay for. I did not have HD service but when I saw how bad the Sceptre's picture quality, I figured I needed to upgrade. I did, and the HD channels were much better. However, all the other channels were really poor picture quality..looking through glass covered with vaseline quality. I returned it and spent $70 dollars more and got a slightly smaller 37" Vizio and am very happy now..all the channels look great on a Vizio. Summary: spend a little more and get better quality..sometimes size isn't everything.......Great price, poor quality..not worth it!
Had this TV 35 days and then zap. Called Tech support and they said the main board had gone out and I would have to send it back for repairs! Thank goodness I had bought the warranty and returned to the store I did!!!!AWFUL!!
The TV looked like a great deal online, so I ordered it. A few hours after we hooked it up, the screen went blank and nothing we did could bring it back online. We tried to call the service line for 2 days and got nothing but recordings...very frustrating.TV stopped working 6 hrs after it came out of box
In 3 days I changed the cables moved the TV to another room and it was still blotchy and had ghosts. Poorest picture I have ever seen.POOR PICTURE
We were quite happy with this tv at first. However, it didn't last us. Two reasons:
1. The remote control malfunctioned. Tried replacing batteries...didn't work. Held it up to a webcam on computer to "see" the lights and after pressing a button, the "lights" would stay on. When this happened, we tried operating the tv via the tv buttons (no remote). This leads us to problem #2...

2. The tv buttons stopped working. "Volume Up" would change the source. "Volume Down" would turn the tv off. The Power Button only turned the tv on approximately 1/20 tries. The "source" button would only change sources sometimes.

In short...not a happy camper. I get that electronics don't last forever, however, a tv should last more than 13 months...1 month past its warranty...perfectly planned.TV Died After 13 months (1 month past warranty)
I bought this TV last Christmas for myself and it was going to replace a Samsung 32" in my bedroom. A few weeks of use, started noticing the audio would not work. Tried different things, finally plugged it into the HDMI 2 port, worked for a while there then few months later, that port is bad and so on all the way to port 3. Just today, again it went out, tried to switching to another port but no luck, this time I think it's out for good, I had bought a cheap brand before i.e. Olivia from Best Buy, its still being used after 7 years without any issues, I would never buy this brand from Walmart again.Worst quality I've seen in a while
After 2 days of working just fine, this TV shut itself off and refused to turn back on, no matter how much troubleshooting I performed. To make matters worse, the Sceptre customer service rep was beyond rude, and after inferring that i was inept at technology and following instructions, told me "Fine, just return it then. You clearly aren't understanding what I'm trying to tell you." Turns out, this is a pretty common problem with these TVs, and had nothing to do with user error...DO NOT BUY.
It look really great but i hook up my xbox and usb hard-drive and it wasnt working. None of the ports was recognizing at the back. I was really disappointed. shipped it back and i will never buy a TV online again especially not an sceptre brandPorts on the back :(
We ended up with a defective tv, huge green line down the middle of the screen and a huge black stripe across the top, it was a good price, now I see why!Returned
The picture had poor color and far from clear. 800 help line told me I had to have HD service from Direct TV. I took it back to Walmart and bought a Vizio and it works great without HD.Picture quality was very poor.
We really enjoyed this TV, but after only 1 year 4 months there was no picture or sound, it completely broke down.great until it broke down after 1 year 4 months
Never got to use it. Screen was cracked and pushed in right out the box. Took it back to local Wal-Mart and got refund. This item is not sold in Wal-Mart stores so I won't take another chance on freight carrier damage.D.O.A.
This product was nothing but trouble. I probably just got a lemon and they aren't all as bad as mine was. The first night I had the set, I couldn't get the picture to look right. The colors were off. People looked pale and the picture wasn't what I was expecting. It was disappointing. The second night, I was watching tv when all of a sudden, the tv shut off and then came right back on. This happened three times. After the third time, the set wouldn't turn back on. I unplugged it and plugged it back in and it came on for a couple of minutes, then died again. One more try and it worked for about one minute and died again. Then it wouldn't come back on at all.

I called Sceptre customer service two hours before they close for the day. I left a message with my name, number and brief description of what happened. They never called back. I called again five minutes before they closed, left another message, and they never called back. The next day, they still didn't respond to my calls.

I returned the unit to my local Walmart store. I ended up purchasing a different set from another store. Walmart was great. From ordering online to the shipping to the return process, it was all very smooth and easy. But I will never buy another Sceptre product as long as I live.A real lemon and poor customer service.
We got this tv as a gift, showed up with a busted remote. (physically damaged remote). After about a day or so, the sound went completely out.

Overall, the picture was decent, and you get what you pay for, but just the fact that was broken.Broke after a day
Thought this was a great deal! ORDERED online while doing chemo and was super excited didn't open for 6 months since I was under goin treatment and wasn't in a place needing a tv... After I opening it it worked for 1 year... and decided to not work any more... call me.crazy but just because you get a good deal doesn't mean it should only last a year!40 inch tv
I PURCHASED TWO OF THESE TVS BOTH WERE DEFECTIVE. SO THEN I RECEIVED THE REPLACEMENT TVS, OPENED ONE BOX THAT ONE WAS DEFECTIVE AS WELL. (I DIDN'T EVEN BOTHER TO OPEN THE OTHER.) I SENT ALL 4 OF THEM BACK!!! I'M ACTUALLY GLAD THIS HAPPENED SO I DON'T HAVE TO WORRY ABOUT PROBLEMS IN THE LONG RUN. MY RECOMMENDATION IS TO PUT A FEW MORE DOLLARS INTO ANOTHER TV. THIS TELEVISION IS BEYOND POOR QUALITY!THIS HAS TO BE THE WORST TV ON THE MARKET!
I usually read all reviews before buying a product, that's the reason I'm writing this review. This TV's picture is horrible. I have a Vizio 37'' 720p from 2007 that has a better picture than this Sceptre 40'' 1080p!
Not only the cable picture was very bad, but also the blu-ray!
After 2 days of the purchase, I returned the TV and exchanged it for a Vizio 37'' 1080p.Don't buy it
Factory defect? Returned and resold ? Not sure. Almost NO sound. Picked up in Durango over 60 miles one way and then returned. 240 miles and alot of gas!Factory defect? Returned item resold? Not sure.
I bought this television on December 6, 2012 and as of right now (Jan 23rd to be exact) the TV is inoperable. All last month it flickered, came on when it felt like it but now the screen will not come on and I have no television. Thank God it was on sale when I bought it but I still didn't want to buy a TV that was not designed to last. I'll stick to name brand products.Worked for 13.5 months
Worth the price...made by Hitachi for those who are particular on brand namesThe TV is made by Hitachi...........
This TV is excellent for the price! I don't have any problems with the sound like some people mentioned and I think it sounds fine. The picture quality isn't perfect compared to another tv we have but it really isn't that bad and there are so many options to adjust picture and sound qualities. Shipment to store was quick and easy and got there a week sooner than expected. The outside of the television doesn't look cheap or anything either and will look nice on the wall.Great for the price!
I had never before bought a SCEPTRE TV, but am I ever glad I did - this is about the best value, greatest picture and sound quality, just a joy to watch. Extremely happy with my purchase!EXCEEDED ALL EXPECTATIONS!!!!
this tv is excellent...when i arrived to the store to pick it up with my husband, when he looked at the size of the box and the $380 price tag (including tax), he thought i made up the whole thing and really had some rich boyfriend buy me a $1000 tv...lol...i love the picture, the quality and all...i do have one really big regret and that is that i waited about a month to purchase because it has gradually dropped about ten bucks off the ticket price every week since i brought it a month ago...i know walmart is probably getting ready for black friday and all...i would have said 40 bucks if i brought today and not last month...do i regret 380, NO WAY...do i wish i waited, yes i do...but how would anyone know?...i'm so impressed with my tv, that i'm going to give this 40 inch to my daughter for christmas and even go with a bigger screen for me....i wish sceptre came bigger than a 46 inch...i may have to go with another brand to get a 60 inch and i hope and pray i am just as content as i am with this....way to go walmart and sceptre!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!i love my 40 inch sceptre!!!!
Great buy for the price, great pictureI love it
The screws associated with this products does not fit, they were to short to make the conncetions. I had to go too hardware store and purchased 1/2 longer screws to assemble. Once completed, (about two weeks later) thats how long it took to find the correct screws, IT'S THE BEST PICTURE & VALUE.short screws
LIKE THE TV THUS FAR, HOWEVER IF YOU WANT TO HOOK UP A HOME THEATER SYSTEM, YOU HAVE TO GO THROUGH A CABLE BOX THAT HAS THE OPTICAL OPTION OR YOU HAVE TO KEEP UNHOOKING THE DVD PLAYER IN ORDER TO USE THE RED, YELLOW, AND WHITE WIRING, SO THAT YOU CAN ENJOY THE THEATER SYSTEM EVEN WHEN YOUR NOT WATCHING A DVD MOVIE. HOPE I MADE THIS PLAIN ENOUGH! IN OTHER WORDS, THE TV ITSELF DOESN'T HAVE AN OPTICAL DIGITAL INPUT OPTION IN THE BACK LIKE MY 42INCH LG PLASMA.GREAT BUY IF YOUR NOT WANTING TO DO TOO MUCH!
just wasnt as flat as i thought. But other than that great tv!Great tv for a beginner
Pros - low cost for a large tv, very nice picture quality, multiple plugs and menu options, connects to a pc!
Cons - terrible sound quality (suggest connecting a sound system), fragile/almost flimsy plastic tv stand base (be VERY careful)Not great, but decent overall
I ordered on line and had it delivered, so not really sure it was the delivery people or the company. Anyway, got the TV and set up. I immediately noticed a green vertical line on the picture screen. After reading manual on and off trying to troubleshoot, called/emailed company with no help.

They offered to send me another in 5-7 business days and pick this one up.

Well, who wants to wait again after waiting? So, I went to Wal-Mart, which did not carry the brand in store, got a refund and got another brand. Ugg...The new brand seems to be working very well.

Lesson learned - never order a TV or other electronic device on line to be deliver!Not really sure!
The tv looks good but the sound flucuates all the time from loud to soft all by itself.Its ok
I gout it for $300+tax from Walmart.com site to store - it came in about a week ; pretty quick I would say.
The assembly is easy and the picture looks good but in my case it worked 5 hours! Now the picture has a shadow like halo and it shakes vigorously.
I have to now take it back, what a bother :(Works great for 5 hours! Never buy this product!
This TV lasted 3 weeks before all sound went out. Only positive thing I can say is that there was no problem with refund.Good product if in need of a temp. TV.
Ordered this ship to store since they do not carry this in stock. Finally get it home today and plug it in. Nothing. It will power on and you get the Sceptre on the screen then it goes black. No input or menu. Called the tech support and told them the problem. His solution was just return it. Won't be buying this brand again.Doesn't work
i was so happy when i bought this TV. When i hooked it up i had the biggest grin. The sound was good and the quality was AMAZING!!! this was so clear it looked fake. I was so happy for 2 weeks. Then out of know where the TV just got a bunch of colors on the screen and you couldn't see anything.i'm so sad words can not explain. but i should have listened and bought something more reliable.DONT MAKE THE SAME MISTAKE I DID.
You get what you pay for. I have never seen such horrible picture quality. Looks like a cheap cell phone video blown up to fit the screen. I didn't expect pristine quality for this price, but this isn't watchable. I would rather stare at the wall. Only good thing is walmart let me return with no hassle. This was a horrible waste of time. Spend the extra couple hundred bucks and get a good brand. But not Toshiba, their product will fail 1 month past warranty and will not stand by their product. This is the reason I bought this tv. I figure if tvs are disposable, I would get the cheapest one I could buy. For just a little more, I got a Visio. Very good product. Would rate that 5 stars. That you for your time reading this, and I hope I helped someone make an informed decision.Please don't buy, save your time.
Bought two 32 inch Scepters for bedrooms and loved them so much bought this 40 inch for the garage. Both 32 inch Scepters went dead within two years. Have a feeling the only reason the 40 inch hasn't is because it is barely used. If you don't mind replacing it in two years, it is a nice tv for the price.Expect to replace in 2 years
Longer than 13 months. It worked well when it worked but died after 13 months. Poor value.Great TV. Now all they have to do is make it last
I HAVE OWNED MY SCEPTRE 40" JUST SHY OF 2 YEARS, AND ITS BROKE AGAIN. DO NOT BUY THIS TV. YOU WILL GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR!!! IT'S A PIECE OF JUNK. GO AHEAD AND SPEND THE EXTRA MONEY AND BUY A BETTER QUALITY TV.JUNK
Seeing the reviews I was convinced that I purchased a good TV. On the bright side of it, it had a good picture quality and SRS sound. I could easily use the VGA feature for PC to TV and could listen to my Ipod songs. The sound quality was also very good. But the TV was fine for the first one week. On the 7th day it just won't turn ON. I had no option other than to return it and go for another brand. Highly disappointedDisappointed.
I set up this 40" Sceptre, and it looked ok for about an hour. Then the picture washed out with all kinds of ghosts, etc. I checked the signal and connections - no luck. Packed it up and returned it to Walmart with no problems. Got a 40" Phillips, and it is great so far.Faulty picture, returned it.
I loved this tv when I bought on cyber Monday for 269. I was thrilled! 2 days ago a line appeared on the tv. I am so disappointed! Now I have to return it. I am so sad because it was my hubby's Christmas gift. It was a great tv well worth the money if that hadn't happened. If not i would sing this Tv's praises. Picture, sound, etc... Was excellent. Just the line sucks. Only had it 10 days.Line on tv
Screen went dark the first day.Not a good experience
this television arrived on Monday and was being repackaged on Tuesday night. it worked great for the almost 28 hours of ownership. great picture, decent sound. the picture never came back on after shutting the tv off on Tuesday afternoon. I was able to turn the channel and hear clearly what was on but was not able too see it.i can hear it but...i cant see it
I purchased this TV in February of 2013 for my mom and now it isn't working!!!! After a year and a half my tv should still be working! I've never had any issues with other brands I've bought in the past. I paid $298 plus taxes/shipping. In order to get it fixed I'll be paying more than what the tv is worth. I'm disgusted that the actual company isn't nice when contacted and all they are after is money. If I had known or thought this tv would have gone out I would never have bought it. I went off of the reviews and they all seemed good at that time. I just want everyone considering to buy this tv because it's a good price to reconsider because it is a TERRIBLE TV. DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY AND DONT BOTHER LOOKING ANY FURTHER!!! Horrible tv and horrible company!!!! I enjoyed this tv while it worked and loved the picture but now I'm very upset and sad that they company isn't even being sincere about my issues or anything.Disgusted by the company
My husband installed the new wall mount for this TV & got the TV mounted. It looks great & has a nice picture but NO sound. Straight out of the box -- no sound. Husband returned it to Walmart. They don't carry this brand in store so they gave us a refund with no hassle.DISAPPOINTED
TV has no coaxial cable connection: so if you are using HDMI or DVI, this TV is fine, but cannot use it with coaxial cable. They say that they will mail us one, but I would rather have TV arrive complete as it is.Beware: no coaxial cable connection
got this tv home. hooked it up, worked just fine for about a hour. turned it off that was the end of this tv. would not turn back on. called tech support, the guy had me unplug it hold down the power button then plug it back in. still nothing. took it back to wal mart and bought a name brand.this tv is junk
Everything was perfect, until it shut itself off and there is no power going to it after 2 days of use!Great when it worked.
The picture was so terrible that it gave me headaches to look at games and movies displayed on this television. It was essentially worthless as a television. It did have excellent sound and play music from my USB drive. In other words, I returned it.Best radio I ever bought.
I'm so confused by all the positive reviews this thing is getting, I'd give this negative stars if I could. This is literally the worst experience I've ever had with something like this. I suppose I'm the only one who has had a bad experience with this item.

I had this delivered as a rush to my home and paid $30.00 for shipping. I received the TV on time, but when I put it together and set it up, the TV did not work. I was able to turn it on using both the remote control and the television set itself, but that is the extent of what I could do. After I unplugged the set for 15 minutes (As indicated in the Trouble Shooting section of the user manual), I was able to turn the TV on again, but then it would automatically shut off seconds after it powered on.

I immediately called the Customer Service number on the user manual, hopeful that they could help me. Instead, I got to deal with the rudest CSP ever. I was the one with the defective product, if anyone should have been upset and inconvenienced, it should have been me! After I informed him that I had done what he suggested, he sighed, told me to just take it back, and then abruptly got off the line. Oookay.

I returned the TV to my local store and at least their employees were pleasant! I was able to get store credit for what I paid, though they said they would not refund the $30.00 shipping cost. I used that money to get a bigger TV that actually works, so I suppose it worked out for the best!Wow, what a disappointment!
I bought this TV after having a bad experience with an Element tv. This is a great tv for the price. The picture is clear and vibrant, but the sound could use a little improvement. It took me some getting used to as the sound sounds a little "far away" verse my old JVC. Overall, I love it!Very good!
love the tv was skeptical about it because I didnt know the brand but the picture is great and so far I havnt had any problems with it. And the site to store was quick and easy and i got it before the estimated arriva dateGreat TV for the price
The shipping of this television was quite slow -it took just about 2 weeks to arrive. It was worth waiting for.
The picture quality is outstanding and the setup went smoothly. If you were looking at the VIZIO's it is comparable to that quality we are not disappointed in this television. We did just get it but hopefully we will continue to enjoy for awhile. This was a good choice so far.EXCEEDED EXPECTATION
I was looking for a larger TV for our bedroom, but I didn't expect to find such a large screen for such a small price! Set up was a breeze and the sound and picture are exceptional.

Sceptre computer monitors have been respected for years and their TV's are Hitachi's value line. It's a quality product and not just a cheap brand to be scared of.

If you're setting it up with DirecTV, the remote code is 10000. Enjoy!!Best Bang for you Buck!
could not ask more for the money I paid, love the purchase!great tv for the money
I am very, very pleased with this purchase. Was reluctant to buy the off brand, but so glad I did. I bought the TV about a month ago and do not have any complaints at all. The only reason I gave a GOOD rating for picture was that I have seen some HDTVs that do have an EXCELLENT picture, but they also cost $250 or more than what I paid for this one. If there had been a VERY GOOD option I would have choosen it instead. The delivery was very fast and I had it out of the box and set up with my blu-ray player, the Wii, and digital convert box in less that 20 minutes...not bad for a girl, eh? I plan to buy a smaller Sceptre for my bedroom very soon.Love it!
I bought this TV on the Cyber Monday week. I only paid $320 for it! It is a really good buy, the TV was a little bigger than I expected. It has amazing 1080p quality, the sound is really good. On the Walmart website it just said that it comes with HDMIs inputs but the TV actually has 4 HDMI inputs, a USB input, a PC input and some other inputs that i don't even know that they are for lol. Really good high quality TV. I also have a 47" 1080p LG TV in the living room but this SCEPTRE TV has more features than my LG and it's a much cheaper brand, yet it is the same quality as LG and the other good TV brands out there. I would recommend this TV without a doubt, it's awesome.Better than expected!
How can you beat the price for this television? You can't. The only problem with the television is the remote is hard to see at night. I will put up with this for the price. Picture is great. I might buy another one.Can't beat the price
We'd been looking at getting a new TV for some time. This one was within our price range, a good size, and had lots of features (including the fact we can plug an MP3 player into the back and listen to music). Plus, being a new TV, we were able to buy a set of plain old rabbit ears and start receiving basic free TV again! Good times! ($10 rabbit ears from Lowes).Happy with our purchase
I purchased this item because of the reviews. It was great to find out it was everything I was looking for at an excellent price. The only problem I had was not with the TV, it was the online discription. It showed on the zoom the back of one TV and on the 360* a different back.Excellent TV At Any Price!
this television was a great deal at 348.00.my brother paid 3 times this price for a Sony and the
Sceptre tops it in features and picture quality.freeze frame a neat feature and set up was a breeze.
i was enjoying this TV in 20 minutes box to living room.best for price
This TV was a great deal!
It has a great picture, was easy to set up and get to watching!
Great picture, great sound, great price.
I can honestly say that I could not be any happier with this purchase. I was a bit hesitant to buy an off brand tv but for this price, who cares about the name? What matters most to me is the picture-and I can't imagine it being any better.

Only negative thing I can think of is that plugging in/out is hard. Plugs face down on the back of the tv and I'll have to turn it all the way around to switch to dvd/wii, etc... But still worth it.Great TV, Great Deal!
This TV is an excellent value for the money. Picture quality is excellent. Set-up was a breeze . Most comparable sets are far higher priced. Computer hookup was also a simple setup. I would recommend people snap these up before they are gone.Excellent Value!
nothing bad to say. The picture quality is great. The sound is good. I would definatly buy again.Love it
This television is everything you said it was and much more. The look is sleek and contemporary and the picture quality is equal to or better than the TOP brand names. I'm genuinely amazed at the high quality of this TV for the price. I bought it for the kids playroom and I've decided to keep it in the living room and move the older television into the playroom. If it lasts for a few years, it will be a phenomenal value.Great TV for the money
I'm very picky about the things I spend my money on, I took a chance with the price and I'm very please and so is my wife. If you need a good tv and you don't wanna spend or don't have that much money! This is a great value. ;)Great value for the money!
I did days and days of research before thhis purchase. I am 1000% pleased with it !!!!Great Television. Great price. I love it.
I got this TV right before Christmas for the price it is an excellent tv. Great picture and sound, easy set up. Really surprised at the quality for the price. Would recommend to anyone.Great Value
First of all, this TV was a great deal. Once I used it... oh man, great picture, easy to use set-up, gets lots of channels with my antenna... great TV. Only one draw back, there is no channel return... but I use it more for Netflix, Hulu Plus, DVD's and Blue Ray, and gaming... so I don't really care much about the channel return. I would strongly reccomend some sort of anchor for the TV especially if you have kids. My kid was hanging on it (like a monkey) and it would have tipped on him if I didn't have it anchored to the wall in back.Would definitely buy again
My husband and I bought this TV about a month ago in an effort to save money! Well we were a little skeptical about it at first because of the name and price. However, the TV arrived within a week and till this day we have absolutely no complaints. If you are looking to save money and want to make your money worthwhile, then this TV is what you are looking for. You will not be disappointed!LOVE IT! LOVE IT! LOVE IT!
sharp picture we only have a a antenna and the reception is great. blue ray is great. hd too on local channels.nice tv
Great picture, smooth remote and screen interface. Incredible value. I Did not expect this product to be as good as it is.better than expected, great interface
Honestly, I didn't expect a lot but it is a terrific value, only downside was where the plugins are located on the back and hard to find if you put tv on stand then try to plug stuff in. it was centered in the back and underneath but once you find the right spots and connect you are done. Not like I am going back there all the time. Picture quality is great and sound is good especially combined with my surround sound in my bedroom. Would recommend for bedroom or living room as it is big enough.Great product & super low price
Fantastic tv, especially for the price. I love the favorite channels feature that lets you channel surf only the channels that you add to your favorites list. The only drawback is that there is no "power saver" option for screen brightness.great for the price
I was leery of buying an off brand TV but i wanted as big of a screen as i could that looked decent & was cheap. so i went with this one & couldn't be happier!Good TV for the Price!
The wife and I bought on for our room to watch tv . The picture quality was better than we expected. After a week of owning it we bought a second one and now we use them both to play Xbox. We have been using them both for over a month now and we still love them both. We are actually talking about buying 2 more for the kids great deal and a great t.vReally good t.v
Great TV for the price (4 HDMI inputs)!
Only 1 each of composite and component and no S-Video, so watch out.
Most other TV's have only 2 HDMI these days (sub-$600#, a few have 3 HDMI.
Great viewing angle, side to side AND top-bottom. Screens are a lot better these days...
Just buy it.
FYI: It uses Sony IR codes for the remote #Tivo code 0238).
Ship to store was very fast. Nice.For $300 a great deal.
Looks good, works good, but the speakers aren't very good.Great product for the price
I paid $329 for it and now its even cheaper. Set has a great picture and plenty of HDMI slots. Would not have hurt to have one more RCA input set. The speakers are as expected in a flat screen but it has audio out so no trouble to plug into another source of sound. The one thing that bothers me is the USB port should of been on the side or front or anywhere but buried in the back. Other than that a fantastic deal and great quality picture.WoW for the price!
This TV is nearly perfect! I was highly skeptical at first with the price being so low; it seemed too good to be true! Well, I was pleasantly shocked to find the sound quality superb (after some adjustments to the bass and treble) and the picture quality (after some minor adjustments to the color and whatnot...it took me about 15 minutes) the picture quality could not have been better!

My sister bought a 40" Samsung LCD HDTV a couple months ago for about $1,200 and I cannot tell the difference in quality! In fact, the Sceptre may be a bit clearer than her's, not to mention more energy efficient!

One caveat: I would DEFINITELY get the 2 Year Service Plan! Walmart may bend the rules a bit and exchange after 120 days for a defective item but not much beyond that; the 2 year service plan gives you the peace of mind that if something goes wrong you're covered for 2 years. It is WELL worth the $35!Absolutely Fantastic TV!
I did a lot of researches before purchasing this Sceptre 40" hdtv. I thought this is an off brand name but after found out the real truth. This name Sceptre they oem for lots of brand name laptop computers such as Del_,Toshib_,Asu_. Another words, these big names are using sceptre for their laptop screens.

I'm adding this tv as a second one so our family can play a better entainment games down stairs.

The very 2nd day, friends came over to my basement game/entertainment room, I put 2 pieces of paper to cover the names of Sceptre 40" and Samsung 42" so they can see them side by side. Ended up everyone picked the Sceptre got the best pictures and sound. I was so suprised.

Keep it up, Sceptre.Excellent Quality and Stereo Sound
sound is not good but if you use it with a home theater will be perfect.great price
I've been patiently waiting for a good deal on a TV to come around, and as soon as I saw this I jumped on it. The quality and size of this TV is definitely worth the price. This is something you would see during "Black Friday" shopping. I am very happy with my purchase, not much more I can say.What a steal!
I compared this tv to my 40" Samsung that is almost 4 years old. The Samsung still looks brighter and color-richer. But the advantages ends about here. All other features - picture size change, viewing picture from USB, adding favorite and even signal sensitivities. This TV beats my Samsung. The Samsung costed me $900 and it weight twice much. I bought this TV for my parents to replace their 5 years old Vizio 32". The difference is night and day. They are very happy. For $300, you can't beat it.good value
This was our first larger screen purchase. The reviews were excellent, and I would have to agree this is a great tv for the money. The color is pretty good, the sound is clear, setup was easy. Give this tv a chance! We are so glad we did!!!Great tv for the price
this HDTV is definitely worth it, if you are planning to connect things to it via HDMI cables, anything less (such as cables) and the picture quality goes WAY down, though t is still decent, the options for video such as contrast are a bit lacking, but still enough (one might want to get one of those dvd's that auto adjusts the picture based on the room conditions). the only real complaint i have about the picture is that shortly after I bought the T.V. a rainbow dot appeared i the center of the display and won't go away. Sound wise the quality is very lacking, you have to set the trubass to medium and diolog clarity to high in order to hear the voice. also the tv actually has 4 Hdmi inputs not 3. this is definitely worth buying in my opinion if you cannot afford a nicer, higher priced tv.great buy for the price
i got tv 6 months ago was one of best tvs i ever got i had sony great gameing tv great sounde great watch tv on and works amazing no ghostinggreat gameing tv
Had it for about two weeks now. Grabbed it online for $250. I'd think it's worth twice what I paid for it. Great picture. Simple setup.So far so great
This is my second Sceptre TV purchase and I am very happy with both. The first was a 32 inch HDTV for our MBR that we have had over a year with no problems. Because of that experience, I decided to buy this larger version. So far the TV works great. Easy to set-up and the sound is much better than I expected since some other reviewers mentioned sound as a disappointment. This larger TV is used in a basement recreation room and is perfect in that regard. You can't beat the price of $250 either. I ordered it on Thanksgiving day online at Wal-Mart and received the TV the next Tuesday! My experience with Sceptre TVs has been excellent and I do not hesitate to recommend them. Just remember that you are not buying a higher end TV but for the price the value is second to none.Great TV for the price!
I was a little skeptic at first because the price was much lower than other brands offered. However, it works great on HDTV channels and also with my Xbox connected by a HDMI cable! Shipping was fast it only took 4 days on standard. I would recommend this to anyone interested in a decent LCD for a low cost.Great HDTV for a Reasonable price!
Good tv for the price.Good picture and sound.
we purchased this after xmas and before super bowl and the price was incredible $328 for a 40" hdtv - ordered it online and was shipped to our local walmart free of charge. took about 1.5 weeks. we are very pleased with the picture and size. would definitely buy this brand again!great deal and great tv
I was sceptical anout purchasiing this television based on some reviews, but the price of this tv made it irresistible being that I was moving into a new apartment with no tv. It arrived on time and was in great condition. I have not had any problems with it at all. The picture quality and sound are great. I would recommend everyone buy the tv is they are looking to get a lot of bang for their bucks! I hope you enjoy your television as much as I am enjoying mine!Great BIG TV
It actually has been much better than I anticipated. Great value.Great TV for the price
Got this TV for second large room had 55 but too big. This TV has exceptional HD quality and numerous inputs for anything you need. Own a sceptre TV for bedroom and this one is even bettergreat tv for 249.00 couldnt be happier!
At first I was reluctant to purchase this TV, but the price was too tempting. I am glad I did, the picture quality and features are great, and I have had no problems with it.Great value
Very happy with this television for my sitting room. The price was right and it shipped directly to my home.Great price, great picture.
Easy to install, just make sure you buy an HDMI cable to go with it for best quality picture.Great picture, quality tv for the price
This tv is a great buy! The picture and sound quality are first rate, and for only 300.00, I feel like I stole something. I wish I had seen this brand before I bought my LG.Great television!
the tv is great right out of the box.I've owned a sceptre monitor for over 10 years and no problems with it. that's why I went with this tv. for the price of a 32" got a 40"....Great tv for the price
This TV is great. Good picture and quality sound. It has so many features to adjust want you want to see and hear in the channel. You won't find this TV as display in any store. Only in online. I take my chances and I don't regret it. This TV give you more that another brands for the price. One more thing this is America Made ( California ) Finally our country provide something affordable and quality.
I purchase this TV by online on Sunday by Wednesday was already for pick up. Great, fast service they will text you when your item arrive in the store. The TV arrive in good condition and they help me to put it in my car. Thanks WalmartGreat Affordable & Quality America Made TV
My husband has had absolutely NO complaints about this TV, he's downstairs with it until 1 am everynight LOVING it!Husband LOVES it!
Great TV, using it for safety instructions for local/regional Little league coaches. I perfect unit when attached to DVD player, easy hookup and useHDTV
This was purchased for my daughter who is attending medical school, not that she will have a lot of time to watch TV... LOL.
But the TV has a great picture quality and sound is good as well. I searched for months several different TV brands and found for the money, this TV had all the features we were looking for and at a great price too.
The price actually allowed us to purchase an entertainment center for her as well.
The convenience of me ordering it in our home town and having it dropped shipped to the WalMart where she is attending medical school was an added bonus, and shipped free I might add.
I use the site to store feature quite regularly.
Again,the TV was worth the money.Great TV for the price
i took a chance on this never owned a sceptre But i love it!!just as great as our other name Brand Tv. it is worth every penny!Worth EveryPenny!Love it!!!!****
Got it for $308 including 4 year protection plan and tax. It has a awesome picture and its sound is rediculously good too! I didn't expect the sound to be very good but its great. My brother has a RCA tv and the sound on it is horrible and he paid alot more for it, which is why i didnt think the sound would be good. If your looking for a good cheap tv this is it!SCEPTRE X405BV FHDR 40 LED Class 1080P
This is my first ever flat screen LED 1080p HDTV. and i am more then pleased with the purchase. i love watching tv and playing my xbox360 and watching netflix on it. picture is amazing. I use it for my personal bedroom, so the speakers are fine. but if your wanting it for a living room. you might want to get surround sound or even a sound bar. but again this is for my room and personal use. small room. its great. the brand isn't well known at least to me. but its been getting alot of good reviews so this is a new brand that is well worth your money. i would def. recommend this to anyone who wants to upgrade or like me get their first ever LED hdtv. its awesome. enjoy. and i hope my review helped you.Best bang for your buck!!
This is a really nice tv for the price! I m buying a second one for my son's room.Great value
I've been pricing & researching flat screens for awhile & I can not believe the bargain I got. 40" for less than $300.00. the best part was I order this tv on Wednesday and the (took the free shipping to home) next day I got my tv. took me 15 minutes to set up and I was watching my soaps..I'm still making adjustments to get it where I want this is new to me. very nice looking cabinet I'm impressed. the price was so good I took the 2 year service plan.great TV
Just got the TV. Set up easily, good owners manual. Easy to use menu. Only issue I had was the HDMI cable was not sufficient. Most channels worked fine with the HDMI cable but some channels had no audio and were breaking up badly. I called tech support and they said I might need to hook up the TV to my High Def DVR box with component cables (red, blue and green) and audio cables (red and white) I picked up both sets of cables at Lowe's for about $17.00 and hooked them up and everything appears to work fine now. TV and picture look very goodGreat value
This is the second Sceptre TV that I have purchased and am quite satisfied. I bought a 46" for the den and this TV to mount in the bedroom and it performs just as well as the LG that I paid 4x the price for.Can't beat the price.
Needed a reasonable TV for bedroom and this exceeded all expectations.Great TV for the price
As a cheap college student, the size and price of this TV was awesome. It's got great picture quality & tons of HDMI ports. However.. it doesn't have enough of the regular ports.. you know the ones for the red, yellow, white cables. I had to buy a hub ($16.00) that allowed for three extra connecters to the TV for my DVD player, Playstation and Wii. I also bought a digital antenna (cause I'm too cheap for cable, obviously) for the TV. I had to run a scan again but it found the channels easily & switches between my game consoles and Apple TV with the flick of a button. My TV rests on a TV stand so connecting the base & the TV was easy.. 7 screws (supplied) did the job. I have no idea how easy or difficult it would be to attach to the wall.Great TV!
This was my Christmas gift to myself which I purchased for $249 to go in my bedroom. I have a $2000 Samsung in the family room and I can't tell the difference in the picture quality. I read many complaints about the sound quality but it is perfect for the bedroom. If I were to put it in the family room, I would suggest an alternate sound source. It was a breeze to set up and I am quite pleased with the quality. I also love the metal brush look better than the glossy black. Looks high end. Can't go wrong for the money and most of all, it is made in the USA!!!Great Buy!!!
I was a little reluctant to purchase this item. I am glad that I took the risk. I am very happy with this product and would recommend it to anyone.Great price! Great pciture!
I hemmed and hawed on buying a 40-inch TV for my office awhile. I watched prices like a hawk through Christmas and nearly bought the TV in early January, but decided to hold off. I couldn't decide if I should buy a brandname TV or the Sceptre. At one point I had it narrowed down to Toshiba & Sceptre; at that point there was a $60 difference between the two. Price was the bigger factor over quality, because its main use would be for background noise...news, music channels and occasional sports. The TV would be on for at least 8 hours a day, but since I'm working, I don't spend much of the day watching it closely.

I kept watching prices and it ended up being a good move; the Sceptre dropped to $299 and I decided to go for it. Although I've only had it for about a month, I've been very pleased. Picture quality and sound are just fine. If I were using it for movies, I'd probably just keep the TV on mute and connect it to a sound system. Sure, a higher quality product like Samsung comes with more features and best picture and sound, but for my uses, it's been a great TV for the price paid.

If this would be your main TV for your living or family room, I'd still recommend the Sceptre if you're on a tight budget. We have a 47-inch Panasonic plasma in the living room and love it, but if cash was tight, I'd be very happy with the Sceptre's performance knowing I saved a bunch of money.

The only problem I found is that my DirecTV remote can't be programmed to control the TV's power and sound. Not a huge deal though, since I don't tinker with those controls much during the day.

By the way, I watched prices with other retailers in addition to Walmart. Places like Best Buy didn't even come close for this TV or other brands. Amazon and a few other online vendors had decent prices at times, but I had a few Walmart gift cards saved up, so I went that route. Did the free shipping with "site-to-store" and it was pretty convenient.Don't let the off-brand name scare you away!!
This TV is incredible for the price! My biggest concern was the sound, but it is fantastic! It is loud enough even setting it at 25 (it goes all the way to 100). No need for a sound bar with this TV. Picture is nice and clear and it took only minutes to set up. I highly recommend it.great tv
I was a skeptic of an off brand, but during these times price is the biggest factor. The ratings were great so I took a chance. I won. I bought two of these and the kids love them. The pictures are great, sound is great.Excellent Choice
the set is as good as my sony and samsung . excellent price , fast shipping and free !!!nice tv
We had originally chose a different TV, but after more looking we decided to go with a larger screen and better HD quality. This was an excellent television for the price. The quality of the picture is incredible. The sound quality is unsurpassed. I have it connected to my home entertainment system and I couldn't be happier. I had an HD tv before (an expensive one) but the quality was nothing close to this one. I can ACTUALLY tell I'm watching HD now. We haven't set up anything other than the Sat cable, DVD player and entertainment center so I don't know how the other components are with it. But this TV has it all and someone more technically inclined would probably really love this TV also for all it's extra features. Highly recommend this TV for anyone wanting quality sound and picture without emptying your wallet.Excellent TV - great value for the money
I was very impressed with this T.V. The picture quality and sound are great and my son in-law, (who has alot of knowledge about electronics), couldn't believe I was able to purchase this at such a low price. I have since purchase another Septre T.V. for my bedroom. Thanks so much.Great buy and good quality
I'VE LIVED WITH TV'S OF ALL SIZES, FROM BLACK AND WHITE TO COLOR. MONOTONE TO STEREO.

I AM A TV AND MOVIEAHOLIC. WE HAVE LOOKED FOR SEVERAL YEARS BUT I COULDN'T JUSTIFY IT BECAUSE OUR MAIN TV WAS STILL WORKING FINE.

I GOT AN EMAIL AND COULD NOT BELIEVE THE PRICE. WE MADE THE PLUNGE AND I CAN'T BELIEVE THE DIFFERENCE. I SEE SO MUCH MORE AND CLEARLY (WHO NEEDS 3D, THEY ARE ALREADY IN MY LIVING ROOM). THE SOUND IS EVERYWHERE. I DIDN'T REALIZE HOW MUCH I WAS MISSING.

IT WAS SO STRANGE TO SEE MORE OF THE FOOTBALL FIELD. IT'S TOTALLY AMAZING AND I LOVE IT.

C'MON TEXAS RANGES, LET'S PLAY SOME BASEBALL :)OUTSTANDING
I bought this television set based on most of the reviews I read and because we needed a new tv for the bedroom. I also own a Sceptre computer monitor that always worked great. I figured that if it did not work out I could easily return the set to Walmart in up to 90 days. Well, I really like this set. The picture is amazing and it is definitely well worth the money.

The sound quality is ok (not great). I took one interviewers advice and turned off the automatic sound adjustment feature because the sound would get really loud and then really soft. While I now need to turn the tv up louder with that feature off, the sound has been steady. I am going to take another reviewer's advice and purchase a decent pair of computer speakers for the set, as there is input for these without having to buy a whole home theater system. This television set has done what I wanted it to....provide a really high quality HD picture on a second TV set for the bedroom. For 320.00, free shipping and no crazy Black Friday crowds, I found the BEST deal!Really great television for the money
I LOVE this LCD the picture and sound are amazing!! I ordered it online and received it the very next day. Now that is fast service. LOVE LOVE LOVE IT!!!!!!Amazing Quality For So Cheap!!!!
Received the TV with out any problems. Easy to hook up my Blu-Ray player. Great looking set.Great TV for the price. Has all the features I ne
This is my first HD TV. It was easy to set up. The picture quality is excellent. The sound is very good. I have had the TV for about 3 weeks and I couldn't be happier with my choice. By the way, I used the site to store option and it was hassle free.Excellent T.V.
I was a little skeptical at first but once I got it hooked up and all the setting in place, great picture and sound. A 40" tv for $298 is a great deal and it's not even black friday! Highly recommend this tv to anyone!great tv for the price
I just purchase this tv for 319.98. This was a great buy as we use it for video games. The picture quality is ok, so I ended up adjusting it and it was better. You can't beat this tv for the price. I love the swivel stand as well. I bought it primarily because of the reviews on here were pretty high. I hope this tv last longer than some of my expensive sony products. The tv arrived within a week and a half. I would reccommend this tv to consumers who don't mind no name brands.Great tv for the price
Excellent productTV
Purchased this for my vacation condo. Picture is great. Sound is excellent (If the unit is too close to the wall the sound quality is diminished). This is a great value for the money.Best dollar per inch
This tv is better than expected for the price.

Picture is clear and sharp.

Sound is a little tinny and sharp at times as well, but doesn't make it not worth it.

Excellent purchase!Great TV for the price
We have decided that technology changes so fast that we would buy mid-level quality and could then afford to change everything out every couple of years. This TV was beyond our expectations. The picture is great, the sound is good, and the price is exceptional. We bought three more of these to outfit the bedrooms in our vacation condo. So far, this has been a terrific investment.Great bargain
I did a lot of research before I bought this tv. I first bought a 39" sanyo but took it back. I didn't like the fact that the cable input was on the side and it only had one audio out. I then bought this tv after seeing that most people that bought it had good things to say. I am very pleased with this tv. it has an excellent picture and the sound isn't bad. I run the audio through my surround sound stereo so I wasn't worried when some people didn't like the quality of the TV's sound.

this tv may not be a well known brand but the price was right and I am sure if scepter continues to produce quality products such as this tv they will soon become a well known brand like LG was when they first came out. I was also very pleased with walmarts site to store delivery as it only took 3 days to get there after I placed my order.

I will buy scepter products again and will soon buy a larger model tv in the near future..great value, very nice tv
No problems with sound. Connstruction a little light but its a tv so. Picture just as good as my other tv(a much more expensive one)great no problems
Very impressed with the quality of this TV.Excellent product!
We are very happy with this TV. After reading some of the reviews I really wasn't sure what I got into. I received the tv and installed it, and was very pleased. Great picture, good sound, easy to work remote. These TVs won't be inexpensive for long!!!!ThanksGreat Price! Really good TV
I wanted to replace my large tube TV with a light weight HDTV and began my search. I purchased two different TV's and returned them because the sound and picture were terrible and they didn't offer many options for adjustments. Being on a limited income I knew that I would not be able to purchase the most expensive TV set so I began my search. I didn' t recognize the brand name but read the reviews on this TV as well as many others and found that with this set as well as other brands, some folks will love it and some will not. This TV is so worth the sale price that I paid. I purchased the 40" 1080P 60Hz HDTV and found it easy to set up, it has a great picture and surprisingly the sound. The speakers are in the rear as are most speakers but the sound is still good. I have not turned the volume up past 25 and that was because it was loud outside. There are more options for sound and picture quality adjustment than on the other sets which I found very useful. I know there are some poor quality TV's out there but this is not one of them. (at least not the one that I purchased). I used site to store and it took a week to get to the store which seemed like an extremely long time when you are waiting. I truly love this TV!Great TV, Great Value
As usual, I received a great value from Sceptre, as this is my 4th purchase. But this one was for me and my front room instead of a present for someone else.Absolutely great
easy set up. great picturegreat
Great product for a great price! Don't spend more on bigger name brands! This is the second one I've bought. Totally happy with it!Perfect!
I bought two of these for Christmas; put one in the bedroom and gave one to my Sister. I am really suprized by the picture and sound quality for such a reasonably priced TV. The only problem I have now is my Uncle said I should have bought him one also!Great choice!
Great picture, great price!Nice tv
I can't truly explain how much I enjoyed this purchase. I looked for quite some time before purchasing this TV. I just didn't want to spend 5 bills for a TV. The picture quality is awesome when connected to the proper video source. If you have cable, satellite, or fiber service make sure you have a HD box. This makes a huge difference. I love the sound quality. I can place my TV at a lower sound level and can still hear clearly. unlike some of the more expensive brands. A family member has a higher tier maker and they have to have there TV at 25 or high just to hear. THIS BRAND HAS BEEN AMAZING.Best Bank for your Buck!!
This is my first HDTV and it works wonderfully! It has all the latest functions, like 3 HDMI ports, a USB port, and more! I really love that the TV is ROKU ready, as I purchased the ROKU Streaming Stick and it was so easy to install, took less than a minute! And I love it that I can watch Netflix and Huluplus on my new 40 inch SCEPTRE HDTV!Excellent product and not too expensive!
The picture quality is great. Easy to make ready, and price was unrealWOW
My mom and dad loved this TV. They were really surprised. Their old TV went out right before mom went in hospital. All of us got together and purchased this one for them since they deserved it.Great Buy
OMG!!! Me and my husband were expecting some kind of completion in hooking the HDTV up, we also thought we were going have to call our cable provider. We took it out the box moved the old TV and just hooked the cable in and pushed a few buttons per the on screen instructions and BAM!!!! That was it. We love it. thank you WALMART AND SCEPTRE. P.S. now all we need is a great price on a 3pc sectional and our little abode will be complete. so I,ll be looking Walmart . thank you again, star a loyal customerI was expecting drama
Good price, excellent picture quality when first time I open picture was blurry and then it got better its better since thanExcellent picture quality
0 complaints from me. I've had this tv for about 2 months now and it works great. I recently moved into an apartment and wasn't sure about getting cable. So I turned this tv on and searched for over the air channels and I got 26 channels. All hd and crystal clear. This tv works well with my blu ray player and my gaming systems. My folks and brothers all have high end tv's so they were very surprised at the quality of the picture. Like I said 0 complaints from this guy. I will eventually get the 50 inch.
And I had it delivered to my house and there wasn't any damage to the box. So get this tv. Thanks.0 complaints
This appears to be a great HDTV. Plenty of hook ups on back and side, size is great, price was good, shipping and delivery were excellent. Like the title says, we are in love with it, so far! But we have only had it for a few weeks, believe me, I will update this review if anything changes!

I may have to make a few purchases of this brand of t.v. for Christmas presents. I don't think you can get a better recommendation than that.In love with it, so far!
Product is top quality!great tv
Love this TV! Great price for the size and quality!Love it!
Wonderful quality and price. No issues! So impressed I might buy another for the bedroom!Love it!
Easy setup, very happy with it as leisure room tv.good buy
I have to say I was very pleased with this television the sound is great and the picture is amazing not to mention that the price is very reasonable. I am very happy with this television.Great tv for the price
I am watching the auto auction up close and I thought I was gonna get run over. This thing is very crisp and clear. It is just as good as our Samsung and is much cheaper. It looks great right out of the box but be sure to check all the settings such as "picture" you can see a big difference and the factory settings are very good. Sound sort of stinks but gonna plug in external speakers anyway.Wow
I got this screen to use as a computer monitor. I already have another one just like it except it is a 42" and decided to add another for a dual screen setup. I have it mounted on the wall while my other is mounted from a ceiling mount.

I don't use the sound from the tv as I have an external Logitech 5.1 surround system hooked up to it from my computer so I cannot not properly rate that. Ignore that rating I gave it.

It has a light glossy screen to it so if you are going to be putting this tv in a very sunlight room then I would consider thinking about the reflections you might possibly get from it. It isn't a full gloss screen but it does have a little gloss look to it somewhat.

The TV itself is very lightweight. It also has a very thin bezel which makes the screen look bigger. Obviously it isn't but it is nice to imagine it :)

The color is great for an LED! It makes all my gaming look simply amazing. Amazing color as long as you run it with the HDMI for the best picture.

The MS on this tv is 8ms. I was just a tiny bit concerned with ghosting as I have it hooked up through the HDMI on my GTX 680 in my gaming computer. Lucky, there isn't any ghosting or tails at all in the image. Even on fast paced games like BF4 there is zero ghosting. Movie watching is the same, it looks great with no ghosting. It runs full 1920x1080 60Hz with no issues or screen problems.

The menu on the tv is simple as cake. Anyone with no knowledge about this stuff could easily navigate their way around after about 1 minute of pressing the buttons :) :). Selecting different inputs is very simple. The color options on the screen are not as indepth as I would like but they are good enough.

All the ports on the back of the TV are simple to get to and plug the cords in. No need to break an arm trying to plug a wire in like on some other tvs out there.

Sceptre is a very good company. They are a very large company. They have been around for a long time now and make amazing products. I have bought 6 different screens ranging from 19" computer monitors all the way to a 42" LCD. Now, with my most recent purchase of this 40" LED I am reviewing. Never had any issue with any of their screens. I will eventually buy another Sceptre in the coming months to add a 3rd monitor to my setup and then eventually a 4th to complete it.

Get this. Walmart is the cheapest with the price of this tv. I checked for days on every website and store I could find and Walmart was by far the best price. Its a great tv and a simple tv. None of that Smart TV app junk or any of that other junk. However if that is what you want then steer clear of this product!Using as a Primary Computer Monitor
Simply love the price, quality and all of the features. We have had no problems, love the multiple options to install gaming devices, surround, & dvd. We have had no problems and would recommend it to everyone.Great price, product & features
This TV is great! The price was a decent price for the size of the TV. I am really enjoying being able to see the picture more clearly and be able to read any subtitiles. I have some vision problems and a 27" screen just wasn't cutting it. This 40"screen is amazing and the picture and sound quality are great! I would definitely recommend this to anyone. Thanks for a great product!!Wonderful TV!!
This tv is great! Really nice picture, really low price. No one can believe we spent so little on it and it's this nice. I would recommend to anyone!Great Buy!
I'm very satisfied with my new TV. I was lucky that the UPS didn't damage it in transit and it arrived intact. Setup was easy. Attaching the base was simple (four screws). I connected my PC to it and watch internet content on it. Some people have complained about the sound quality. They didn't read the User Booklet. It seems that the TV comes default with the surround sound feature ON which makes the sound "tinney". Uncheck the surround sound feature (turns it OFF) and adjust to the sound you want. This TV's audio comes with lots of adjustment capability. Very good sound! Beautiful picture! READ THE USER BOOKLET!!Excellent TV
The unit performance overall is as good or better than expected.

We have one little issue. We have not been able to program the universal remote from DirecTV to operate the TV and are using two remotes. None of the codes from DirecTV's website work.We are very happy with the performance.
Simple setup with HDMI inputs allowed for the TV to be up and running in no time at all. The 1080p image is clear and crisp. I have seen other 1080P TV's that don't match up in video quality. You do need to tweak the settings a bit to get the most out of the video but if you invest 3 minutes the image is a 8.5 out of 10 which is great for the price. The sound is the only downside as others have stated. I don't think that the sound would cut it in a larger living room but for a bedroom TV you really can't go wrong.sceptre x405bv-fhdr 40" led 1080p
Great picture and an even greater price. Very happy with this TVEarly Christmas gift to myself
I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this T.V. Hint...when trying to set your cable remote to this T.V. remote go under *Sony* to get your correct code. That way everything is on just one remote. After reading the reviews here, I was a little weary on the quality of sound, but to my amazement it is PERFECT! Didn't have to adjust anything. So simple to put together from out of the box to watching it live!

It looks amazing in the bedroom too! *****AMAZING...uses *sony* remote control
We have only had this TV for a little over a week but it has been great so far. The picture is really nice and it is a very slim TV as it states in the title. We also have a 50" TV from Sceptre, which is LCD and I would say the picture is a little better with this 40" TV, which is LED. The very minor issue we have had is with the sound; the music/sound effects/etc. will be overly loud and we will turn the volume down, but then the talking is overly quiet and then we have to turn it back up and it's like we can't find that happy medium. Like I said, very minor. And we have only used Netflix so far so maybe it is an issue just with Netflix or this specific series. I would definitely recommend this TV!Awesome TV, especially for the price!!
I ordered the 40" Spectre last week and picked it up last night. Site to Store worked out very well. Plugged it in at home and it worked like a charm. I didn't have to do anything. Great value, great price. Picture, sound, and features are great. Pleasantly surprised.Excellent TV
love this TV! amazing price and an amazing product!WoW
We needed a TV to replace a 32" in the bedroom and found this 40" 1080p Sceptre at the price of a high end 32" TV. The picture quality is excellent and the sound is better than usual. Ability of video and sound tuning to personal tastes is great feature. Very happy to have found this unit at such a great price. Free delivery to store is another great WalMart feature we have used successfully before.Outstanding value.
I could not be more pleased.Great Value
This is a very nice TV. I have it hook up to a HD cable box with the HDMI cord, the picture is great.
I highly recommend this TV to anyone who what's a very nice TV and you can't beat the price.Great TV
I was very pleased with this TV. It looks good works very well. My only dissappointment was how it was sent to me. They had free shipping and so I had it sent to my home. When it was delivered it was in it origanal box sitting on my front porch. It wasn't boxed in a plain box but the store box showing that it was a 40" television. Anyone could have walked off with this. I will only do site to store because of this.Very nice for price.
I needed a tv for an unexpected three month visit from my son. Shipped to the closest Walmart took only a week and set up was very easy and quick. Amazed at the picture and sound quality. Will try to remember to come back and post results after three months of continous use.Great buy
I was hesitant to purchase the unknown name, but after reading prior reviews, I purchased the Sceptre 40 inch. The tv works great and you can't beat the price.great tv for the price
This my first time buying an off brand..but I must say this TV rock's..I am picking this think apart and I cant find anything too complain about sound, picture, is amazing!!! and the price c'mon you cant beat it any where I've checked.. there all about 200 more than this one..cant go wrong.Awesome!!!!!
I didn't realize how large a 40" TV would be until I tried to put it in the same place me 32" was, but low a behold it fit ! The picture is great and the style looks sleek. It's a really good buy so far. I've had for a week and I have no complaints.Great Buy !
This TV delivers! You can not beat this price and it is a solid TV with many features. I'm really impressedGreat TV and even greater price
This 1080p tv has all features & benefits you need in a hdtv.The picture quality is great using the HDMI conections vs coaxal cables .when watching a blue-ray movie via blue ray player even better
this tv should sell for $600.00 as i have compared it to several tvs selling at this price.They even give you a real screwdriver to mount tv swivel stand & a lint cloth to clean screen.more bang for the buck you wont go wrong with this purchase.This is an awsome HDTV at a great price .
I paid just over $300 for this on sale with free shipping to my house! Purchased primarily as a video game TV for the kids play room. So far no problems. Kids play it every day.Incredible Price.
I purchased this tv obviously for the price. I have been looking at getting a new tv for about 6 months but i was not able to find one with so many good reviews and such a great price. So when I found this one I went ahead and purchased it. This is an excellent buy. You get a great picture and great sound quality. For the money you cant go wrong. It was a breeze to set up and get everything hooked up to (laptop, satelite, dvd player) I recommend this tv to anyone looking for a great deal on a quality product.Love this tv.
I was looking for a HD TV when I found the 40" Spectre on the WalMart website for just $298.00. I read the reviews and decided it was a great value. After all, Walmart stands behind everything they sell and if it wasn't a fair picture and sound quality, I would take it back.
Well, We were really surprised. The picture is terrific, I would rate it right up there with many of the big names that cost much more. Of course, I expect the picture to be even better after DirecTV comes and installs the HD dish and reciever. Right now it is hooked up to a regular DirecTV Receiver and dish that is not HD.

I had it shipped "site to store" just in case there was any damage to the box. It arrived at the store in less time than what was stated on the website.
So far, we are very pleased with the 40" Spectre and would recommend it to anyone. If any changes or any performance issues come up, I will update my review.Great Value for Anyone Looking for a 40" Screen
A great tv for under $350. The picture quality is as good as any name brand I've ever seen. The default sound setup needs adjusting, just go into menu...sound and adjust accordingly. It even has an equalizer setting to fine tune the sound. I turned all of srs off as it had a huge impact on sound. I was able to hook it into my stereo using the coax output(spdif). There is also an old style red white output for older stereos. My wii hooked into the y-w-r input and works well in wide screen format. I ordered a couple of hdmi cables online as well. They worked seamlessly with my blu-ray players. It even has several diferent aspect modes for analog tv signals. Couldn't ask for a better tv for the $$$!!Incredible TV for the $$$$$$$
very happy with it, works great love the picture, and sound :)excellent!!!
This tv is very nice looking and incredibly light weight. It was very easy to hook up, only taking a couple of minutes. Its not top heavy. I used the stand that comes with it and it works great. So far, I am very happy with this tv. I was sceptical when I bought it (online) so I went ahead and bought a 3 year warranty just in case. I was also concerned about buying a tv and having it sent through UPS. But it showed up in one piece. It is very well packed in its box. It comes with 2 AAA batteries for the remote. Also comes with its own little screwdriver to put the stand on the tv with. And a soft cloth to clean the screen with.very nice looking tv
After reading many reviews for several Tvs. I chose this one on Cyber Monday and have been super please with it. I expected the sound to not be great (per other reviews) thinking I'd later invest in a soundbar, but have no reason to once I've used the tv. I use this as my main tv in the living room/kitchen (have an open layout) and still don't turn the volume past 30 (not sure how high it goes...guessing 100 by the volume bar's length). Picture quality meets expectations. Would definitely buy this brand and tv again.Better than expected!!!
If I had another room to put another TV in, I would buy another 1 of these. But I wiil buy 1 for my son's 20th birthday though for his apartment, especially for the price.Very nice TV.
Bought a rear projection TV 5 years ago for $1,700. Bulb went out and they wanted $350 to replace it.
The repair people are so expensive I will only buy things now that you can throw away when it goes wrong and this fits the bill perfectly.Good Value
This was for a spare room so I really just wanted an affordable TV for watching TV. In this, the TV is perfect. It was easy to set up and the picture is great for "basic cable" viewing.Great for the price
so glad i read the reviews, great TV for the price. easy setup, views better than the Visio we have in another room. now we will see how long if lasts since we've only had it a few weeks. highly recommend if you're on a budget!excellent choice!
This television is exceptional tv for the price. The picture is fantastic. Can view the screen from anywhere in the room. Easy to set up. If I needed a second tv I would by this one again. I recommend this television for all.Excellent Television
we connected this tv to a xbox. gaming quality and sound is excellent. set up was easy.love the buy.great for the price
A friend has a Sceptre and when I saw what a great picture she had, I decided to get one for myself. I was blown away by the size, quality of the picture, etc. It was well worth the money, especially when my uncle just spent as much for a 26" Samsung as I did for my 40"! Would absolutely recommend this TV to anyone in the market.Great TV
This was my first time to try a Sceptre product. I liked the reviews and the price. Dealing with Wal Mart online has always been good, and today was no exception. The shipping was FAST. When I got it home and hung on the wall and turned it on for the first time I was quite surprised at the picture and sound. Now as far as the quality of the TV for the price I paid, I am very pleased. It was very easy to set up. I have been installing satellite systems and hooking up TV's for ppl for 30 yrs. So setting this TV up was about the easiest I have run across in a while. So If u are thinking of getting a good TV and not spending much this is the one to look at. Now I have had it on just for one day so far but I don't expect any trouble . If I do I know Wal Mart will make it right.40 inch Sceptre TV
so far we very impressed with this TV, the picture and sound quality are really great...it's bright and beautiful & sleek looking ... I also recommend you get the service protection agreement for the price it's well worth it...if any thing goes wrong with this TV you are protected. For both products the price is affordable and well worth it. all together less than 350.00 bucks and delivers right to your door safely not to mention free.great quality for the money.
bought this tv as a replacement to my crt which was beginning to show signs of quitting. Did a lot of research before buying. at a little over 300 bucks and a 3 year service plan all total less than 400 bucks. it really is a good deal. I have to say the picture is excellent (as long as you have HD programming) But that's the whole idea of getting an HDTV right? I was afraid the sound would not be good but it is. but you can always add a sound system if you need. the sound does fluctuate on commercials but i found out thats part of the AVL auto volume leveling trying to compensate for commercials that are extra loud. but you can turn off that feature if you like. I have not noticed any ghosting or motion blurr. great tv for the price.good tv
this is our first hdtv and we have had it for about 3 weeks now and haven't had a problem with it. i was a little concerned with buying it because so many people complained about it sounding bad, but there is a button right on the remote that gives you the option to change how it sounds, which we did. and we are very happy with it. its a great tv for the price!!great buy for your first hdtv
I've had this tv for about a month now and being a college student, both me and my roommate use it quite a bit. It has met all the expectations and then some. It works great with our xbox 360 for gaming or watching movies. Works just as well if not better than my parents samsung LED. I would recommend it to anyone.Not name brand? Not a problem.
This is a great tv, I wasn't sure about it by reading the reviews but it's a great tv. Any product will have good & bad reviews but you will have to decide to buy or not.GREAT TV, glad I decided to buy it
After reading the reviews I decided to buy and try it out. 900+ reviews and 4.5 stars must means something. I'm very satisfied with the TV, especially it's price point. The remote feels kind of cheap but what do you expect for a $300+ 40" 1080p HDTV. The TV is well made. I like the finish on it and it doesn't look cheap neither. Once I get my real Apple HDTV, this will be perfect for my bedroom or entertainment room. Definitely would recommend the TV to everyone. I did get one with a dead pixel, however, I drove to Walmart and exchanged for another one. A bit of a hassle but well worth it. The second attempt, the TV is flawless. I only got it today so will see how long it'll last.Excellent HDTV for the price!!
Bought for my son's Christmas present. He loves it! Great picture and sound. Had to adjust sound settings. Has all outputs needed for gaming etc. Picture and sound come in better than my Sony 40 in. LCD. Great Value!Great TV
Looked at all sales on TV`s for a few months

this one beat all discounters price, i picked up at my close Wal mart store

no problems..it does have 1 dead pix. but it is very close to the side like 1/8 inch

so i dont notice when viewing

Has a great picture ..i am using off air (home antenna) for TV and use it for my computer

monitor as well..with netflix for movies etc...i love it

for the price you can not go wrong.. This was my first HD TV so i am loving it getting in for 329.00 plus tax

i upgraded my desktop computer`s video card and use a HDMI cord and looks awesome!

hope it lasts a long time!!Great TV for the price !!!
The price is right. One thing I wondered about in reading the description was whether a stand was included. There is one included suitable for sitting on a table etc. The TV has a good display and there are adequate ports. I bought this for the bedroom and it's wound up in the living room (because it fits over the mantle). But, the sound is a little weak for the large room it's now in. That's not really a fault of the unit. The manual mentions a sound bar which I didn't purchase yet but you might consider if you're putting the unit in a larger room. All in all this is a great unit for a smaller room but if you're outfitting a larger room you probably want a 50 incher or larger.Sceptre 40 inch
It was bought for a family member, she loves it.very nice.
This was a great buy for the money. I hate I missed the 50" for $399. It is sold out online in this area. Can it be located at another store and shipped to College Station on Brothers? It was the Hisense 50" model.Nice TV for the price
This is the 3rd Large screen "SCEPTRE " I have bought. I like the quality at a low price. I have had no problem and enjoyed the clarity sharp image and sound quality.Sceptre 40' screen
Sceptre 40'' LCD 1080p 6HZ. The best value currently available. Very satisfied. Picture is great. Sound quality is average/good. Love the piano black finish. Bought an additional one for the living room a week later.Bought another one a week later!
Picture quality is great!! I don't know of any negative things to say about this TV. It looks elegant in my living room and for video gaming and watching tv its super great!!! I haven't tried out the USB connection yet to see how that works, but I can't wait and I know that it will look great once I try it. I like big sound so I have it connected to other speakers that I like using with watching a movie or playing video games, but for regular tv channel surfing, I use only the sound that it comes with and that works perfect for me. I don't have to place the volume high to hear it. This is perfect for me. My friends that have Samsung TV's like this one were impressed with it. I can't say much more than that....Great TV!!
I never had hear of this brand' but the price was right''I have been very pleased
really you would think the price it couldn't be anything of quality
it is a great HDTV just purchased one for my momHappy in Prescott AZ
A true 40 inch screen, high definition, 1080p, flat screen LED TV, and with a 4 year warranty, all for well under $300.00 is unreal. I went to the Sceptre website before making this purchase which had a lot to do with my decision on making the purchase. . I felt I would be happy after my research, but actually was pleasently more pleased after receiving this TV!

Several of the other reviews were good, but an unknown brand to myself had me second guessing. What I need to say is Wow! The picture is great, the sound is also about as good as it gets for a flat panel TV, at any reasonable price. In fact I had to have a sound bar on my last TV located in the same room as the Sceptre, and now I don't need my sound bar at all.

3 HDMI jacks, and most every other kind of inputs and outputs are actually more generous than some of the more familliar, and higher priced Brand Names. So many settings are available, but I really like that automatic screen resolution mode, along with the cinima setting when watching DVD format (films) so that the frame rate is optimum. You can program so many features to fit your preference. Did I mention setup and programming is easy? It is basicly a plug and play for most people, but nice to know you have a vast array of options if you are in to that.

I should mention I chose to have the product "shipped to Home". The delivery time showed delivery was faster than using "ship to Store". To be fair we have had National weather issues lately, but delivery was 4 days later than promised. UPS was the carrier and the product and the box arrived in perfect condition. None 0f this would affect my satisfation overall, but many people do wonder.

I am very familliar with much higer cost TV's and must say dollar for dollar this has to be the best value in a TV prrchase ever! 5 stars hands down and I would buy another if the need ever arose.Absolute Best Value in a TV puchase, ever.
great product for the price! this is my second unit.TV for the money
This was our first HD TV & we are very pleased with it. Great for the price. Thinking of buying another one for our 2nd Tv. Delivery was quick & easy to set up.love it
This TV was so inexpensiv, and the quality is amazing, my daughter was so happy. It's just a great TV. I would definately recommend this tv to anyone who wants a bigger picture with a small price tag. I also purchased the 3 year plan, only because I was not familiar with the brand.TV
I really enjoy the my Sceptre TV I bought online at Wal-Mart. The TV is excellent quality and has preformed perfectly since I bought it last november. Some reviews have made comments about the sound having a tin can like quality. I must say I did experience this when I first got the TV a couple of times. The sound would sound weird occasionally when I would watch on demand. To fix this problem I would just exit on demand and re-enter. This was when I was first breaking the TV in and have not had the problem since the first month of use. The Picture is very clear and works great for video games or HD movies. It is hard to find a 40" 1080p LCD TV for under 400-500 dollars that is of quality, This TV is the exception. Sceptre is not a well known name in the TV market, but I did my research and they have been making computer monitors for quite some time. It also had 4 HDMI ports, a USB port, and high definition components, which make it easy to plug in anything you want, including your computer. I would recommend this TV to anyone, and would also recommend Wal-Marts ship to store option. My TV came in within two weeks and only took a few minutes to check out from the store!Great Product
This is a great television for the price, I read all the reviews on this site and it gets great reviews, but I was skeptical only because it was not NAME BRAND that I recognized, that being said I am glad I took the chance and bought these televisions, the picture is great, the sound is ok, the functions or menu is ok, but for my boys it is fantastic, they play their PS3's on them and work flawlessly, I would buy this product again, bought them at Christmas for 249.00 each and the 4 year warranty's for 39.00 each, well spent money in my opinion.Great Television
If You are reading this review it's probably because you had questions on whether a 40 inch television for $299 is even real or is it a hoax. I can answer that questiion for you!! It is absolutely real and the best $300 I've spent in a while. The picture is great and so is the sound. No regrets over here.Don't be skeptical of Sceptre!!!
This TV and its company is flying under the radar. I went with other name brands before but decided to give this a try for the exceptional price and the reviews it had gotten. Went thru a little hassle with the ship to store process (was delayed) But have been quite happy with this purchase and would recommend to othersexceeds expectations
picture is very crisp and clear. I am using as both monitor and tv in my office and works great. price was great at only 250.a very pleasant surprise!
3rd HD TV I have purchased. Best Bang for the Buck in my opinion. Easy set up. Thanks!Great TV, especially for the Price!
I Love this TV, the picture is so clear wow i'm amazed and very happy with it, i'm glad i bought it and at a great price, i will buy another one for my bedroom but a 50" and with a good sound bar and a subwoofer, i love shopping at Walmart...Sceptre, i never heard of it before...
I received it 1 day before it was supposed to arrival which next time i will just have it shipped to store. I always read reviews before i purchase anything. Am a more Toshiba kinda girl.
Exceeded my expectations for the price. I was anticipation a less than average quality TV, but was I surprised at the overall quality of this product. well for the short time i have had it since 12/6/13.
all is goodGreat TV, Love It!!
First time purchasing a SCEPTRE product. Purchased for my 88yr old Mom. Hook up was so simple & she loves it. The picture it perfect.A view ABOVE the rest
This is a hidden gem in my opinion. I have owned a Samsung and the picture quality is equaled to it at a much lesser cost. I like the look too. I think it is thinner than those Visio Razor TV's too. I am surprised that they are not on the Walmart floor and you have to buy online. They probably do not want to compete with their main Visio brand which this has a much better picture quality. I just hope it last a long time. I did pay the $28 extra for a 3 year warranty just in case. Came out to just over $300 ...On Par with Samsung in picture clarity
Just wanted to say how pleased I am with this tv by Sceptre.I have a Sceptre computer monitor,so I knew the name.Then when I read the other great reviews for this product,I knew I could not pass up the opportunity to have a great tv at an unbelievable price.I did have to return the first tv cause of a small defect in the screen,and Walmart could not be more helpful with this process.Great tv,great customer service!If your looking for a new tv and you don't like to spend alot of money,take advantage of this awesome deal!!Great investment!
Than I expected for a tv of this price. Great picture, easy to operate. fits nicely on top of my electric fireplace. As a matter of fact, it fits so nicely it looks as though it was made just for it. Would VERY highly recommend this to buy!!!Way More
It wasnt just the price for the purchase,this tv is one of the few with a headphone jack(Varriable Output)and audio out(Fixed),Im impressed with the sound out put and that it outputs 20 watts,after I set it up and connected to my 600 watt surround,with the 20 watt boost is great,and a 7-band eq,quite a bit of options,Basicly this tv is great for the money,I looked at many tv's but none of them offered what this one has especially for the price,I noticed that certain tv's do not have outputs,I use the headphone jack to my surroundIs great with my surround
I bought this as a gift for my brother and he loves it....the price was like a Black Friday price...I just purchased this one week ago ( the end of February 2014) I am happy I went ahead and purchased it.More than I expected
Will buy another one soonGreat Tv for the average family
Ordered it and it arrived 2 days later, just in time for the superbowl... Only had for 6 days but it's a nice TV... Great picture and pretty good sound... One nice feature is programming channels into your favorites... I'm thinking my ONLY complaint is the way Sceptre placed the in-puts... They located them in the middle of the back / facing DOWN... Very difficult to get at... Well, that's only a problem when / if you want to put a flash drive in the USB port... Anyway, I would recommend this TV to EVERYONE...Great TV...
I still pinch myself to see if i am awake when i am looking at the crisp clear picture on this TV and then think that I only paid $269.00 for it. I feel like a thief!This is a excellent TV!
Very nice performing TV.
Easy to set-up. User manual is very informative and helpful in setting up the TV.Very nice TV
this t.v. is great. i was a little worried because i didn't know the brand but for the price($300) and size i went for it. IT meet all my expectations and plus some. Also, it was very easy to setup.great t.v for cheap price
Buying this TV was "seamless". Bought it online, picked it up from the store close to home - bingo - New TV to enjoy.Great TV for price
I wanted a larger tv and found this one with the sound bar included (for just a little more) and am happy with the improved picture. Great value!Great value
For the price? This TV is great my daughter loves it! Good color and sound!!Grateful Mom
This was a great value and works as good as the more expensive brands. I would recommend this the my friends and family.Just purchased to replace TV that went out
I wanted a TV that could be multi tasked, I needed a good size, light, to use mostly outside ie sports games, gym room. I ordered the wireless audio video sender so I got the setup I was expecting, clear picture. I want to do another update after 6 months from now, but overall 5 stars and the price was great.Multi use
I have bought Sceptre products before and enjoyed them very much, which is why I bought this 40' for my bedroom. I would recommend this product to anyone I have tried the 22', 46' and now the 40' - great products for the value.Great TV for the price!
Perfect TV for use with my ps3 and ps4 systems. Not the thinnest TV but is masterfully disguised when viewing from the front due to the truly slim bezel. I really like this TV for this price point. I also own a Panasonic Plasma P55ST50 and consider myself a bit of an image snob. This TV has good color accuracy and black levels for the price point and a quick enough refresh rate for gaming. Would definitely recommend.SCEPTRE X405BV-FHDR Cyber Monday Steal
This product is everything I expected and more - very well packaged, all items needed to assemble protected in individual ziplock baggies, a snap to set up, almost intuitively, even hooked to DVR player all in under 30 minutes. Came with instruction manual, remote, batteries, screws, screwdriver, and even a packaged microfiber cloth for cleaning screen.

Decided on this model from Walmart after reviewing numerous brands on this site and other sites for this size, features, prices, and ratings. My thanks to reviewers who mentioned positive points about this item that are not mentioned in the advertising.

Buying this model was an easy decision after reading a lot of reviews. It arrived at my door in four days after ordering - very pleased with the product and prompt delivery.Exceptional product for price
Although I have heard of the brand name ( Spectre ) The features on it are the same as a 20 inch Vizio we bought last year for almost $400.00. We love it.Great price for a 40 inch HDTV
Was very nervous about getting it shipped to my house due to stories of people receiving busted or cracked screens but it was packed well & was in great condition.. Was easy to set up.. Had to do a lot of adjusting to get the sound right but was able to get the quality just right.. A mistake on my part was that I did not know tv's are measured diagonally & not straight across so I was thinking my tv was missing about 4 inches .. Lol.. Until I was informed otherwiseExcellent service
beautiful picturegreat value
I got quite a bang for my buck, For well under $300 I bought a 40' LED HD TV. I can't afford Cable right now, I have an antenna on it. The picture is great. I'm getting about 9 channels. I'm more than happy with my purchase. I purchased it online and in less than a week it was delivered right to my door. I had no problem setting it up. This is a GOOD product.Really a nice TV for the money
I was skeptical about buying an "Unknown" brand of TV. But the user reviews were good, and the price was right. Setup was easy, and picture quality was okay hooked up to the satellite dish, but improved tremendously when we got the hi def hookup. This is the first LCD TV we've owned, and we're more than satisfied.Excellent value. Does just what I wanted.
This was replacement for my bedroom. It's a great buy and a good product.40" Sceptre TV
I bought the first one 6mo. ago . Liked it so much I bought another just like it a couple of weeks ago . Very pleased !!Best tv by far for the price
I love it. It's great for everything I want to do (movies, TV, Xbox 360) with a great picture. The sound is good too but I still hooked it up to my surround sound. I do wish I had known I needed an external antenna before I left the store tho.Excellent tv
purchased this TV last year around christmas, it works greatlove
I bought this tv as A gift for my Sister! She got it much earlier than my husband and I had anticipated! I assembled the base to this television, and hooked it up to the antenna! Reception was incredible, as was the picture!!! What a great deal! Totally satisfied! Got a 4 year warranty from Square Trade for it! Good t go!Nice television for the money!
The quality is surprisingly great!Great picture!
2nd one I have purchased. the first one a year ago, still enjoying, the 2nd one on board for a few weeks. FANTASTIC picture. Sound is better with external speakers but liveable without.best TV in flat screens for the money
This T.V is great! looks awesome, was easy to set up, plugged my computer to it, works great!
I looked around for a bit before I bought this one, I'm fully satisfied
The price $ I paid for the size (40") best deal around, no question
I'd tell a friend!

I used site-to-store delivery, no problems -easy way to shopWOW!!! What a great T.V./ buy
This is the second Sceptre I've bought and they are really great tv's for the money!crisp and clear
I usually don't submit ratings but I do read them, I figured it was time to do my part. What better item then this TV. This TV its a great deal. I was a little hesitant at first because all I buy is name brand items, well this is a game changer. The sound is good, definitely more then you need, I have trouble hearing and have no problem with the sound. The picture is better then my Sony which cost a whole lot more. When you buy this television you will be glad you did.Great Deal
i read a LOT of product reviews to make sure we getting the best value for our money on Black Friday this year, and while reviews were a little mixed on this TV, they were good enough for us to take a chance. And we are SO glad we did. Picture is wonderful, and sound is too- the speakers come out of the bottom, not the sides, which is a different effect and overall pretty good. One concern was that many people had problems with the sound going in and out- turns out, the TV does this on purpose. It has a special setting that allows the TV to automatically adjust the sound based on the program (you know how the commercials are always louder than the program? This setting adjusts that automatically). So if you follow the manual to turn this setting off, you don't have that problem. There's a USB port and all sorts of smart settings that make this such an ease to use. We hooked it up to our XBox 360 no problem, and wow is the picture gorgeous! i DO recommend inspecting the box on the outside before you take it home. The inside doesn't have any have any protective packing inserts over the screen, so make sure the box doesn't have any gouges or holes that could indicate a problem on the inside. Even though this is an after market brand, it's really, really worth it- and i don't spend my money easily! i know this review is kind of long, but it was reading reviews that helped me make my decision, so i hope this helps someone else too.totally worth it!
I mounted this on the wall in the bedroom. It has a great picture and the remote is easy to use.Awesome picture
Got this TV from the walmart website, free shipping, and it came relatively quick.
When i got it the neck of the tv was snapped in half but it was just cover to make it look pretty so i just super glued it...
The picture was awesome when i turned it on. the sound is pretty bad tho.. I would recomend getting a sound system for it.
The only bad thing about it was that it had a dead pixle.. with me that doesnt fly so i returned it and i have another one on its way..
All in all great TV for the price, Who needs a name brand tv anyways?? as long as it works well go for it!Awesome for the price!
Don't laugh at me, I know I am behind but this is my very first Flat Screen TV. I've experienced flat screen TV's before from family & friends, but never had one personally. I am satisfied with my purchase. It not only arrived on time, it actually arrived way earlier than expected, which was Awesome! The assembly of the base was easy, mind you I am a single female with no male in the household. So the base was easy to assemble on my own, it arrived in excellent condition, and was easy to connect to the devices I already have in the home, the instructions also explains how to connect each device to the TV. The viewing quality is awesome, I was worried about the sound before I got it, b/c I've heard flat screens don't really project a good/loud enough sound, but this TV's sound is awesome to me, & I personally like a good/loud sound for when I watch movies and etc. Overall my experience so far is excellent, and hopefully it stays that way. Included in the box is the TV of course, LOL! The base, A remote, Batteries for the remote, Separate instructions on how to fix up the base, Main instructions for the base again/care for the TV/Connecting Devices, how to work remote/TV/ & etc. Overall loving this TV.Loving my First Flat Screen TV! :)
Amazing for the price. I went straight from CRT to this. HD is awesomeCRT switch
Good picture. Decent sound. No problems setting up. Can't beat this price. 2 weeks into it with no issues. Hopefully this will last.everything seems good
I bought this TV as a gift for my boyfriend. There are so many mixed reviews on this product that I decided it would be best to see it for myself. I ended up getting a great deal for a very nice TV. The picture is great and even though it is only 60Hz it flows smoothly. I haven't had any problems with the sound that other buyers experienced. I love all of the available USB ports and I am very happy with this product. I believe people who have complained about this product may have simply got a bad TV batch. I recommend getting an extended warranty for anyone that is on the fence about getting this TV. GREAT BUY!Big TV for a Great Price
I thought I would wait a month or two before reviewing. It's been two months and this Tv is awsome, great picture quality, nice size and tons of bells and whistels! The only down side to this Tv this far has been the sound quality. That said it does have an EQ and several presets so it can be tweeked, and if that is not enough you can do like I did and add a surround system, because actually most of the flat screens I have seen do not have great sound systems. The thing I like most about this Tv, is the aspect ratio button, which lets you stretch or shrink the picture to the original recording aspect ratio. Also this Tv has lots of in and outs, you can even hook it up to your computor as a monitor if thats your thing, or if you have Netflixs. For the money this Tv can not be beat, and I looked at a lot of Tv's before going with this one. Before purchasing a new Tv, I did alot of research and read a lot of reviews, and as is with most things you buy on the internet, it had some bad reviews but overwelmingly most reviews were positive. I think like most items you purchase, every once in a while a bad one slips through! luckily that was not the case for me, so good luck, and hope you enjoy your new Tv, no matter what brand you decide on!heckava TV
The picture quality is great. The set up was easy. It was up and running in a few minutes. I would recommend this tv to anyone that wants to good tv, but isn't interested in buying something just for the name.Great value for price and quality.
No complaints. Worked right out of the box!!Exceptional Product For The Money !
I bought this TV for a sun porch. I have had it for about a month and watch it nearly every day. So far no complaints. I have no real problems with glare and the picture is great.
I had it shipped site to store, and the whole process was pretty painless. I was in and out in 5 minutes.

It lacks some of the features that you would find in more expensive sets (like input naming) and switching sources could be a little more intuative, but if you are looking for a simple TV with a good picture at a cheap price, this set meets all of those criteria.So Far So Good!
This is my first TV I've bought in a while. I Trolled the reviews from walmart and about 10 other sites and they all only had one issue a dead pixel here or there. I Have one dead pixel that you can hardly even see, only when the entire screen is white. But Seriously this TV is awesome my 360 works excellent with it and i picked up that $6 HDMI cable and its works like a charm. for $348 this is Bar none. Exceptional Clarity in 1080p it has all the inputs you can dream about 4 HDMi's, Audio out, RCA, component, digital audio. The TV sound isn't the best but come on that's why they sell surround sound right? Plus Walmart undercut all of their compettetors by a hundred or more $$$ so I am one happy camper. Came in the exact day Site to store had predicted they shipped it VIA fedex from Chicago. Seriously don't hesitate you wont be sorry!Why buy LG when you can get this for CHEAP!
This television is great! I got it pretty cheap during the "cyber weekend" (the period following Black Friday up to Cyber Monday, now called "cyber weekend.") I really couldn't ask for anything more. The picture is great. The sound quality is great (I thought that would have been a problem.) And it works as well as any other tv I have seen to date. It may not be as good as a $2,000 set, but its as good as any set under $1,000 in my opinion. Why spend the extra money when this one works just the same?FANTASTIC TV
This tv is well worth the money. At first i was doubting it but i've had it for 4 months and it got great picture alot of hookups the sound is what i expexted not great but average. so i added a home theater system i love this tv i just wish now i would've added 30 more bucks and got the 42''AWESOME!!!!
This TV is great quality @ a great price.Great TV
People have commented on how good the picutre is. Great buy.Awesome buy for the money
My TV arrive quicker than expected,no damage & dropped where I wanted it. I love UPS. It functions perfectly & has an excellent picture quality. Had it for a month now w/no issues. For the lowest price 40" 1080 TV I could find (12-3-11) It surpasses my expectations.great tv
If you are looking for a great buy, GRAB this one quick. I was very skeptical of the "brand" but did some research and decided to order it based upon the reviews and research. I was more than satisified. Much better than a "name brand" I had just purchased for the bedroom. Highly recommend this one.Exceptional Value !!!!!!
had it for a month, no trouble, for the price i got the service plan also.
paper work with the tv says it has a one year warranty.
has a great picture on the over the air hd channels , and is internet tv ready!
great value!.great value
I bought this tv for use in our bedroom. I was originally looking at a 37" Vizio but the price on this was lower and the screen a little larger. No problems so far. I am using Directv sat(HD) as my main source of programming and am very pleased with the performance of this tv.A nice TV for the price.
Let me start off by saying this is my first LCD tv. I've owned projection tv's up until this one. I got a 1080p tv for the price of a smaller and 720p one. It's amazing picture. The sound is great. The only 2 negatives I have are: 1.) standard RCA ports; because there's only one set. 2.) The silver stripe on the bottom of the tv border. It's distracting, but not when you're watching tv at least. It would have been better all black.

Summarized: If this tv is still $329, you should definitely get it.Price was a steal for this amazing tv
Awesome TV. Very clear and sharp picture. Looks great and sounds great!! Great Value!! Highly recommend!!!AWesome TV!!!
Awesome tv, sound and picture are amazing!! GREAT deal!bhamer
I was skeptical about this TV but after reading the reviews I decided to give it a try. It arrived quickly and took 10 minutes to set up. The picture quality is excellent. I am very happy with this TV. Great Value!Very Happy with this TV!
This is a nice size TV for the price. We first bought one for my mom. One year later, we got one for ourselves. The picture is clear. The sound is great. We love it. But, if your a hard-core gammer. I think I would get one that is 120 Hz. And Remember, it only has one RCA output. So if your going to hook up more the one device with RCA Jacks. You'll need a RCA spliter or a audio/video selector box.Perfect size TV with a perfect price.
I had purchased a 32" TV from another vendor and it arrived damaged. After the refund and damage problem, I decided to purchase where I could take product back to store if there was another problem. I was lucky enough to find this TV on sale and decided to try Walmart home delivery. It came within a few days in perfect condition. I'm very pleased with the 40" TV that I got for close to the same price as the 32" one I bought on black friday that was damaged. It has a beautiful picture and the sound is very good without surround sound. I'm very happy with the purchase and would recommend this TV to a friend.excellant value tv
I bought this one month ago and the 3 year warranty which was another $20. I chose the Site to Store delivery and it arrived in around one week even though the estimated time was around two weeks. I use this as a monitor for my living room PC and have had no problems at all with it so far. The speakers are fine but I use external speakers anyways which are connected to the PC. Set up was simple using the stand. It has 3 HDMI inputs but I only need one. The remote is fine which I only use for turning it on. I've only heard of Sceptre by looking for monitors on newegg.com. Googling the company I found their wikipedia article which states, "Their LCD TV'S are typically amongst the lowest priced on the market for models of comparable size and features. As of January 6th 2012 all their LCD'S 42" and under were 359.98 or lower on Wal Mart.com. They also have been one of Walmart's top selling brands. As of July 4, 2012, Spectre models accounted for 7 of the top 10 best selling television models at WalMart.com." Overall I'm very satisfied and feel the price is excellent.Great Value
I needed a TV that would also double as a computer monitor.
I did a lot of research on all kinds of different manufacturers and I was very impressed with the results for this Sceptre. With a rating of 15+ years and a 90.000:1 ratio, it beat out some of the well known name brands. I was a bit leery about purchasing this sight unseen, but others had given some really great reviews.
I had my new Sceptre shipped Site to Store. It arrived in about 6 days from the order time.
I got it home and set up. The stand seemed a bit wobbly, but it doesn't really move once it was set up on the table. Very easy to understand where to plug in all of the components. It did the auto-scan for channels when it 1st started up. The pictures was very sharp and clear with no bad pixels. Easy to understand Menu and I was able to navigate it with no problems. The sound was not that bad, but I had a sound bar that I used. On the PC side, it correctly detected the resolution with no issues. The only feature I would have liked to have had was a "gaming mode" but it really was not a big deal.
This really is not a con, but, when you 1st turn it on it displays SCEPTRE in big red letters, then goes to the PC or TV. It takes about 10 to 15 seconds for it to some on.
I have had this Sceptre for over 1 week now and I am very pleased with my purchase.
I would definitely recommend this to friends and my Mom has already bought the same brand in the 32" size.You can't go wrong buying this TV.
This television has lived up to all the reviews that were good. The picture and sound are excellent. I read all the reviews before purchasing, I was not sure what I was getting with such a good price. It was worth every penny.Awesome Purchase
I love this tv. So far, the only problem that i have had with the tv was the sticky residue peeling off the sticker. The tv picture is awesome. The sound is not the best, but I plugged it into my stereo and the sound improved. I bought the tv here on walmart.com for $319.99 + tax + shipping. In stores, I saw the price of this tv, no joke, to be $499.99 in walmarts.Excellent product for the price
I've had this TV for about 2 weeks and I'm impressed with the quality, setup was easy and plenty of inputs and outputs for connecting your other equipment, the only reason I rated the sound as good is, it's advertised as virtual surround sound, and I've yet to see any sound bar or other virtual unit rate excellent as surroundgreat tv for the price
Got this flat screen for my mom's 70th birrhday and not only did she love it but it totally rocks -- so happy i got it and will definitely get one for me :-)awesome flat screen!!
I love the picture, the sound, and the weight. but most of all the price. Most of the brand name TV's the price was much higher. I would recommend this TV to anyone who lives in a apartment where space is a little limited.Excellent TV for a Apartment
At first, I was skeptical from some who posted negative reviews. As a result, I read through so many reviews. I decided to purchase it based on all of the other positive reviews. I am so glad I did. For the price that they are paying for it, I just don't understand why they knock it. By the way, there is ABSOLUTELY NOTHING WRONG WITH THE SPEAKERS! I would much rather buy this 40" tv for the price I paid than to buy the same size for $200 more.Awesome TV, you won't be dissapointed!
This caught me by surprised my T.V was delivered to me before I could count 1,2,3.... It was really a pleasure when I opened the box. Big and Beautiful, hooked it up in no time I also played around with the menu button and I got all the Features I wanted. The picture is so vivid, crisp and clean it also has swivel base so you can turn to any position and that's also a plus.... Overall I Love it.... Thanks again Walmart !!!!Love my Sceptre x405BV 40 inch Tv....
So far I'm happy with this tv for the price. It looks good and I've had no problems with it so far.Nice for the Price!
I bought this television online about a month ago. The price has went down thirty bucks since then which is frustrating, but other than that, I am satisfied with my purchase. The picture and sound quality is great! The box was light and the unit was easy to set up. Great TV for the price! I also bought an HDMI cable for my laptop, and it also works well.Excellent!
I boght this for my 2 sons, for Christmas for their playroom. I honetly couldn't belive how good the picture quality was.. The price was great and the price couldn't be beat.Grear picture qulity!
Love this tv so far great picture, excellent sound!Excelent choice I made with this purchase.
Picture with HD input is as good as my Sony for 1/2 the price.
Sound is lacking but, overall a good buy.Great TV
Purchased this brand after much research and found that this brand was dependable and at an affordable price. I just want a TV that plays movies, games and such. The picture quality is very good and it has all features any other TV of this style has to offer. For someone who grew up with black and white TV's with snow and lines part of the time...this TV "rocks"...:-)Great product for the price
I bought this because my daughter busted my 42" tv I had for 3 years. I was pretty bummed but once I got this tv and got it hooked up it was actually a lot nicer than I had expected. I've had it for 2 weeks or so now and I am still very satisfied with my purchase.Nice tv
I bought this TV for a bedroom. The picture quality is as good as my expensive TV. The sound is a little weak, but acceptable. Overall, it's very nice for the price.Nice TV for the price
Clear picture and sound is good. Easy to hook up to our sat. service. good value for the money.great television
Picture quality is excellent, picture is very clear, sound is a little low however great value for the money. Tv stand was easy to assemble.Great picture quality
Wow, a 40" TV for $248 on Thanksgiving (Thursday) online. Couldn't pass it up. And it was delivered free of charge the following Saturday. That was a real surprise. The TV has a swivel stand which is great for us. The picture is crisp and clear and the sound is sharp. Its as good as any of the higher priced 40" LCD TV out there. Thanks Walmart. You made my day.What a deal
This is a perfect TV and great price! They shipped it to my door for a total caost of 250 bucks! It even came with the Screwdriver to attach the base and the batteries for the remote!Fantastic Deal
I am very pleased with my television purchase. The picture quality is great. The sound is average. Most of all the price was right!!! I would recommend this product.Great Price For Great Quality
This is my second 40" Sceptre TV from Walmart. My girlfriend bought me one for the den in her place and I love it. So when we upgraded the TV in her bedroom to my 32" I purchased this TV for my place in the city, Easy set up clear picture. I have it set up through the HDMI in and output on my Yamaha receiver, so i experience great sound as well.
The purchase at Walmart was easy with quick delivery. Bottom line is for $259 you can't do better.Best TV Bargain out there
Have Used 14 Of These So Far For Business NO TROUBLE, Unlike The Samsungs I Used To UseGREAT FOR The PRICE
Great Value! Great TV...Love my Sceptre 40 inch..i have 3 in my house!Sceptre 40" Class LCD
Have had this TV for 1 week. Couldn't be happier. I llive in a mobile home with an open concept kitchen/living room so the 40" is the perfect size. I chose the free shipping option and was told my delivery date would be the 13th or 14th (ordered it on the 4th) It arrived on the 7th in excellent condition. The instructionw were easy to understand and I had it up and working in short order. I was a little concerned about the reviews I had read about the quality of the speakers as I am a little hard of hearing but the audio is clear. I did purchase the 3 yr warranty Wal Mart offers just in case as this is a brand name I am unfamiliar with. Have not connected anything other than the satellite cable so far but all ports are clearly identified so should not be any problem connecting a VCR and DVD player.Love this TV
This tv is great and it was a great price. The picture clarity is great. Blu rays are extremely clear and so are video games. The only downfall to this tv is that the sound quality is not that great, but if you're looking for a moderately inexpensive tv this should be your first consideration.Great TV for the price that you pay.
TV arrived really fast - like two days and was just as described. Really nice set for the price. Very happy with its performance and it was a breeze to set up.Really nice set
omg this cant be beat really a nice tv excellent valuewow
Am very happy with my new purchase of the 40" Sceptre T V. Was easy to set up and am enjoying it very much.New Sceptre 40" T V
Color and sound is great. Came quickly and undamaged. Very happy with this product.Beautiful clear picture and great sound.
Excellent product...just had it set up for a week now, and it definitely surpasses my expectations. Still haven't figured out how to adjust the volume with my remote control, but am sure that's probably an operator error. Beautiful, colorful, clear pictures...the HDTV really great for Bronco games. Received in 3 days, was easy to set up. So, what are you waiting for??? SDSuper Value for this Price!
This television is fantastic for the money. You'd have to spend at least $200.00 more in order to get better picture quality. It's not SOTA but it also doesn't claim to be. I'd recommend that you purchase a sound bar or run a digital output to a surround (stereo) system as the audio is a bit thin
Overall this set is a bargain. Highly recommend.You Can't Go Wrong...
Tv was delivered 2 days early. UPS man said he is delivering a lot of this brand.
Slim and easy to set up. Not heavy and can be set up without help. I was pleasantly
surprised that it has a swivel base and even has a screw driver included to put it together!Great Price for HD
Easy setup , great picture , average sound get a soundbar.would buy again, recommend to buy
To anyone . Of course its brand new so I will seegreat tv value for the money
For the price, this TV can't be beat. I have looked everywhere and Walmart has the best prices on TVs. Great price and I would challenge the average person to be able to tell the difference between this pic quality and that of a TV twice the price. The only negative is the speakers. Not the highest quality speakers compared to my Vizio and Sony, but it will do. I would absolutely buy another in this size and price range. I probably wouldn't buy a sceptre over a 50", but that's only because I don't want to be forced to buy a surround sound or sound box as you would need it in my opinion to get the best effect in bigger rooms. I have my 40" in my bedroom so the sound travel is not a big deal for me.Great TV for the Price
I love this set. Attractive appearance and first class performance. Exceeded my expectations. Shows excellent performance at lower resolutions. Plus! It automatically reads and displays 1080 resolutions off the cable feed for a spectacular picture. Bought this set to replace one on my outside covered patio and I found out a small quirk on this set over the set I am replacing. The screws that where used to mount the old set to the swing bracket where bigger than ones needed to mount the Sceptre. This model of the Sceptre uses a smaller M5 metric size screw and 2 different lengths. The smaller one specified is harder find at the local home improvement store. What I did was use a stainless steel M5 screw and bought some extra stainless steel washers to shim the screw insertion length to the correct size. Use the stainless steel hardware outside...it is worth the little extra cost.Very high "Bang for the Buck" Super Value!
We purchased this for a vacation home. Very pleased with the picture, quality, and sound. Great buy!Amazing Quality TV for Price
Price is great too, got for my grandson that lives in our basement in his man cave and loves his new TV.. Sceptre is a very good brand and will highly recommend..Excellent picture and sound...
I bought this product to replace an older unit.I am more pleased about this purchase than any I've made in years.It has so many features and the quality is superior. All was not anticipated because of the low price. I am more pleased with this purchase than any I have made thus far in my life.Best buy available today.
Super lightweight which makes it easy to move from room to room, and the picture is great! Thinking about purchasing another.Amazing product
40 inch is great for my humble abode. I have 14 foot wide room and the picture is just fine for that distance. The picture is fine clarity and does great on cable but is even better for movies on discs. Do not leave your cable on when you use a disc, they seem to fight each other.
You must set the picture settings to your liking then it is great. The pre set are OK but they are not the best so read the instructions and get the right clarity.
It has 3 outputs for sound so when I have it hooked up to my sound system the sound is great. The TV speakers are OK but not good enough for me. The good thing is when you shut off JUST the TV, the whole system volume goes off.It is big enough that the picture fills the room
I've had this t.v. for about a year, got it for Christmas last year. I've used it quite a bit, from the day I got it up until even now. No issues with audio like everyone has complained about. Every port still works good, has a preset timer to use for powering off on its own to keep energy savings up as well. It is also a super light flat screen (can use one hand alone to carry it if you're strong enough) but nonetheless shouldn't be too heavy. Works great and wouldn't know what to do without having it besides using the old 32" tube t.v I have.Works great even after a year of use!
This tv works great. The resolution is wonderful, compared to the 32" 720p that we had. I would recommend this tv over anything else.Great Picture!
I am very happy with this T.V. and the cost was even better.T.V.
Was expecting a middle to low quality tv but ended up getting a fantastic item! Great picture quality, great sound, wonderful overall. Very satisfied!Excellent
It isn't one of those TVs with all the smart options, but if you want to connect your computer, you can do that too. I chose this because it is one of the few TVs left that has a VGA/Audio connection to do just that. The size for the money is really nice. You get 1080P and LED without all the "Smart" stuff which is all fluff anyways.Good TV for the Money
Very easy to set-up. Takes a little time to get to the next channel when changing channels but overall I have been very satisfied with this item.Great TV for the price.
the tv got a white line in the picture so I contacted sceptre and the want to fix it but I think it should be replaced since I bought it on 3-7-12 and it was less than a week oldthe picture is great but it came with a white line
This is a very good TV with an excellent price. I would reccomend it to anyone who is looking for a quality inexpensive HDTV. I put mine in the master bedroom, but it is also a good size for the living room or den.This is a great bargain.
After going to my local WalMart and finding out they had NOTHING in stock in my price range ($350.00 to $450.00), I decided to give walmart.com a try. First off, for the price I paid for this tv, the local store could not even come close to what I got online for the price. For $331 and some change, I got a 40 inch lcd, with 4 HDMI inputs, and it turned out to be a very good tv so far. You'd be lucky to get a 32 inch with less features for this price ANYWHERE!!! If it lasts at least a couple of years at the least, I will feel I have more than gotten my moneys worth. Overall, I'd have to say it was well worth it.Very Good TV
ses it for Modern Warfare3 on Xbox360Good So Far
very pleased with the tv. good sound and picture quality. nice to have good quality in a low budget bracket.good tv for the price
This tv is great. the ship to store was great and easy to get. The tv has great color sound is ok if you tinker with it i just hooked it up to my surround sound and i got a hdmi dvd player that plays dvds in hd. awsome. the tv was very easy to set up took maybe 10 mins if that and started watching great for the budget that i was working with could not of done better..thanks walmart.comgreat and just the right size ..
Saw this tv for $320 and another on amazon for $350 but the next day the price dropped and after about 2 months of skimming over nonsensical specs and running store to store I decided to pull the trigger. I couldn't be happier this is a great tv period. This is great upgrade for anyone who still has a tube tv. The sound is mediocre and tinny but that is what i expected from that is less than 2 inches thick. I had an extra stereo so I hooked that up and now it sounds great, I recommend purchasing some speakers and/or a subwooferGreat starter tv
An upgrade from an older model HD TV, the first flatscreen I have purchaced. Good display and sound, as good as my older model, but pretty bare bones for features, no picture in picture or scan. The remote is good but pretty directional (bottom right of unit), you can perform all the remote services from the side of the TV if the remote is lost. All the hookups are in the back, pointing downword but easy to get to. Took me all of 5 minutes from out of the box to viewing and most of that was scanning for channels. Built in Digital Tuner so both Analog and Digital are displayed.

Overall, a good TV for the price paid, well satisfied with my purchace.Sceptre 40" LCD 1080p TV
Research shows most off-brand TV's are made by major manufacturers. This is an excellant viewing TV. Nice sharp picture. Required a little tuning from user menue to adjust the colors, but can easily be done by the average user. Shipping was free and it arrived in only 2 days, not the week suggested. I would buy another at this price.Excellant Value for on line deal, Nice Picture!
I'm a technophobe, so all I did was plug it in. Never read the manual, so I don't know if perhaps I could tweak the sound a bit. At first I thought the sound could be better, but now I'm used to it. No complaints really. At $319 you can't beat the value. Swivel stand is a nice bonus.Great tv for the price
So this is my first time dipping my toes into the hdtv pond and I guess as a first time buyer and user it meets expectations as well as needs. But I really must say compared to my sisters more expensive, name brand hdtv, the picture quality is pretty much average, almost just like my old tube television. Either way I'm happy with the purchase, and I'm okay with getting exactly what I paid for.Great price, good t.v.
I bought this tv for my parents. Turned out great specially for the price. The picture and color is good . So far they dont have any HD channels to review this tv fully, but dvd is also giving great picture.We have no problems with it so far. I have purchased a 4 yr warranty just in case. But I would recommend this tv. Picture quality is better then toshiba 32 inch that we initially bought and returned because it was too small for the room.Great for the price
So i was sketchy whether to buy this non-name brand, i took the risk and am now reaping the rewards! It picture quality is up there with Vizio . I was debating whether to get this Sceptre or the 40inch RCA . I'm glad i bought this the TV looks amazing even just sitting there. I did purchase the 2 year warranty as i would with any product. Take the chance you'll be more than happy with this.Great tv , great value, looks pretty good
The SONY in the living room is better, but much more expensive. This TV is great for the bedroom.

TURN OFF THE DYNAMIC CONTRAST FEATURE for a better picture. It seemed the backlighting was automatically adjusting based on the scene content, which was very noticable during a back-and-forth conversation where the camera shot changed as each person spoke. The backlighting would dim on shot A, then brighten again on shot B, dim back on shot A, etc... It was very annoying, as it auto adjustment took a second or two each time the scene changed.

Fortunity, I remembered reading the features on the TV box, one of which was Dynamic Contrast, which I figured worked by adjusting the backlighting to cheat on the contrast ratio spec (blacker blacks and whiter whites, but not at the same time). I turned off the Dynamic Contrast feature, and it's much better.Good for the price +TURN OFF DYNAMIC CONTRAST
I Got this TV during the $300 deal. I must say, it is a great TV given the price even if it isn't a name brand.

Pros:
- 4 HDMI ports
- VGA Port
- USB Support
- Other Connection support (RCA, Composite, S-Video)
- Great 1080p picture
- Light and low Profile
- 'Fake' Surround Sound actually works really well(at least in my family room)
Cons
- The base is very wobbly, I recommend a wall mount
- The audio out is only RCA, no Optical Digital Audio unfortunately.
- There is a slight audio Lag when I funnel my sound through my surround sound (direct from my xbox, so maybe that is the problem) and no way to set a delay that I can find.Great TV for the Price.
Great 1080 HD TV. 3 HDMI. Good value. Cannot find programming codes that work with satellite remote. Otherwise very happy.great TV for the price
This is a veru good product. The picture is perfect. But the sound could be better. It comes with everything you need. The only think i didnt like was the shipping/delivery. UPS was terrible! They would not deliver to my house they kept trying to give it to the nneighbor. I had to go to their office and pick it up myself.love it
I got this television on black friday for $330 online. Shipping was fast and television came in undamaged. I read previous reviews saying the audio was terrible and how bad of a problem people were having with the picture. The picture was incredible for my xbox even though I had the first generation old school HD cables. I watch a lot of netflix as well through my xbox and the streaming was as clear as any HD t.v I have seen. My parents have a 55" sanyo at their house and honestly for certain things I believe the sceptre has a better picture. As for sound the sound does cause a feedback noise when watching movies that are older and ONLY if you don't change the settings off of the system they have that tries to automatically adjust it. When watching cable and newer tv shows/movies there is no problem at all with the audio. Unless you have trouble hearing or are sitting very far away from the tv the audio quality is just fine.Really good T.V. for the price
Primary tv used daily good color and sound
So far
ThanksMeet our expectations and Value
i have antenna tv and the local channels provide hd and for the money, u can't beat this one. only con is the connection ports are kind of hard to get tooh yea
When I first got this tv, I wasn't sure what to expect after reading all the comments but thought that it was probably worth what the selling price was. We love the picture and the ease of setup but as with most of the comments, the sound could be better. I did find a way to get rid of the weird tin sound but figure that some day I would upgrade this minor problem. All in all, I would definitely recommend this tv despite some little flaws.Great value
This is replacing my 29" tube TV. I needed a larger WIDE screen tv. At this price, under $300 with the 3year warranty. Be aware that the warranty says that it is from time of purchase, not extended. So this would make it 2years extended. Would have went for 4. Anyway. I am using it with a Verison STD def box. I gets a good picture, but not hi def. I also have a Western Digital streaming smart box connected to the hdmi. This gives me all the everything I need in hi def.

Setup: had it up and working very quickly. Menu is easy to understand. The Verizon remote was easy to set up. I did notice that I could not control the TV sound, so I set the TV volume to near max and programmed the remote to use the volume on the set top box. The TV volume is ok for a normal room. I use the output jacks for a wireless head set so I don't miss anything. I do have a sound bar but I don't think I will need it.

All in All, I gave it good marks because it does what I need it to do in the room that I bought it for.This is a nice TV for the price
On a fixed income and it is a quality product for the cost.Nice
Volume on tv while using it to view DVR shows is low but a great sound bar is awesime idea as a product to sell with tv.Great product
Got it for my dad and he loves it.Excellent
a very basic tv but since I already have a blue ray DVD with internet connection, I am still able to have netflix. Sound is pretty bad but I also already has a set of speakers I could plug in to make it better. I didn't have the money to replace my tv but the price of this tv and the things I already had made it a good value for mebasic but for the price it was nice
Perfect choice for the price. It has all that you need. It's not a name brand by no means but that wasn't what you came to buy anyways. I say go for it. We love itNot bad at all
Only reason I did not give it 5 stars was because of the sound. Outside of that the tv is a good tv.Good tv but the sound is not that great
I bought this tv sight unseen and because the reviews were good I decided to go for it. It is a good television with lots of options and features. You can connect a roku streaming stick to the tv which is nice and is a good size. It's not overwhelming for my living room and the picture is pretty good. I only watch tv a couple of hours a week so it gets the job nicely done.Decent TV for the Price
I ordered the this flat screen on sunday afternoon and got it Tuesday which means 2 days with no shipping on sundays which is great on a tv I expected thursday with rush delivery but I had the misfortune of getting a tv maybe mishandled and sent with a huge crack in the screen once turned on horrible thing to happen but took 3-5 min on the phone with walmart and sent me out right away with only having to sign in my account and hit sign when they ask if you are ok with up or fedex to pick up the broken tv and meanwhile once you hit sign it starts the shipping of the new tv so i get it today so hope all goes wellAwesome for the price
Beatifulsceptre x405BV-FDHR
I only gave it 4 stars due to me only having this TV for a couple weeks. So far its has a very nice picture easy to set up and very light under 20lbs, I added the extended 4 year warranty for like 30 more dollars so over all a nice 40" TV with 4 year extended warranty for around 300 bucks! This TV is probably the most bang for your buck long as im not returning it every 6 months if so I will be editing this post!Great TV for the price.
I have only had for a week, so far it was a good buy, great picture, sound not so good am gonna purchase a sound bar! took 12 days to receive thru site to store had better luck shipping to home!good price
Had this tv for a week and it's not bad, it has a good picture and sound. A really great value for only $300.00Not bad
I picked up one of these for a spare bed room becuse the price point was perfect and I needed a replacement! The product performs as expected and even has a USB2.0 slot for hooking up external hard drives and digital camera cards via a USB adapter. The sound quality is not on par with more expensive televisions however it does contain an in depth equalizer combined with SRS gets it about where it needs to be. The same can be said for the picture, the color seems muted and required a bunch of tuning to get it just right.

Overall I am happy with the buy and may buy this brand again if needing a quick and cheap replacement.Great Value
I've had this TV for about 4 months now, and I have NO issues. The only issues I would say is that the sound output is LOWER on this TV than the 32" I have with this same brand. I can turn the volume all the way to 100 on the 40" but its still NOT as loud as the 32". And the remote that comes with the TV is sort of complicated, but of course with anything in life once you get used to it you learn what to do.
The stand that came with the TV was easy to assemble: it came with all the tools you need and the TV even came with batteries for your remote.

For those that just want a TV this is it. No need to spend extra dollars for the brand name. But if you want a TV that has all the extra components and WiFi and what not, maybe you should look someplace else.FOR THOSE THAT JUST WANT A TV, THIS IS IT!
This is a good TV for the price. Colors are a little muted, even at the vivid setting, and may need to be adjusted. Sound could be better, and benefits from a surround sound system. If you're willing to pay $1000, you can probably get a better TV; but for the price, this one should meet your expectations.Good TV for the price
We bought this TV for our bedroom. Great value. We didn't want to spend a lot. As long as my husbnd is happy, I'm happy.40" TV
TV was easy to set up and get started. Only drawbacks are the sound quality and the power plug in the outlet. The sound quality can be overcome by purchasing a soundbar, which we now have a desire to do. The power plug on the other hand, doesn't seem like it can be overcome. The TV doesn't get power when plugged in all the way like normal TV's do. I have to "jimmy" with the plug and lightly pull it out of the socket until it gets power (i.e. when the standby red light comes on). Overall though, i'm impressed with this TV.Great Value for the Money, Some Drawbacks Though
The picture color had to be tweaked a little from set up but otherwise everything else on par with a more expensive tv. It was very easy to set up. Only thing I had to add was a HD cable. Walmart had a 12 ft for around $20. Had all the other cables. For the component hook up had to figure out that I needed the red/yellow/white cables in addition to the green/red/blue ones. Hooked up the red/white and voila, sound. Great sound, excellent picture. For the money it was a no brainer. Did site to store with no problems and arrived a little earlier than expected. Sound is great. Placed in bedroom. Setup was about 30 - 45 min. from out of box to up and running. Very pleased.BIG bang for the bucks
There are TV's with many more options, but this one does everything I need at a reasonable price. Sound, picture, and options are all good.Finally, a TV priced to make sense!
Great tv for the price! I have absolutely nothing I should complain About!Great tv
This TV does what I need and has the quality of others costing much more. Overall it is a good value.Good Value, Quality, and Needed Features
The Sceptre 40 inch LCD HDTV is a good value for the low price under $400. The picture is good to very good. However, you must change the power-saving setting to 'vivid' for optimal picture quality; otherwise the picture is mediocre. Another important potential problem that I discovered is that the TV may not be compatible with your Blu-ray or DVD player. When I played DVDs, the sound would skip and then die out. I had to go into the sound function under digital audio and switch the setting from among the three choices: off, PCM, or 5.1CH. This would keep happening until it was impossible to watch a video without having to keep switching the sound setting every few minutes, and even then it didn't always work. The issue was exasperating. I finally called Sceptre's technical support division, and the man told me that this was a common problem that many customers complained about. He described it as a "hand-checking problem", in which the TV and the DVD player did not communicate, presumably due to the fault of the DVD player's older technology. He suggested calling the manufacturer of my DVD player to obtain a firmware update, although my Philips Blu-ray player was only a year and a half old. The technician at Philips told me that there was no firmware upgrade for my model and tried unsuccessfully to reset my unit by phone. The two options offered were: purchase a newer refurbished unit from Philips at a discount or take the unit to an authorized dealer to inspect. In the end, I decided simply to go out and buy a new Blu-ray player and have not had a problem playing videos ever since. Just beware of this potential issue. I sent Sceptre a comment that they should address this common incompatibility in the troubleshooting section of the operating manual. Other than this unexpected expense but relatively simple solution, I am enjoying the Sceptre, although I believe that my 26 inch 720p Toshiba has better picture quality both for TV and videos overall.Attractive LCD HDTV; Beware of a Potential Issue
I was very unhappy with the way this was shipped and left at my door. Normally I would have been happy to have my package a day early but since it is Christmas, delivery notices are VERY important. My order WAS supposed to be a gift from santa; however was quickly revealed by the early delivery on my front porch for EVERYONE to see with no outer box to hide its identity. Not to mention therr for anyone to steal. We were at a christmas program with delivery set for the next day. Pull Into the drive to find the package there In 20 degree weather for several hours. Now my kids know what it is and the BIG gift from santa is from their parents. NICE...Thanks for that.shipping was terrible
easy to set up, great picture, but the sound is a little light.very good TV for the price
Picture quality was perfect. Love this TV!!!!Fantastic TV for the price
You can't beat the price for this TV for the size and quality. It looks just as good as other more well known name brands to me. It has a swivel base that I could never get to feel very stable. It seems like the screen wobbles too much instead of being a stable twist from side to side it kindof teeters back and forth..even with the screws. The picture was no good until we got the HDMI cable and HDTV set up through our satellite provider. All in all, I think it was a great purchase but I purchased the 2 yrs extended warranty in case something crazy happens since it is an unknown brand. oh and walmart was super quick delivering it to my home with no damages and free shipping!Nice for the Price
For the money, an good buy. Sound quality, without a sound system is good which I found surprising.Good TV
Excellent television for the price.Nice Basic TV
For the price this is an excellent choice, Features are good for the price of this TV, Sound Quality is good, Picture Quality is good. Make sure you have or purchase an HDMI cord..Good Value for the price!!!
Finding a 40" LCD HDTV for under $300 .... I was a bit skeptical. After reading all the wonderful reviews, I went ahead and orderd it. I have to say it was a very wise purchase. The picture quality is fantastic, very clear, even at an angle. Yes, the sound isn't the greatest, not a lot of bass in the speakers, but it really isn't all that bad, and since I hook up to a Home Theater anyway, this isn't a problem. What really shocked me though, was I ordered it online Tuesday morning, and was told to expect to wait 7-14 days, but 2 days later, on Thursday morning, I got the email that it had already made it's way from Colorado to Texas that quickly. Of course I saw many other TV's that seemed to be a bit better than this one, but they were all more than double the price. If you're looking for a great product at a low price, you can't go wrong with this TV.Pleasantly Surprised !
Picture and sound are great.Great 40" TV for the money
Love the TV and the quality of my purchase, we have hung it up on my bedroom wall and it looks great and we are enjoying all of the features this brand has to offer.Perfect TV for bed room
I found this to be a good value for a mid-sized hd tv. I scouted many venders before we finally deceided on this particular equipment. I would also have to say that the site-to-store shipping played a 25% part in deceiding our order.really nice first time hd buyer
After owning this for over 6 months, I believe it was about time to give my thoughts on the screen.

First thing, the display:
The display is very detailed and I haven't had any problems with it. I have noticed however that when you start something like a blue ray or my computer, it will sometimes display the old fashion black and white static in a portion of the screen. While this doesn't actually show up when running things, it definitely is a little weird to see sometimes.

Next, the sound:
The only real problem with this television is the sound. The sound isn't of bad quality but just very quiet. It's not so quiet that you won't be able to hear anything while it is on but you will definitely want the rest of the room to be quiet if you want to hear a quiet part in the movie with the television at full volume. Also, while not as bad I have also found that it takes a long amount of time for you to change the volume. The reason why is because the TV doesn't increase how fast the volume changes when you hold down the button longer. Instead, it just goes at the same slow pace of about 3 levels a second out of 100. For me, I knew about the volume problem before I purchased the TV and I have it connected to a surround sound system.

Last of all, Features:
Honestly, I haven't really tried any of the features it's capable of doing. The only thing that I would consider a useful feature on this is that the TV is on a rotational stand that can do up to 45 degrees I believe.

Overall, this TV has good visuals, poor sound, and I would recommend a sound system of some kind if you plan on getting this.Good price, Great display, and poor sound.
Easy to set up, though it did ask to do the channel scan many time and never finished. This may be an issue for some, but since I'm using it for BluRay's, DVD's, VHS's and Netflix, this was not a big deal to me. IF I were using it as a "regular TV" I would have had issues with it. Also, the sound was very poor with the factory default settings. Background music was loud and clear but voices were very poor. After playing around with the sound settings I was able to get voices to an acceptable level. Voices are not great, but they are good enough, and for this price (black Friday sale) it's still a good deal. As far as screen brightness, the instruction say that you should change the video setting from the factory default power saver to vivid. Did that, screen still too dark. I had to additionally significantly turn up the brightness, under manual settings, to a very high setting. Now all is good for my needs (which exclude "regular TV"). This was a very very good black Friday value, but beware of the quirks that will require attention above and beyond what should be expected.Great Value, Some Quirks
So far so good... Menu driven options make quick work of switching between any and all settings... Good quality picture, but the sound is about average... Definitely need surround sound system if this is going to be your main viewing TV... All-in-all a good product at a discount price... Enough savings to add the protection plan, which I would recommend on any electronic purchase...Decent TV for the price...
TV meet my expectation... Great!Good product
When using this television for the first time, I noticed a low frequency hum that never went away. It's a buzzing noise that you'll hear most when you've turned on the television and you're waiting for a signal from whatever source you're trying to access. I hear it all the time, on every source, but it's really only bothersome if there is no sound coming from the television. So, at a quiet part of a movie, during load time on a video game, when you are waiting for a DVD to load; prepare to be bothered. Still, you'll stop noticing it when there is sound, so perhaps I'll get over it. The USB adapter only plays music and shows photos-no video support.Poor sound-Great Value
Quality is ok, speakers are a lil weak but overall ok.Meets my expectations for the price
This 40" Sceptre is great value nice beautiful Picture, dont cut yourself short and make sure to hook it up to 1080 reception to get full benefits..The sounds takes a little tinkering to get the sound right, but not bad for a flat screen..overal great value,,Great Tv for the price ,Excelent Quality
I read the most negative reviews and calculated them at about 10% of the overall total. So 9 out of 10 had a decent to good experience. I rolled the dice and won. I was first drawn to this model by reading Consumer Reports, which gives it a good score. It was the model, going down their list, that met my price point, size requirements, and other considerations, first. No problems so far. The color isn't top notch, and neither is the sound quality, but both are perfectly acceptable. It's a good value choice.Nice value
I've had my Sceptre tv for a month it's my first flat screen, I love it, but you have to keep adjusting the sound from channel to channel, I also loved the price!Great TV for the price
Only had it for a few weeks but so far, I love it!!Great tv, and beautiful picture so far!
For a 40" TV under $300, can't complain. The picture quality and sound is perfect for a small to medium size room. I have my TV mounted on the wall in my bedroom, and have no complaints what so ever.Awesome TV for the price
Good Pictures and a lot of input connections. The features on input is throw back from 3 years ago. Newer TV now only offer 2 HDMI connections and No VGA inputs. This is my third SCEPTRE TV. The first one lasted 2 months and I got a refund and bought this one with the extra 3 years warranty from Walmart. The other TV a 32 inch is going good.Great bang for the buck TV
TV itself is good, picture quality is good but the sound quality stinks. Which for me is fine because I have this 40" in my bedroom and don't need great sound. We have a 50" Sceptre in our living room and have a soundsystem hooked up to the TV which works perfecltt. Great value for the price.Great price, bad sound quality
U CAN NOT BEAT THE PICTURE OR THE PRICEGREAT PICTURE GREAT PRICE
This is a good TV. I was wary of a brand I have never heard of. I did some research and learned that Sceptre has been building TVs and Computer monitors for businesses since the 80s. Only recently have the started going public. I decided to chance it and the reviews helped. I have friends who are big tech nuts. I showed this page to 3 friends before I bought it and they were surprised by the great deal and said this is a great tv from what the specs are. Im rather happy with it.

The PROS

PICTURE

The picture quality is amazing. Some people say 60hz is not that great, I don't know, things seem fine. Occasionally I do notice some blurring if something moves fast on the screen, according to friends that is due to the 60hz. But as I said, its a great picture. I am highly impressed.

If your into old video games like N64, First Gen XBOX, Game cube and other games like that, they still look good. A little blurry due to the size of the screen, but you can play with the Aspect and fix that. (for those that don't know, aspect changes the picture from normal, wide screen, cinematic and other options) I would also recommend adjusting the color option to a high setting. If you don't the older games will look very dull in color.

On a bonus side of adjusting settings. All the different lines you have, TV, AV (plugs) Cable, PC, and 1- 4 HDMI Lines. If you adjust the settings for you games (AV hook ups) it doesn't effect your other lines. I have my color on max for my video games but I don't have to worry about adjusting again for the other lines.

You have hook ups for anything, USB, HDMI, AV, A computer. Its great.

Now the CONS
I would give this TV five stars had the sound not been an issue. I have yet to tweek the settings on the sound. But I am getting annoyed with it. Its unbearable. For the most part its fine. Occasionally the sound will decrease and then increase on its own. Very annoying. The other annoying thing is sometimes the sound, if high pitched, say a musical score or sound in a movie, you get this loud sound like the speakers are going to blow. Even on a low volume. I do not know how to describe this. I have the TV going right now, and its fine. Theres even a musical number going on, like Frank Senatra, lots of horns and stringed instruments. Its coming in perfectly clear and fine. But earlier I was watching a movie and when some of those high pitched ambient sounds came in, the sound was awful. I plan on trying some other speakers.

This really is my only complaint I have about this TV. Its still worth the buy even with the sound issue. I think if your willing to put in a few bucks for speakers, then its fine. Overall I would say this is a very good TVGreat buy, great picture, Impressed.
I bought this for my brother, who overall is very satisfied with the TV. What dropped the rating is the misleading description of a built in digital tuner. It doe's come with a digital tuner but this is only for over the air broadcasts. If you have cable TV you need to buy a digital tuner, otherwise you only pick up the analog channels on cable. Luckily I was able to find digital tuner on another website for $35.No Digital Tuner for Cable TV
Great TV at Great price. This is the second Sceptre 40" TV I got from Walmart. The first one worked so well that I decided to buy a second one. I would say the first one has a better quality. This one is a bit slow in changing channels. Other than that, it worked great.Great deal with great picture and good sound.
after reading many reviews about this brand name i thought i would post a review on it. the brand name ''sceptre'' has been around for some time, they use to make desktop monitors which is what i am using right now. i have 2 desktop monitors that i use to use for high end gaming and i must say i am not disappointed with how long(5 years) they have lasted and the performance i have gotten from this brand, TV included! at this price its a steal which is why i grabbed it on sale for 249$ dont let the name fool you, this is a quality brand!! i would have given 5 stars but the sound like most TV's is lacking but i have it hooked up to a surround sound so it is no big deal, buy it!!brand name
This is my first LED TV and after two weeks I am impressed. Bright picture, nice remote no issues so far. And you can't beat the price.Can't beat it for the price
well, its a lesser expensive tv. But it has met all my expectations. Picture quality is good, not great. I have a samsung hight end 50in plasma in my front room so its a high standard for this tv to go up against but for an lcd, its more than adequate. To get 40in for $300 is darn good so I gotta give it a good review. I did notice some motion blur during a video game so keep in mind, its not for a hardcore gamer like myself, I only use it in my bedroom where I only watch movies with the misses sooooo again, keep in mind its great value for the money, just dont play video games, especially call of duty, as you will get motion blurvalue
Good picture and awesome soundInexpensive and good
I like this T.V. the picture quality is great with my ps3. The only problem as well as most people that have reviewed and rated this product is that the sound is not so great, to me it seems like the speakers are busted, and plus many, of the buttons on the side are not working correctly. I plan to take it back to Walmart to exchange it for a new one.Nice televison
I would say that for the price you are paying- this is an excellent purchase. The picture and sound quality is not as good as my Sony TV but it still projects a great image. The sound is pretty bad, if you like to have the volume loud. I am going to have to invest in a sound system- something I was thinking to do, but now definitely have to.good value, good price
I was skeptical of the off brand name for this TV but bought it anyhow because the price was very good for the screen size. It is perfect for my son's bedroom and the picture is very good. While programming the Dish remote I read in the manual to use the SONY standard code. Not sure what that is all about but I figure if the word SONY is in this brands manual, they must be related somehow. Anyhow, we're happy with the TV and hope it lasts a long time.Good TV
You get what you pay for with this model. I bought this TV on the $300 dollar deal. I felt it was an excellent deal. I have used this TV for P90X workouts, on average about 5 days a week.

I purchased the model on 2/12/2012. As of 5/4/2012, there is a visible Burn-In of the P90X symbol in the lower left corner of my TV.

It is possible my experience is unique, as I haven't seen any other reviews like mine. Since I only use this TV as the "workout room" TV, it's not too big of a deal. If you plan on purchasing this unit and watching the same channel with the same logos all the time, you will notice burn-in in as little as 3 months.

ALSO, Get a soundbar with this unit. You won't want to use the internal speakers. It's best to assume this TV is ONLY for displaying video, as the audio is horrid.P90X / Burn-In / Good Quality
Great product for the money. Used it as a big monitor to watch movies on computer. Doesn't need funcy features. 100% meet my expectations. Sound quality is not good. But you can add external speakers with cheap and get better sound quality than any expansive TV's.Good value
When I write a review I always keep in mind what I paid for the item. I compare Kia's to Kia's & Cadillac's to Cadillac's and not the other way around. With that in mind I would say this tv is an exceptional value for the price paid. Picture quality is up there with the higher priced models. Audio is what you would expect for a tv in this price range. Don't get me wrong, the audio is just fine. If you want it to sound like movie theater audio go get some high priced audio equipment. I purchased this tv based on the reviews I read and am well pleased with the purchase. I would highly recommend this tv. Sceptre did an excellent job with this set and kept the price affordable for the not so rich and famous. Thanks Sceptre.Excellent Value
The sound is "tinny" but for the price you cant beat it!sound
I order the TV online on a Friday and I received it by Wednesday of the next week. However, it was damaged (the internal screen). This was very frustrating. I called Walmart and not only did they send UPS out to my house the next day to pick up the damage TV but sent me a replacement, which was here two days later on Friday. Walmart's Customer Service in that regard was very helpful and efficient. My replacement TV was perfect! Great value for TV size and brand. The TV quality was worth the price but definitely not the hassle. Although, I would purchase online again.Minor Hassle but worth the price
This TV is really good for the value, but I do recommend that you take advantage of the 1080p and hook it up to a Hi Def signal via HDMI. Once you do that the picture is outstanding!
The sound could be better but I plan on hooking up to a surround system anyway. The 40" TV is a great size for apartment living.

The one thing I am disappointed by, is I can not use it as my morning alarm. There is no automatic feature to turn on the TV in the morning so now I have to go purchase an alarm clock.

I recommend this TV with out a doubt!Really Good TV
For the money , an excellent value. EZ to set up, the picture is as good as my 32' Sharp . Arrived quickly and in good shape. I'm glad I took a chance on this TV, now we'll see how long it lasts.I like it!
Surpised on how great the picture is. Great value for this television!Pleasantly Suprised
I bought this as my secondary TV, watch only occasionally. Why spent 500-600 for pretty much the same thing?Great TV
The picture is beautiful, just like any big name brand. The features are good as well. The only problem that I've found is that if you're one of those people who likes ot "blast" the sound, you will need external speakers because the built-in ones cannot handle that much...Great value, good overall
Yep, got this 40" on sale for $300. It was worth that at least. Honestly it could be fairly priced between $350 and $400 but certainly not higher than $450.

What I like:
* Picture is good - HD is crisp.
* Size is great for price.
* Set-up was simple - just plugged in the antenna, laptop, & Apple TV.
* Lots of input options (4 HDMI, VGA, Component)

What could be better:
* The picture isn't quite awesome. I could probably fine tune settings, but all the pre-sets were bland.
* Sound is decent. (Home theater speakers are my next entertainment purchase to make...)
* It doesn't seem to balance well on its base - it always looks like its on the verge of tipping forward. But it hasn't, so I might just be paranoid.

What I don't like:
* The menu / settings software is barely tolerable. I realized, "This is why it's less than $350." There aren't many settings. Channels can't be removed, even if they come in with blank content. Switching sources is cumbersome.

If you can score a $300 deal, go for it. More than $350, think twice. More than $400, find a different TV.It was a great bargain at $300.
The TV' s quality is somewhat better than I expected for the price, however the swivel base is somewhat weak. overall I am satisfied.For the price not much to complain about
Perfect tv 40" for this price is awesome!!Good TV
Very nice. Has great features. Great for the priceGreat
This tv has a great picture. The reason for the four stars is because of sound. I hooked it up to my sound bar so it really doesnt matter to me...great tv
Purchase for my son who wanted a large tv for his small living space. Where else can you purchase a tv this size other then Walmart for this price. Great purchase overall. I do not have a problem with the sound if adjusted right. Picture is great with the 1080 setting, but not so good with lower settings. He uses air for tv reception but is a gamer and he is more then happy with the tv. For this price, I think I would purchase one for me !Great for the price.
This is not a top-of-the-line LCD TV. If you want that, spend more money... For the price paid, however (on sale for $298), it is an exceptional value. True 1080p HD resolution, HDMI and PC inputs plus a TV tuner at the price of many 27 inch computer monitors makes this TV a great deal.

The screen brightness leaves a little to be desired - not sure about sound complaints I've read elsewhere as I'm using external speakers. All in all, think of this as an excellent auxiliary TV - for the kids room, spare room, dorm room, etc. As long as you know what you're getting in advance (a budget TV with not a lot of extras), you should be happy with the value.Can't beat the price
For the price, great TV. Perfect as dedicated playstation / xbox TV. This is my second Sceptre; the first one is 3 yrs old and still working fine.great choice for 2nd tv
Bought this when I couldn't get the Black Friday specials, little more than the others but so far its a good TV.Great TV for a good price
Easy install very light for a wall mount. Was up and running in 10 minutes.Quick and easy
good picture Quality, but need more sound quality.. good for the price.Great Tv Led for the Price
For $300.00 including 3 year warranty for $38.00 extra. Not bad. Not bad at all.Nice for the price
Good tv with a great picture.price is right
Not HQ picture like some other brands. Descent picture when properly adjusted. Recommend using an optimizing disc to help with adjusting picture. Had to turn every thing except sharpness down to get a decent picture. Just barely on color and tint, but more on brightness and contrast on video inputs. Turned color up +8 on broadcast TV, but tint down -1. Leaves picture slightly dim in daylight. Picture tends to burn out highlights other wise, and tends to turn caucasian skin tones yellow. But finally got the skin tones balanced to where they are sometimes weak, a little too strong some times. But good to very good most of the time. Also if you can not find codes for a universal remote, look under Sony according to the instructions. Comcast had 3 codes under Scepter and 5 under Sony, but only the same 2 sorted of worked. Can turn TV on and off and change volume with the Comcast remote. Can bring up menus including source, but can only go to AV or HDMI but no key to change it. Also cheap manufacture remote acting up after 3 weeks. If you are very critical, spend the extra money to get a better TV. Did I mention that the AV Input pictures are good to very good, though a little dim in daylight or that they dropped the price $30?Good TV with a fair amount of features for less.
picture was not clear. Definitely not high definition quality.returned both and bought name brands with much better pictureGood for someone who doesnt notice the difference
I found these TV's on sale through the Walmart.com website while riding as a passenger on a road trip. I was able to buy them en-route to my destination which made the purchasing experience convenient. As with most Wal-mart hot deals they are unavailable or out of stock when you return to purchase later, so I was happy that I was able to get them. When I returned home from my trip they had already arrived intact and in working order. The picture is excellent for a lower end television, and it has numerous inputs available, HDMI and others. I own a dance club and needed some new televisions for my gaming area, so I purchased two. The only two downfalls I could find is that one of them out of the box had a defective pixel right in the middle of the screen (but it was such a good deal and It didn't bother me too much, plus I didn't want to deal with the hassle of shipping it back and waiting for it's replacement) The other thing is that they are shipped with the advertisement (features and benefits) stickers adhered to the face of the television frame with adhesive. Other higher end televisions that I have purchased have the electrostatic stickers which just come right off. These didn't, and when removing them you might have trouble, and if you use a chemical solvent you might damage the face of the frame.Great value for the money
This is a good tv my son love playing his videogames on it..the picture quality is good. And the sound works well..Works well so far..
I didn't see in any ads where this unit would not tune in digital channels, you have to rent a box from most cable providers to get the digital channels, first tv i ever got that would not tune with qam tuner, or the digital channels,by not having it ,i am missing about 50 channels,its a good set well built, and very good pictures, but will be returning to get one with the qam tuner..no qam tuner
We are old people and do not know or understand a lot of new electronics, and no one near to help, we managed to connect but had trouble getting cable signal. We had to call AT@T for assistance. The sound is not very loud and the picture sometimes seems yellowish - dont know if its the Channel or it simply needs color adjustment which we are not taking the chance to making it worse. Otherwise we are just happy to have a larger screen and one that we could afford.Meets expectations for the price
I received this tv yesterday. Got it for a great price 219. Picture is good with roku box. Has a nice hd picture. Only thing I didn't like so far is that you need a hd antenna or a cable box to get hd channels. You can't hook up a coax cable a get digital signal. Only analog. I have 2 other tvs where that isn't an issue. So right now it gets a 3.Nice...but
Walmart was great, shipping was extremely fast.
The TV wasn't packed in anything but it's own box, but it survived shipping.
It has plenty of inputs, thankfully.
The unit looks good in the room, but the picture isn't nearly as good as my 3 year old LG. The picture was a bit dark overall, I had to bump up the brightness, but the tints were fine. The picture coming via HDMI cable off a DVD is clean, and sound is strong, but there's something about the sharpness, its not really fuzzy, but it simply doesn't look as sharp, even at 1080p, as my 32" Sansui was at 720i. And definitely not even close to the larger 48" LG.

If this were my first largish flat screen, I'd be unimpressed. But as a cheap second TV, it does fine.
If you are buying your principle TV, get something better.Decent budget TV
It looks good for the price but if one can stretch a little bit they can get something better picture quality brand names.Ok for an average consumer
The only problem with this tv was it would not use a cable box and I have Xfinity...you would have to change from box to an antana? That is crazy.will not use a cable box
Ok tv for the price, picture is good but the sound on ours is terrible. From the moment we hooked it up it had a buzzing noise. Seemed to get better for a little while but now sounds bad again. Sometimes it sounds like it's in a cave and then sometimes it buzzes. I don't know if we just got a dud or if this is normal for this product but I can't stand it and will probably take it back. I thought about buying some speakers and seeing if that helps but I don't want to take a chance that there is something wrong with it that will give us problems down the road. I think I will spend the extra money for a better brand with better sound!Great Tv except for Sound!!
I would suggest that you use this tv for at least a month before writing a review for it. This tv worked just fine for 6 days. On the 7th day my son called me into his room to check out what was happening to his tv. The picture on the tv would flicker occasionally. It was so distracting and annoying to him that we took it back to our local Walmart for a refund. I tried calling the tech support number first, but only received an answering machine stating that I should leave my name and number and they would call me back. That wasn't going to cut it. Really disappointed, because I still have no idea if there was a possible solution to this flickering on the screen.
The Walmart returns gets 5 stars for no questions asked return of a full refund.
I'm still searching for a tv for my son that has no issues.Had to return after 7 days of Use
connections should be on the side for easier accessok, for the price
The picture in hd is wonderful, but if you connect you cable box with an hdmi then the standard def channels are slightly blurry. Luckily for us we have a good deal of hd channels available. The picture on Dvd, wii, and xbox 360 are really good. The sound is average and much better if you have a surround sound system. Downside is only one A/V port. You need the blue and green YPbPr cables for a Dvd player, but there are 4 hdmi ports.awesome in hd, blurry and stretched in sd
Great tv for a bedroom! Picture quality is not as good as my Samsung and Especially my LG 3D but for the price it has a nice picture and the sound is decent! Great Value for the price. Light and thinner than the previous Sceptre 40" I bought for the other guest room a year earlier. The remote is actually better than the previous model I had. I wish it was back-light but they neon colored some of the buttons so you can see them in the dark unlike my previous model's remote. You can not beat this tv for the price though, low cost along with decent picture.Great bedroom TV
This TV was a great deal. We just wanted a cheap TV for the living room, since it wouldn't be our main TV. Everything sounds like it's coming from a tin can. Messing with the sound controls didn't help much. We're keeping it because it isn't the main TV anyway. I don't recommend this TV if you are expecting more than what you paid for.Sound Issues
If this is your first or only flat screen TV it would be great (for the price).
I do have a better known brand for my main TV and the picture is definitely better. I bought this as a spare TV and it needed to be under $325. I paid $300 and it is a great price for a 40" LCD. I've had it for a month and would buy the same one again for that price.For the price-YES
This is a good TV but do not expect the highest quality. It is worth the money paid but the picture is not as clear as some of the higher quality TVs like Samsung and Sony. I got it for my 16 year old son to put in his room and it is well suited for him. It is a good TV but do not set your expectations too high.Good TV
I've had this TV for about 18 months and I should've followed my own advice. You get what you pay for. Value was about as expected. It was very good price on a mid to larger size TV and in a smaller room it was good ( was in an apartment then, room was about 10x10 ), but now having it in a larger room ( in our home room is about 14x20 foot ) the picture is ok. The sound is quite worse then our smaller Sceptre brand TV's as well as the picture is worse then the smaller ones (32"). If you plan on having it in some what smaller room it's a pretty good buy the price. If you're hard of hearing at all, find something else!Get what you pay for
I'm not saying this is a horrible TV, and we're even giving it another chance, but it did quit working only after 6 days. Just as everyone else is reporting, the power to it just stopped working. We were watching a show and it just shut off. We tried other plugs and kept trying to turn it back on, and got nothing. We have sent it back for a replacement. Hopefully we'll have better luck with the next one. Good TV for the price, but it might be one of those deals where you get what you pay for.Broke after 6 days
Bought this TV as a gift and recipient was disappointed with the color and picture resolution and so was I. Skin colors never looked right and weren't consistent from channel to channel. TV also seemed to have a purple tinge in places. Adjusting the color didn't fix the problem. Picture seemed grainy and not sharp. We thought it was a problem with the cable, but after calling Sceptre, they thought the TV was defective.Defective TV?
I love the TV I will purchase another onespectur
On my way back to store to return unit. I really hate that this set did not meet my basic exceptions
but if you are able to accept poor sound quality and so so picture quality maybe it will work for you and the price is very very tempting!
samNot for those looking for great sound or over the!
I purchase this TV due to price and its quality of picture was not great. "You get what you pay for", applies with this product. Picture quality is not that great, I expected more due to reviews.Poor quality of picture
I picked up my tv from walmart on 2/26 and it's been less than 3 wks and on certain channels at the top of the screen there's white squiggly lines that go across the top of the screen; my roommate has the same 40" Sceptre hdtv and was watching the same channel with no squiggly lines at the top so I think it's my tv and I'm debating if I want to exchange it through Sceptre.white squiggly lines already
It will do as a 2nd tv. Do not buy this brand as your feature tv.You get what you pay for
Great price and easy set up, but average picture and very poor sound.If price is your main concern...
This tv started buzzing within the first 4 months of purchasing it. It is sad to spend hundreds of dollars on an item that does not work like it is brand new. I would spend a little more money in order to get a product that will last.Poor sound quality
I have only had the TV for a few days and the remote seems to be faulty. It takes a lot of effort to reach Tech Service at Spectre. I plan on requesting a replacement remote and if that doesn't fix the problem, I will be returning the unit to Walmart.Desent cheap TV for limited use.
I got my TV, hooked it up and didn't like the color depth or the quality of the image at all. I felt that this TV was a cheap knockoff and my 5 year old LCD had a much better resolution. Ended up returning it and getting a 42" Hannspree that I love right now. The difference is in the components and the packaging, the Hannspree came ready out of the box and everything about it felt like it was a quality unit. Sceptre came with a very incomplete manual and it wasn't a deal I hoped for, especially since the price dropped $40 dollars the moment I bought the set.Great value, but the components felt cheap.
I've had my TV for 8 days when the volume would not come on when turned on. About 15 tries and your lucky if it comes on. I've called tech support they said to check that the cables were secure... not the issue so lets see what the resolution will be. I'd skip buying this.TV
Two big complaints about this TV one, the sound is so terrible from the 2 5watt speakers, I can barely hear it when I'm exercising in my bike. I ended up buying a soundbar to make it louder.

Second big issue, one of the audio inputs do not work..go figure. Cheap tvYou get what you pay for....
Buy the warranty. My TV was good for 1 1/2 years than started having issues. I purchased it in 08/2012 and had the first repair in 02/2014. I am currently trying to get it repaired and having issues. First repair no problem. Second repair 4/25/14 they came with defective parts and want to take my TV but did not bring me a replacement TV to watch while repairing my TV. 3rd attempt those people are in CA I am in OH and they want me to video whats wrong I called, email and they say I did not make contact plus I am not a movie producer and could not get the video to down load. My 4th repair attempt is I am calling someone to come to my house and going to send them a bill plus file a huge complaint with Walmart.Fair but buy the warranty OR don't get the TV
After checking the reviews on line and research on this TV along with the good price I made a purchased. From the beginning the color was off--when you sit or stand to either sides of the TV the color would fade. I had to sit directly in front of the TV to get the color to blend. I called tech support--unable to assist me.Hit or Miss
This tv is sufficient if you are just looking for okay preformance. The sound is bad. It needs external speakers so tack on a couple hundred there. But the picture really isn't that good so do you really want to upgrade the sound or buy a better TV?Price is right
The reason why I gave it a fair rating is because after a week of using it, the television shut of. I was watching the little league series before class and the television died. When it's plugged in there is a red light, and when it's turned on there is a blue light, but there was no light on at all. The television was really great, but I guess I had bad luck and got a bad television. Also on the plus side, Walmart deals with you and helps you get all your money back. Just after two days, I received all my money.Very good television. I loved it.
OK for a guest room. You get what you pay for.OK for a guest room
The picture had very grainy edges on most shows even after I adjusted the settings, believe me I tried for a long time. A lot of the that people I showed the error in the picture didn't notice what I was talking about, so if you don't pay close attention to detail it may not bother you. But on top of the sub par picture, the speakers made a cracking noise when anything with a lot of base would come on. I give this a fair rating because for the price I was not overly surprised that the T.V. was not that great. Needless to say, I returned it and dished out the extra $50 for a better quality T.V. and i would suggest if you are thinking about buying this T.V. that you do the same.Would not recommend.
Within 60 days of purchase a black line appeared down the center of the screen off and on and now it's constant....Black line
Ordered this tv for a great deal on black Friday...so excited to get a bigger tv. Received the tv on Tuesday and on Wednesday the next week I ended up going on a trip to my to local Walmart to return a dead tv. I was watching and it just went black and wouldn't come back on. My good deal turned out to be a pretty sad deal unfortunately. I wouldn't recommend this tv, maybe I just got a lemon but I don't think I would risk it again.not a good idea...
T.V. lasted one year before the screen went black. The led red light remains lit but no picture or sound - I expected the t.v. to last longer than one year. Up until that time the picture quality was good.lasted one year
The picture quality was poor. Color was washed out and very fuzzy. It was a great price and the shipping was fast but not worth keeping!Returned!
Now I can see why this tv was so cheap. Learned my lesson. While it does have some excellent qualities such as value, sound and features, the reason I was disappointed was because the base of the tv was hard to put on and then when everything was connected I had six (yes, SIX) randomly colored dots on the screen. Had a few green dots , couple of red dots and one single blue dot. Although the dots were the size of pin you could still see the dots clearly when changing channels (when the screen was completely black and sometimes while you were watching a show). Quite annoying to say the least. I didn't pay this amount of money for a tv not have a 100% clear screen.Get what you pay for!
I ordered this tv on Sunday received it on Wednesday Got it home and there was a big hole on one side of the box opened the box and the tv had scratches on the screen So in one hour after I picked it
Up back it went back.I ordered another one like it A selptre 40 inch I hope it arrives in good conditionBe sure. U check your box before you leave the store This time I am going to look at the tv before I leave the storeDead on arrival
Ordered from Walmart.com, great value. Easy to hook up, beautiful picture and sound. Instructions were simple and easy to follow as was the onscreen menu. Two days after purchase, however, the sound suddenly stopped working. I could not get the sound to work despite the troubleshooting tips in the owner's manual. Multiple phone calls to Sceptre's customer service line resulted in no assistance-my calls repeatedly went to voice mail which were not returned, and my emails were not returned either. I had no choice but to return the item to Walmart. Unfortunately, based on this experience, I decided I would not be purchasing another product made by Sceptre.Great price but unreliable with poor cust. svc.
Received my tv within 1 week of Cyber Monday. I actually watched it a maximum of 6 hours within a 3 day period and it just quit. No power would get to the tv at all. It is now almost Chrismas and I am STILL without t.v. I left over 3 messages starting nice and after being ignored again wasn't as friendly. I WOULD NOT recommend this product not strictly over the tv because I know all parts are man made and human error occurs, the service is my main issue. If you have poor service you have poor business and that leads to poor product. Just seems like no one takes pride in anything there.
The problem was wioth Sceptre NOT Wal-Mart!!! I told them I cannot return it to your store because you don't carry it in store.....go figure.Blew up in under 3 days.
I got this TV home and used it for 3 days; at that point the sound stopped working! Of course I thought it was a cable provider issue with their HD box but that was not the case. I tried to get in touch with manufacturer's tech support line but they do not work on weekends---can you believe that? I finally reached them and after 30 minutes of trouble shooting they said it seemed to be the TV that had a problem. Now I need to go through the process of shipping this large bulky item back to CA. I finally get their UPS label via email and then I have to deliver it to the local UPS facility. In the meantime I am without this TV that is already paid for. So now I am in a waiting game to see what the customer service dept. has to say about repairing / replacing the item.
At this point I would say: Buyer Beware!!Very Disappointed!
After 14 month this TV stop function, it turn on and ater 15-20 minutes the screen became black, of course the warranty expire 2 months agoStop function after 14 months
quit working 6 months after purchaseDidnt last a year
Worse electronic I ever bought remote sucks. The sound would stop and go for a little bit then stoped workin after two months but the picture was good.don't buy its junk
I bought this tv online during a Black Friday / Cyber Monday sale in 2012. Well, you definitely get what you pay for. The tv was wall mounted in my new townhouse in April 2013. I didn't have any issues with it other than an occasional buzzing sound and color/darkness issues. Unfortunately during the FIFA final July 13, 2014 the tv shut off during half-time never to turn back on again. There was no rain, no power outage, skies as clear as a summer's day. Called tech support, who is on PST time, 3 hours behind so never able to speak to anyone. Finally contacted them via email. I had to send the S/N and P/N #'s. Guess what they are on the back of the tv, which is mounted on a wall. Finally able to get someone to take it down for me to send the info to them. Waiting for a response, but based on reviews from online I might as well just chalk it up to renting a Sceptre tv for $280 for a year, because that is what I paid and got use of it. Good luck to anyone who owns this tv and is having a good run, enjoy it while it lasts!!!Lasts only a year!
I purchased this television a little over a year ago and it suddenly died. After many attempts I reached Sceptre's technical support and was told to purchase a new power cord and it should work just fine. I replaced the power cord and the television will start to turn on then suddenly shuts down the same as before. I contacted the customer service office and was told that I would have to pay for shipping and handling, parts, and labor to repair the television. I wish that I had purchased a Sanyo again I have had my Sanyo flat screen for over 10 years and have never had a problem. Unfortunately, it will be cheaper for me to buy a new television than pay for repairs. Word to the wise, stick with a well known brand with better quality.Do not buy this product
We ordered this tv online at Walmart.com. We got it very quickly so that was nice. We hooked it up to everything and it would not respond to anything. The hook ups were broken or not wired right inside. We had to take it back to wal mart and bought a different tv. It works wonderfully!It came broken
We upgraded from a 32" in our bedroom to this 40". During set-up, this TV could NOT find a signal or any digital channels when doing an auto channel search regardless if it was hooked up to the Comcast / Xfinity DVR or directly to the Comcast / Xfinity cable by passing the DVR cable box. When the HDMI cable is NOT plugged into the TV but connected to the cable box, the remote for the cable box worked just fine. As soon as we connected the HDMI cable from the cable box to the TV the cable box remote stopped working. We could receive a signal just fine but have to change channels and volume manually on the cable box control panel, not using the remote. No matter if we chose AIR or CABLE we could not get this TV to find any channels direct from the cable or hooked up to a cable box. We have 3 other cable boxes and remotes for those cable boxes in the house and the same thing happened with each cable box. It seems that this TV will NOT work with a Comcast / Xfinity digital HD cable Box DVR. It disabled every cable box and remote....so weird! and really too bad because we liked the picture quality, sound quality and size of the screen. Perhaps this particular unit is defective, so it is going back to WalmartDisables Comcast / Xfinity DVR Remote
It turns out that the power supply unit needs to be replaced. It was always conected to a surge protector. It costs over $150 to repair it.After two years it quit working
I purchase from walmart a Sceptre 40 inch TV model # X405BV-FHDR l
LED HDTV . I just took it out of the box 4/4/2014, it was purchased on 3/29/201. The TV will power-on and the picture looks fine, but the sound will not work. I tried it with cable TV (coaxial cable) and DVD player , HDMI and RCA cables. .Again the picture is fine, but there is no sound. Walmart great customer service item was returned and credit approved,SCEPTRE X405BV-FHDR 40" LED Class 1080P HDTV with
I purchased a Spectre for my parents last year for Christmas. The main power board has stopped working twice. The TV is in mint condition as far as appearance. The TV was used not even 3 months before it stopped working. It took weeks to get it repaired. It stopped working again in December, just shy of the one year warranty they give. Their customer service sent me an e-mail and told me I would receive an RMA# within 24 to 48 hours. After repeated e-mails and phone calls I am still waiting on this #. Yes I purchased the extended warranty but it stopped working twice in 11 months and they will not honor their warranty the second time around. This is by far the absolute worse company I have ever had the displeasure of dealing with. If you want a great TV, has better quality, better picture, better sound at a cheaper price purchase a Seiki. I've owned one for almost 2 years and never had one problem. Plus the picture and sound is better. I would have purchased my parents this but could not find one in stock at Christmas that year.Don't waste your money on this one.
I returned the first one less than a month after I got it for the picture going out. Thinking it was just a fluke I exchanged it for the same TV. Now 5 months later I have the same problem with the replacement. This was for use in my bedroom and was not heavily used. If you do decide to purchase I strongly suggest you purchase the additional warranty.Disposable TV
This is the second to be returned for pixalation issues. Save yourself the aggrevation and get a name brand tv for a few more dollars.Spend the extra Money
If you plan to use external speakers, go for it. Otherwise, avoid at all costs. The sound is comparable to my cell phone speaker.

The picture is good for the cost, but it has some lines across the screen that can get pretty noticeable/ annoying at times. I think its worth forking out more money to get a more reliable brand with decent sound and crisp picture.No sound
Purchase this junk and the board went out and all of a sudden no picture, nothing worked. We turned the set on literally 4 times in about 9 months (rarely used). Few months later tried using it and nothing. Company hid behind return policy though they were fully aware of the defect. We typically do not write reviews, but this is ridiculous. Please, please save your money. Invest the few extra bucks and get something of quality that will last and is worthy of your hard earned money.

Burned Consumer.Cheap Piece of GARBAGE
The TV was unable to produce any sound, which after reading the reviews, seems to be a consistent issue with this item. I called Sceptre's customer service phone number and had a very hard time getting anyone on the phone, it took 3 days for anyone to answer the phone. Then when they did answer, they were not helpful. They weren't interested in helping and asked me to take the TV back to Walmart and buy another one. I will be happy to return this poor quality TV, but will not purchase another Sceptre product, not ever!No Audio & Sceptre provides POOR customer service
Out of the box, sure the TV looks very pristine, but you get a bad picture and horizontal lines and tons of skipping. You can't watch anything for 5 seconds without it doing that. I'm REALLY disappointed. It's not the cable or any of our connections... Believe me, we've had all sorts of repairmen out. It is most definitely the AWFUL quality of this TV and they can't even fix it. This is the 3rd time this has happened with me buying something from Walmart's website. NEVER AGAIN!!!Bad deal! DO NOT BUY!!!
The TV sound is terrible and the picture is even worse. The color is horrible.. l am returning this TV.I would not buy this TV in fact I'm returning it.
I had this tv about three weeks and had to return it because it blacked out!!! It would not come back on at allBad tv
this tv was very low quality.speakers went out in 1 hour, read about this in other reviews .hoped it wouldent happen but it did .do not buy this tvran for 1 hour speakers went out
1) ordered ; 2) recieved ; 3) defective ; 4) returned // I have another Sceptre HDTV and it has been working good for the last 2-3 years. I expected the same quality but recieved a defective tv. That put some doubts in my mind about the quality, so I went and spent a little more on a Vizio. Tough time finding quality televisions on a budget. Fingers crossed.Defective
Had TV for one day and all seemed fine. second day a black line appeared down the middle. called customer service had me unplug /replug in tv to see if line disappeared.. It didnt.. They said just return it. I did and added a few dollars and got a vizioDecent Tv but its luck of the draw
The day after we received the television we began to have problems with the sound...huge fluctuations in the volume. We are running the sound through a surround sound system that we have been using for years with no problems at all. After trying all the recommended adjustments found in the manual and online, my husband did an online chat with Sceptre's tech support. He was told the problem was with the settings on our satellite receiver. When he informed the employee that the problem was occurring even when playing Netflix through the Wii, he/she asked for the serial number which my husband entered from the box. He was told that was an incorrect serial number. He looked on the back of the t.v. and confirmed the number but was continually told that it was incorrect. I believe this was simply a way to avoid addressing a problem that he/she knew he could not resolve. When my husband told them it was correct and he knew it the employee cancelled the chat. When he called customer service he received a recording telling him all agents were busy and he would receive a return call. Two hours later and no call. Will be returning the television tomorrow.Problems with Sound. Bad customer service.
HORRIBLE! NO SOUND AT ALL,but the picture was ok, I payed $298 for it but I RETURNED IT &I BOUGHT AN EMERSON FOR $20
MORENo sound
When i bought this TV I knew I was getting an off brand, and a cheap on at that. However, when setting up the device I had terrible problems that no one could seem to help me with, specifically my remote would not program to the tv. After explaining this Sceptre's tech support multiple times thay asked me to take the back off the tv and wiggle some wires around. I was severely dissapointed in the build quality and customer service of this company.Terrible Customer Service for a Poorly Made TV
Plugged it in, set it up, turned it off, turned it back on and there was no picture. Had to haul this junk 45 miles back to the store to return it.Only because there is not a zero star option
Purchased a 42" X425BV in early 2013. Not a year and a half old year. It is already not operational. Called tech support as it will not turn on unless you unplug and turn on again. Must do this multiple times. It has gradually gotten worse. Once on it will stay on. Just don't turn off. Turned off and have the same issue. Called tech support. All they said was out of warranty. Take to someone local to look at it. Did not give any recommendations as to what the problem might be.Poor quality product & poor tech support
Broke in approx 2 weeks. Just quit working. Do not buy!Broke in approx 2 weeks.
TV worked for 105 days. 15 days past 90 day return. Now only 1/2 of the screen works, the other 1/2 is greeen.Bad TV
Picture is pretty good, worked fine for a while, had occasional issues with volume. Should have taken note of that and returned the tv. After the 90 day period, volume just goes in and out, I'd have to turn the tv off and then back on again. Volume would work for awhile then go out again. Hate that. Should have spent a few more bucks and get a different brand.Don't buy this product!
the item did not work!waste of money
This was a good price for a T.V but after about 24 hours or so at 6 am in the morning, the volume went up all by itself to 100!!!! thinking my b/f had sat on the remote and a button got stuck when he got up, I turned it back down. I returned to bed only to hear the T.V volume going up again! I go into the living room and the b/f isn't even there and I see the volume bars on the T.V going up by themselves. I grab the remote and turn it down only to have it start going up again. Then the remote stops working and the T.V menu pops up on screen and then cycles thru the options all on its own over and over! I had to manually turn off the T.V. After waiting a few minutes turned it back on only to have all this repeat itself. So... obviously there was some bad wiring inside or something. And also the sound was very bad on this T.V. I returned it that day and bought a nice Toshiba, paid a little more but well worth it.Worked for about 24 hours!
I bought this as a Christmas gift for someone and family who had never had a high definition television. Using site to store, I was excited about the price, the features and for the good reviews that gave me a level of confidence in this brand that Walmart sells online but not in their stores. Not waiting for Christmas we unpacked it. It was easy to install and set up for satellite and a DVD.

How we all marveled at the difference between a standard broadcast and 1080 HD.......until suddenly after only four hours of use the reds turned pink and the blacks turned blue. ...to ensure it was not the satellite TV receiver I tried a DVD. Same picture! Next morning I packed up the TV, printed out a return form and took it back to Walmart and got a hassle-free full refund. Unable to find a comparable TV in stock at Walmart, we went to Costco.Great price but lousy TV
dont ever buy this product...as soon as the return date was it up it went bad 1 mont later now im stuck with it...very disappointeddoesnt last long
Had this T.V for a little over 3 months and it just quit. Power light is on but will not come on or off, audio is horrible, but picture I nice. I had sensor issues with it for day one, when someone would move too fast in front of the tv the screen would flash off. (not at all kidding) You get what you pay for, and I got a lemon and I just wasted over 300 bucks.You'll regret it.
If you do not care about picture quality this is the tv for you. I could not get the grainy snow out of the picture and was really bad watching the US Open.

I looked at the reviews before purchasing and I think some had better luck or a better tv than others. For the price I wanted it to work but was disappointed in the picture claritiy.great price but not worth it.....
Ignored the negative reviews and decided to purchase this tv anyway (online for 250 plus tax). Arrived quickly. Looked good from the package, got really excited because I thought I got a great tv for cheap. Picture quality is bad, not possible to see anything on the screen in a sunny room at all! At night too dark, adjustments in the menu did not help. Sound was ok, we have a small living room. The worst part that was a deal breaker that it TURNED ON BY ITSELF without us touching the remote, happened 3 times and I took it back to the store. This TV doesn't have alarm like some models do so that wasn't it. Freaked me out at first but then after going throught the settings and figuring out that the problem is bad TV. Decided not to deal with the warranty, returned to Walmart (without any problems got my refund) and bought new more expensive TV from well-knows brand. Good luck and I do not recommend this TV!Bad experience...Turns on by itself...
I ignored the bad reviews about this product and purchased on cyber monday for the good price of $269. One of the reviews stated a sound problem 2 weeks after their purchase. I guess I should feel lucky that my sound lasted for three weeks. DON"T BUY THIS PRODUCT!!!DON"T IGNORE THE BAD REVIEWS
Purchased this TV on 1/18, delivered on 1/21 - sound went out on 2/4. Picture was there, but absolutely no sound. Had to have warranty action put into place; however, will be 3 - 4 days before technician gets here to troubleshoot and then, order parts if necessary. This was for an elderly father who is a shut in with little to no money and now, has no TV. Not good.Sound went out on TV within 16 days of purchase
The box was busted and the TV was broken. I was not found or reordered a replacement. I just offered a refund and sent on my way. I was very disappointed.Damaged
This tv is cheap, and not even worth that - picture quality is the worst I have ever seen. Will be returning this product - do not buy...Worst tv picture ever, will be returning.
The panel board went out after two years. I ended up with a vertical yellow line going down the middle of the tv. I called a repair company and it would cost more to fix it then replace it. When I first bought this tv it was great. I thought I really got a good deal. The picture and sound were perfect, I thought it was even better then my brand name tv. But I expected to get more then two years use out of it. Unfortunately I purchased the 50 inch tv for my basement family room shortly before this happened. I'm guessing this will only last me two years as well.Didn't last long
It came damaged and would not work. Looks like the box was dropped or something had fallen on it. I returned it to the local WalMart store.Sceptre 40", 1080P hdtv
We bought this TV as a Christmas gift for our son. Because it was so cheap (on Cyber Monday), we figured it would be suitable for a teenager and was not too concerned about the quality. HOWEVER, the TV is equal with our Samsung and so great that we decided that it was toooo much for a 14 year old in his bedroom and put it in our den and gave our son the smaller TV from the den. Of course we still bought him a ton of other cool gifts!Can't Get Any Better for The $
great value, excellent picturegreat tv for the price
5 stars! Great value!GREAT DEAL!
Pros:

LCD, so no burn in when used as a monitor for a computer.
Full 1080p (unlike some of the comparable plasma sets which are only 720p).
4x HDMI ports
Incredible value at the current price.
No dead pixels on ours.
Stunning picture quality for a set in this price range.
WalMart will take it back if anything is wrong with it. This is Huge!!

Cons:

Sound is not the best (but what do you expect at this price?).
You might get a bad one (same as any other brand, plus WalMart will take it back).

Comments:

We are running ours with a laptop (Netflix). Audio is being handled by some wonderful self powered external speakers (Genius SP-HF500A) which eliminates the sound quality issue. We run the laptop with a wireless keyboard which has a built in trackball. The whole setup works really slick. We are very pleased.

I noticed that a lot of the one star reviewers down rated every aspect of the TV which isn't fair. The TV is a great value and has great features, getting a lemon or having your set damaged in shipping, while unfortunate, does not make this a bad TV.Exceeds all expectations!
I did diligent research online...other purchasers reviews of this flat screen before I purchased it online and had it shipped free to my local store. My shipment came three days early which delighted me. Even though Sceptre flat screens were not available to check out, I am not sorry for choosing this brand of 40" television at a super price. I've had this flat screen for almost two weeks after chucking my dying analog in the dumpster. (The old Beast made viewing shows torture especially night scenes which were pitch black on the screen like the inside of a cow!)

I've seen the "Light" with all those magnificent pixels and colors. My next purchase will be a blue ray DVD player. There's no stopping me now!Into The Light
Television is better than I expected and it came faster than I thought. I am very happy and will purchase another one.Would recommend!
Really have been enjoying our new 40" television. The picture quality is excellent and very happy that we made the purchase.Great Buy!
Bought this for Father's Day and it was a great gift! The picture, sound, and value are amazing! I like it so much i plan on buying one for myself.Great gift for my dad
We have only had this TV for two weeks, but so far we are very pleased. Others had been unhappy with the sound volume, but we found it to be OK, as we bought this for our bedroom. Maybe in a larger room it wouldn't be loud enough,but you could always add a sound bar (a lot of people add sound bars anyway). There is one advantage to this as the speakers come out the bottom of the TV and it has clarer sound than rear facing speakers.Who says you need a name brand
A great TV for the price. What it lacks vs other HDTVs:

1) No Side Ports
2) No Game Mode
3) Tinny Sound
4) Obnoxious Mute Notification Displayed the Entire Time the TV is on Mute (Many TVs have this issue).

But those are small gripes. Recommended!Excellent for Price
I was very pleased with my purchase. the price was right, and it looks great in my living room!
good reception with cable hook up.great value
This LED tv has a great picture. I have a samsung tv also and this tv is very close. The sound is bad until you adjust 2 sound settings. Without adjustment I see why people dont like the sound. But after adjustments to surround on the remote and also under menu it does a good job. You will Not be disappointed if you purchase this tv, you wont beat the picture quality for the price. paid $249 for a 40inch LEDGreat LED TV for the Price
I really do love my new 55 inch TV and it is great. The price was outstanding and the picture is just awesome.Awesome TV
Price was great. Im not into labels or brands so i brought the 40". Picture is great. Nothing too fancy. Easy to connect almost anything however the sound quality is horrible. Not horrible as in too low or static- because i wasnt expecting theater sounds but horrible as in sometimes it just cuts out. You have to turn the tv completely off and then back on. I brought the tv in November 2011...it started having the sound problem in February (2012). Great for a few movie nights here and there. But it probably wont last through every day watching because the sound will probably eventually be at the point of no return....but you get what you pay for cant complain too much with a 40" tv for less than $300. I suggest get a better brand....spend a few extra bucks. Watchjng tvis no fun when yiu cant hear it.great for the price but you get what you pay for
SET UP WAS EASY. I HAD A PROBLEM AND WENT ON LINE TO GET HELP. THEY HAVE LIVE SUPPORT AND I GOT HELP AS SOON AS I SENT MY QUESTION. I WAS AMAZED AT THE PROMPT SERVICE ON THE WESITE. OH YA I WAS USING THE WRONG REMOTE, DUH! I LIKE THE SWIVEL STAND. I AM VERY HAPPY WITH MY PURCHASE. I HAD IT SHIPPED FOR FREE. WALMART GOT IT TO IN A FEW DAYS. IT IS JUST AS GOOD AS MY MOTHERS $500.00 NAME BRAND TV. THE INSTRUCTIONS WERE EXCELLENT. I AM PLEASED. WALMART IS GREAT. THE ONLINE CUSTOMER SERVICE IS FANTASTIC.GOOD TV
So far I am enjoying the TV. The sound seems to fluctuate but other than that, I am happy.Good project
This was the easiest setup I've ever had. It took 5 minutes, and most of that was climbing around to get to the plug outlet to power it up! It is amazingly light, and fits really well just about on any shelf even though it's wide. The picture quality is exactly as expected, which is great for gaming and watching shows on Netflix. I haven't tried a blue-ray disc yet, but what I'm seeing so far is crisp and fluid, with no refresh jerkiness.

The only gripe I have is that it has low speakers- they really don't get that loud, and I have it my office that is only 10x10ft. It needs to be attached to an amp and external speaker source to put out great sound. Fortunately, it has so many HDMI and input/output capabilities that I don't see this as a big issue. I really like the input/output options it has.

I would recommend it to friends and buy another one for a different room anywhere.Great TV with quality image
I saw the cheap price and gambled..I WON TOO! The pictures is beautiful but what people fail to realize is picture for watching tv is not fully the tv picture but the station airing the program. Sound is not as loud as i would expect but decent, If you have surround sound, this con will go unnoticed. It's slim and alot of tv. Alot of times have a thick frame and this one is thin and allows the tv space to look huge. Great purchase, its cheap and not known brand but dont prejudge ITS GREAT. Im actually going to get the 50+ Sceptre in in a few months for my living room.Surprised that its cheap but STILL GREAT TV!
Ok, if you are looking at this TV for your main Movie Showing TV, there are other TVs with much greater feature sets than this one. However, I'm using this TV in one of my spare bedrooms and it's absolutely perfect.

It's got a great picture, loud speakers, plenty of connection options that I needed, and it's light. It's 10lbs, I couldn't believe how light it was.

I chose the 40" over the 32". For me, the 32" is just too small. Granted the prices are cheaper for the 32", but, it's a matter of preference. Remember, these TVs are 16x9 aspect ratio. So, a 40" is like a 27" old style, a 32" is like a 19" old style.

If you get a chance, swing by the store and just look at a 32" vs 40", manufacturer doesn't matter. You'll get a good idea of just how much of a change there is.

In closing, it's a good TV. It's one of the more economical 40" TVs you will find and it does a very good job for the price.Perfect, fits the need, and looks good
For less than 400 dollars. I can't complain. Good picture, good sound for a HD T.V. that has no sound system. It's for a bedroom. I didn't like the RCA 32 inch and returned it for this. For 90 bucks more, it was well worth it. Hopefully it will last at least a few years. So far so good.No real complaints so far, good T.V
Very good 1080p HDTV the price of $299. Picture quality is decent - not spectacular or bad. Sound quality is just ok. No stuck pixels. OTA tuner is very good. Detects a lot of channels. Packaging was good. Swivel stand is a little flimsy but acceptable. I am happy with this purchase & recommend this product at this price.Very good for the price
The price on this television was really awesome. Unfortunately, the picture isn't as good as that of my Vizio (but is certainly not bad at all). The sound quality is really quite poor (I find that it makes a crackling sound if the volume is turned up even slightly), but I'm planning to hook up some speakers to solve that problem. That said, to purchase a new sound system in addition to this television would STILL be less expensive than buying the same size television from another maker. It's a great deal, and I have no regrets at all!For the price, it can't be beat
Only been a week, but so far, so good. Will write back in a few months as to how it is holding up.so far, so good. Great price.
I gave it 3 Stars b/c IMO it's a good value for ~$300, but if you want 'great' picture (& great sound) then spend another ~$100-$200 (for a 4 Star or 5 Star ~40-42" TV). I have a 50" Panasonic Viero Plasma in my living room & this TV does NOT compare to that TV in picture quality (it's awesome). I wanted a little bigger 'bedroom' TV than my 32" & didn't want to pay >$300, so I'm reasonably satisfied (but not thrilled as some others seem to be). I'm using the regular coax cable input from my standard def. cable box & the picture looks washed out (even after spending >an hour trying multiple settings & combinations). I tried the AV input option too, but it's no better (& the sound is worse). I 'assume' if I had an HD Digital box in the bedroom (I don't) & I could use HDMI input the pic would improve (so it's very possible that w/HDMI input I 'might' give it ~4-5 stars?) The complaints of low volume are correct. It's fine for the bedroom, but even at full volume it's not very loud (although I'm satisfied w/the volume in the bedroom). IMO 'It IS what it IS' = A cheap 40" TV that does what you'd expect a decent $300 40" TV to do. I like it enough to keep it, so hopefully this review will help you decide...OK for the bedroom, but...
Owned the same model for 3 years and the picture is as good as they come. Bought another and was very disappointed by the picture quality. Nowhere near as sharp and bright as the old TV. Took it back.They must have changed LCD screen suppliers.
I bought this tv for my mom and dad for christmas, because of the great reviews it had for such a great price. When they opened it up and we got it turned on there was a big black spot in the middle, when I took it back to Wal-Mart the electonics guy said it was bad pixels. The picture wasn't all the good besides the black spot. So I exchanged it for a Vizo and we all couldn't be happier!We must have got a dud
I would like to point out that this TV came in a bundle and was well worth the price however I feel the sound bar is a necessary evil as the internal speakers of the television are a bit on the weak scale.Television Bundle
Bought this t.v at a great price. Looks great, sounds great, but did not work work well with my service "Att U-verse." There is a huge delay in the guide, etc. Called the manufacture and they said this t.v does not work great with the type of service i had. cant say the same for any other provider. My only complaint was the hassle of having to returning it. BTW this is more of a wide screen 40 inch. It is not very tall in height. Ended up returning and purchasing 46 from best buy.Does not work with ATT U-verse
This is a good buy for a bedroom but if you're thinking of having it as your primary entertainment piece then forget it! The picture quality is just ok but the sound is terrible. Make sure you have a sound system.Good for the money
The sound volume is very poor...even when turned all the way up. Don't know why it's called a 40" screen when it only measures 36".Large Screen TV for a Cheap Price
Picture on some channels are so dark you can hardly see faces. Tried adjusting everything to no avail. During commercials, the sound increases about 100 decibels. Tried to correct that too, no help.Does not match up to the reviews in ad.
Bought the Tv knowing that we would not get the top quality because it was just going into a basement. We hooked it all up, which was very easy. And the picture was ok but, the sound is very poor. All of the sound comes out of the back of the Tv, and when you go higher than like 30 the Tv vibrates. We wanted to have the Tv a little loud for when we watch the "Green Bay Packer" games. Sorry to say we ended up taking it back and getting a Samsung plasma.Great price, bad sound!
This was a new name product so sceptical from the start.
For price its affordable.
I had an emmerson several sizes and compairing to them since they are all I have known.
I have noticed several issues that affect my expectaions for this product.
My first one is the sound. I cant seem to leave at one level. I am bouncing it up and down to here.
I also notice when playing a deice off of it. there would be no sound except from the device. (Laptop) netflix mirrored to the big screen. You would actually have to turn off and on to get sound.
Another concern to me is. I use dish clear picture.
well when I turn my tv on my channel comes in distorted. line waving etc.
Now I have only one channel and I have to do channel change for same channel repeatedly till I get a clear picture. I do have the extended service plan and would recomend this to anyone purchasing this product to protect your investment. I personnally think I am going to return mine before the 90 days and save up to upgrade to something I am more comfortable with.EHHH!
I bought 2 of this TVs and the first one I bought started failing after a year of use, I bought it near black friday and for the next november it started to fail, it started to turn on slower and now we have to try at least 3 or 4 times for it to turn on, the blue light appears but no image and you have to unplug it and plug it again to try another time. When on Picture and sound are good.

I'll have to buy a new one but not this brand anymore at least.Worked for a year and then started to fail
Picture quality is great. Sound quality not so great. I could have bought a home theater system to enrich the sound but I just returned the TV and purchased a Samsung and I love it. I would recommend this TV for the people who does not like the TV to be loud or for the bedroom.Picture is great but not the sound
Honestly , If you are looking for a big large screen TV for your gaming system and you are on a budget . It's an ok choice . TV has great features , But I would recommend anyone to spend $200 more and get a better brand (Samgsung ,LG ,or Sony ) . Used it for two days only , Picture quality is beyong Horrible even on HD.Honestly !!!!
Got the TV, it worked fine with video games at 1080P via HDMI and that was good. Blu-rays played on the PS3 did not look good and were grainy in dark shots. I got a TCL 40" and this is no longer happening. The audio for this TV is horrendous, voices reverberate and it gets truly annoying. I would rate the sound 3/10 stock. I messed with the equalizer and was able to get it around 6/10. Still terrible.Had to take it back
When viewing from any angle other than directly straight on in front of the TV, the color quickly becomes very washed out. Considering returning.Color only good when directly in front of TV
I am all about buying a good deal. This could be considered one... but the truth is that the picture quality is not that great. I am also a gamer, so if you are a gamer DEFINITELY DO NOT BUY THIS TV. For regular TV viewers, this TV may actually be just fine!Just OKish
I will say it's not worth the price in my opinion as mine went out after 10 months. Also, the sound is definitely a con for this t.v. as you will read the same thing in most 1-3 star reviews.

Also, the major issue for me anyways was the HDMI card, went bad after 10 months of heavy use. These t.v.s today are really dicey in regards to something going wrong or scratchs on the screen, sound issues. If you are going to buy this size T.V. or larger I would spend the extra hundred dollars or so for a better/more popular t.v. Also check the warranty details before buying. Just like any big purchase you should be doing research. I did some, but not enough. Luckily, and I say this because I strongly feel if i didn't use this T.V. as much as I did during the first 10 months of ownership, it would of went bad after a year and it would of either went into the dumpster or I would of called around to see how much it was to fix it and if it's common issue. Then it's not worth it at all. I would just stay away from this brand.Read this review before buying
The set had a horrible hum that gave us headaches. I took it back to the local Walmart store and purchased better TV from the store.Stay away from this TV.
The 32 inch model very similar to this 40 inch model got decent reviews. This tv quit on me after 6 days....now in the process of waiting for a replacement and give Sceptre another chance....but will come too late to see the World Series I am afraid. Buy a name brand is my advice.Even at ship to store sale price....not worth it.
This tv never turned on. Horrible horrible horriblei guess it would had been great if it worked
When I got the tv home there was a white line down the left side of the screen and the right speaker was crackling and buzzing.Poor Quality
The TV seemed to be a great buy for the price but when I received it there was no base. Everything else was there if one wanted to use a wall mount but that one wasn't me. I needed that base and since there wasn't one I had to go through the hassle of returning it for a refund. I am skeptical to buy products like this from Walmart.com again.INCOMPLETE
I bought this TV in October 2013. Good sound, good picture. Didn't use it regularly as it was placed in a guest bedroom. All of a sudden, the picture is blank. You get a blue screen and then after about 3-5 minutes, it goes blank. I think this is a common problem with this TV as I have read other reviews with the same problem.Picture just went blank after a few months of use
had for just over a year when it turned off on its own to never turn on again.... before that it was an ok TV.Went off to never come back on
Ordered item Site to Store, went to pick it up and the box was so damaged the store personnel said she was embarrassed and ashamed to bring the TV out for me to see. Immediately returned item and received a refund.Site to Store Delivery
problem is after about 2 weeks no picture, only sound. returned to store for refundnice tv
I ordered this set online and when I plugged it in the picture clarity is horrible. I returned it the next day. I see now why they don't have any Sceptre brand TV's on display in the stores.Don't do it!
The picture is wonderful but the sound is alittle strangeA T.V. worth while
I was so excited when I saw the price of this TV. I bought it for my new apartment and when I took it out of the box and turned it on, there was a circular smudge in the picture. I returned the TV and ordered another one hoping it would be better because it was such an amazing value. The second TV had a similar, smaller smudge in the picture and I decided to overlook it since it was fine otherwise. A couple weeks later, I turned on the TV and there was a huge flashing line going down the screen (About 6 inches wide) that stayed no matter what I tried to do. VERY DISAPPOINTED!!!!DO NOT BUY!!!!!
I am on my 2nd tv in less than a month. The first tv the sound went out less than 2 weeks, Walmart sent me another with in less than 24hrs the power went out and has not been on since. :(this makes me very sad that i got a tv both times that doesn't work. I am not sure what to do now other than return and get another brand tv *mad , sad and crying***** DO NOT BUY!!***
I had purchased the TV on Cyber Monday (11/26/12) and it was delivered to my house that Friday. Set up TV and let it scan for channels. When that was done started to watch it and then the TV turned itself off. Hmmm. I turned it back on and after a few minutes it turn itself off again. Tried to turn it on again and it would not would not come on. Unplugged it and plugged it back in. It came on and turned itself off again. That was the last time it would come on. Dead.

Called Sceptre the following Monday. Left a message detailing the problem and left my phone number to have them call me back. They never did. Returned TV to the local Walmart for refund that Friday.

Cannot comment on picture, sound, etc since it would never stay on long enough for me. Did notice that the sound seemed to be unbalanced between the left and right speakers but like I mentioned it kept turning itself off! The remote seemed cheap.Basically DOA (Dead On Arrival)
Delivered by Fed Ex. My tv screen was broken. Had to return it to Walmart and buy a lesser quality tv in a smaller size for the same price. Very disappointed.broken tv screen
Gave this for a Christmas present. Picture is very grainy. My LG is much much better. Will be returning for a better one. Would not recommend this.40" sceptre
We loved this TV, until the warranty was up! It started having issues 1 month after the warranty is up, and now that it is 2 months later, it is a lemon and doesn't work:(Worked wonderful, for 13 months!
Arrived with a broken stand and remote missing. It had been used, broken and returned before, yet sold as new. You be the judge if that is Walmart problem or a TV problem - probably both. I appreciate the liberal return policies of Walmart, but when you sell junk like this you expect to get returns. I don't think you should put it back in the box and sell it for new again.It's cheap and made cheap
we are old. The instructions were not easy to follow. Tried to call the help number that re fered us to the computer. We had to call our cable company to get it running. We decided to return the T.V.bad instructions
Made in America sold me above the others !quality and affordable
I bought this at $378 on walmart.com back at the beginning of May, and the TV was worth the wait. I use this TV primarily for DVD/Blu-Ray movies, Netflix instant streaming and Hulu Plus and everything looks crisp and clear on iot. Why not 4* instead of 5* then? Sound is a little tinny and the TV had a dead pixel (noticeable, but doesn't take away from the enjoyment.) But for value it is a 5 out of 5.Very good TV for the money
Easy to use. Functional controls for most automatic choices make this system a hit who need it that way. Picture in 480I is crisp. Waiting for Dish upgrade to see what the screen view can improve to in 1080P. Great value.

First Time around. Alternate Handheld controller worked accepting Sony code values. Hint. Light to wall mount . Handles easily. I would love to see accordion like fiber optic cables to be implemented into the thinking. Or a coded wireless radio broadband connection in the future.

Our Eastern brothers and Sisters are really showing off in this value packed consumer laden offering. Keep them affordable and they will come I always say. Hope it passes the test of time. And there is no camera to worry about. Privacy is important. Thanks.

We moved the television forward to someone who needed it more than us. :)Scepture x405BV-FHDR 40" LED
I got this TV for our family room and was so disappointed when we set the TV up and couldn't get a clear picture. The picture had a blurred look to it. After many attempts in adjusting all of the setting to no avail, we returned the TV for better name brand and spent may $20 more.Totally disappointed!
From the previous reviews I had read before purchasing this item, I gathered this would be a good deal. The first thing...it is not 40" but merely 38.5". Be careful to read the fine print. It has taken a week to try to get the settings right like the picture and sound quality. The picture comes across w/ a white/gray tone to it despite my changing the contrast, brightness, etc. The sound is VERY poor. The speakers are in the back of the TV and the volume has to be turned up very high to be able to make sense of anything. There is a lot of treble and no bass and I've also changed those settings. I have changed sound settings MULTIPLE times without success. I may keep it another week to see if I adjust better to it but I still have the box in case I want to return it. Guess I'm spoiled by my 32" Vizio (a high quality of TV).Excited and then disappointed
THE picture is not great. It seems the resolution is grainy on many channels and the color is all over the screenPOOR COLOR
I just recently bought this TV online given it's high reviews. Actually, I received with broken screen. I returned back to Walmart 6 hours after I bought it. What a bad experience. If you are reading this review then you are probably asking yourself: should I go with this unknown brand? my simple answer: definitely NO. Pay an extra 100-150 & you will get a Samsung or LG for the same specification & expected more durability than this lousy TV.Broken Screen
We ordered this tv because of the value and the rating reviews. Walmart shipped item very fast but that is where the good remarks end. The tv when turned on had a bad pixel and looked like the screen was zizag scratched. Of course touching the screen confirmed it was not scratched but definely a bad pixel so we never got to experience anything good about this tv. We immediately boxed it up and returned it to Walmart and got our money back.Never got to determine.
I bought this for my guest house the day before my family arrived. And it did not work. would only get 11 channels. had to take it back to the store. and wouldn't you know they didn't have another on like that.DOA
I purchased the first of these in Oct/2014. In less than 1 month it stopped receiving a signal. I returned it for refund and went looking for a replacement. This model was still the best deal going and while working had a great picture and sound. Every company occasionally has a lemon so I decided to give it another try. Wrong decision. The 2nd quit receiving a signal in less than 2 months. On both occasions I connected another tv using the same cables and DVR/HD box to test that it wasn't my equipment. Works fine hooked to another tv. So save yourself the trouble. Stay away from Sceptre.2 for 2
Literally the day we had it for 3 months it broke. The sound would work but the screen was black. I would suggest spending the extra money to get a better tv.Broke the day we had it for 3 months
When assembled, could not get a picture, talked to a help desk tech and he said they would replace it but I took it back to the local Wal Mart where I received a refund for purchase.
Nice of the local Wal Mart to do so--company wanted info then would issue a return authorization and then a mailing slip but taking it to the local Wal Mart was easier and quicker.
Like the prompt delivery. But can not rate the TV---since it did not function.Didn't work!
We bought this TV for a spare room so we didn't use it much. After using it a few times the volume went. The service folks were great about fixing it because it was within the warranty. We still used it only once or twice a month and by the fall the picture went and it won't even turn on. It's out of warrant so we basically spent $300. for maybe a total of 20 hours of tv watching. Cheap product, don't waste your money!!Waste of money
I never write reviews, however the picture quality on this unit is so poor I really cant beleive they are selling it.

I read the reviews and they were good, I traveled along way to buy it just to plug it in and have the worst picture I have ever seen.

I reconnected my old 20 year TV and took it back.

Do not buy this, is total junk!Please do not waste your time
ENJOYED THE TV TILL THE SOUND QUIT ONLY AFTER 2 MONTHS!!!! JUST CALLED CUSTOMER SERVICES. HOPE THEY MAKE IT RIGHT!!!!!GREAT PITCURE QUIALITY / SOUND QUIT AFTER 2 MONTHS
WAS EASY TO SET UP. IT HAS A GREAT CLEAR PICTURE. WAS EASY TO HOOK UP MY DVD PLAYER TO IT, PLUS WITH A SECOND HDMI CABLE I CAN HOOK UP TO MY LAPTOP OR GAME SYSTEM.GREAT HD TV
Brought this TV for my son who is getting married and wanted a flat screen TV. I said think again until one day I was looking online and saw this great deal on a 40 inch flat screen and said great! Easy hook up and he love it dearly, great picture and sound. Didn't know brand but looked up reviews and were good so took a chance and now I am the best mom.Big screen tv for a great price
Not the best picture, but certainly worth what I paid.Good deal
C'mon, 40 inches for less than $350 with tax and shipping... you just can't beat it.... the quality is very good, i'd say excellent, for the price - in fact, i like watching this set rather than my Sony Bravia in the living room - the presets on the remote are much easier to use and adjust.

I initially bought to use as a monitor but as many reviews suggest, 40" is too big for monitor and since the picture was so good, i put in my family room. Great deal... add the extended warranty and you've got a great deal.can't beat the value
Good qualitySceptre TV
What an amazing price from Walmart.com and what a amazing Television! You name it, this TV is right up there holding strong with the big boy names. Outstanding picture, great design, super easy remote and controls. Excellent hookups and do not complain about the sound. Just add a soudbar or external source and your all set. We really enjoy it and Sceptre has made a very good product! Two thumbs up from the Mrs and myself!Perfect LED 40''
I shopped online at several stores before choosing this one.
It is a good tv for the price.
The only problem I have with the whole transaction is while I was window shopping online, I checked all the Wal-Mart stores in my area and none had a sale on 40" tvs. So I ordered this one to be shipped.
Two days before it's arrival, I went to a Wal-Mart near me and Emerson 40" tvs were on sale for the same price. I could have saved a couple of weeks waiting and shipping charges had I known.
I came home that day and looked online and the Emerson sale still wasn't listed.
And that's my only gripe.Nice tv for the price.
Worth itAwesome price awesome TV!
I.do not have much to say.yest that I. have another 32 inches and had to have a 40 because if a 32 has such a quality picture a 40 inches would be even better.and it is. thanks.super tv for the price
Just got the tv a couple weeks go, and for the price it's not bad. A bunch of the buttons on the remote don't work, so I'll have to contact warranty about that. The picture looks good, and so far the tv itself is working fine.Good tv for the price, but don't expect too much.
Great TV for the price...solid picture quality, sound quality is ok, could be better. Features are good, and comparable to a TV $100 more. It was easy to assemble and easy to set-up and configure. Very happy with the purchase. The TV arrived very fast, a day before expected date.Nice TV for the Price!
kids use the tv out in the play room for videos, movies, and games. they like the tv pretty wellgreat tv for the den without breaking the bank
so far so good. only time will tell.good for limited budget
It was broken when we pulled it out of the box but we plugged it in to see what it was like. the picture was great and sound was great. Not a bad deal. Walmart's service plan is not transferrable though. We have returned it and will order another one.The TV was broken when we pulled it out of the box
Bought this for a gift. Picture is good, simple to use, and the price is excellent. Sound is weak on most flat screens. Easy to really clean it up by manually adjusting (friend was trying to use presets). Set the treble high and bass up to about two notches about center. Picture looked even sharper after adjusting the black level (brightness) and contrast. Added a little to the saturation. Picture looks sharp now! My friend and mother seem to really enjoy this television, and are even happier since I tweaked it.Great for the price
From the reviews, I expected this TV to have a clearer picture. It's a Good+, but not great.A good large TV for the price
Very pleased with my tv, for the price its a great deal.Great TV for a lower price
Very good pricegoog pro duct
I love this TV and it's slim design! I was able to get it into my 3rd floor apartment w/no problem! The picture quality is great and I was so worried that I was cheating myself by buying a Sceptre over the big name brands. I wish the sound was a little better but it's ok, I've already purchased a surround sound system. I recommend...especially for children...or a room that may not be used much...or a working person like myself who doesn't watch much TV...Great Deal, Way After Black Friday
After much review and research, I am pleased with the overall quality of this product. However, the sound quality is a bit digital.Overall worth the money!
The TV is good size for a bedroom and gets the job done. Had to adjust the color the picture was dark, but everthing else seems to be fine. Great TV for the price.Good for the money
Somehow, I was given the info that Sceptre uses Sony parts! Is this correct? Anyway, inspite of the unknown brand, it is just as clear as any TV set, though not 100%.Met my expectations at the this price!!!!
This is our first venture into HD and so far it has been a very good experience. The picture is very good. The sound quality was okay but we did buy a sound bar that inproved the quality.Excellent choice for 1st venture into HD
The TV was a great deal for the holiday, and most of the reviews talked about the poor sound quality. I purchased a sound bar for another $125 to go with the TV just in case. Well, the sound on the Sceptre is really poor. It is difficult to hear voices over music and it blends together. Adding the sound bar made a big difference. The picture quality is great and other than the sound, the TV has plenty of hook ups and all I need to hook up my other devices.Great price, poor sound quality
very nice tv has a sharp picture, I did recomend to others.great TV
I bought this with no previous knowledge of the brand. Based on the many reviews, it appears to be a good deal: a American made flat screen with a 170 degree viewing angle, and a swivel base. And that's what I got. As many others have mentioned, the audio is poor. If you have ever been to a bar where a 3rd rate band played, you know what I mean. Making it louder does not make it better.
The out of box image was not to my liking. Not a problem. It took a couple minutes to dial in the many settings to my preferences. The audio has much fewer options, and more to be desired. I am shopping for a sound bar to make this a perfect a/v toy.
The farther under $10 / inch you can buy this tv, the better. Picture quality (with some adjustments) is better than MUCH higher priced flat screens. It does take about 11 seconds to power up. But you can see bright, clear image from most angles. The audio is poor. You are warned.
I would recommend this tv to anyone who wants a great picture.Good picture with poor sound.
GoodGreat product
Easy set up. Plenty of features.You can not find a better TV for the price.
Nice TV for the price.Nice 40" TV
pretty good for the pricegreat bargin
I had been looking at flat screens for a few months, when I came across this great deal. Although there were mixed reviews, I found they were mostly positive, so I took a chance and ordered it using the site to store shipping option. The television has a great picture and sound. It is easy to set up and program. My only real problem I have with it is that I have to change out the DVD player and the Wii depending on which I want to use. It's easy enough to do, just a little inconvenient. But overall, I am very satisfied.Fantastic Purchase...Great Price
This was my first electronic purchase on my own without the "male" opinions. I am very happy. I did my due diligence and was welk rewarded.Sexy
This TV is a good value for the money. I bought it based on a friend's recommendation. But upon opening the box, I found the bottom bezel (long piece that covers the stand opening if the unit is wall mounted), one of the tabs is broken off. I am not sure if the bezel will still work on the unit, and since I don' have any plans to mount this unit on the wall, I didn't even bother to ask for a replacement piece. Otherwise, the TV looks and works great. This is my first LCD HDTV and at 40", it fits very well in my oversized master bedroom. Watching HD sports is a blast from my old tube TV.nice HDTV at a great price
It was an awesome TV, Just blew up after about 3 months.It must have had a glitch
I DID A LOT OF RESEARCH ABOUT THE DIFFERNCE BETWEEN...LED'S,LCD;S,1080P, 60HZ...ECT., AND FOUND THAT BY UNDERSTANDING HOW THEY WORK IN CONJUNCTION W/THE TV., ALLOWED ME TO MAKE A KNOWLEDGEABLE AND PRACTICLE DECISION.(SAVING ME A LOT OF MONEY)HOW I SHOPPED FOR A FLAT SCREEN TV.
I have owned this TV for a coupe of weeks now. Really nice picture. As good if not better then the others I have looked at. The couple of things that seem to be lacking, is the picture adjustment, full screen or narrows it down to a 24 inch tv. you just have to play with it, other drawback is the sound. Now that is lacking. You need a soundbar or home theater system. Good for the price.Sceptre
The tv is fine; however, the picture quality could be better.Overall this is a good tv
I am loving my tv. Not too of the line, but we'll worth what I paid!Wow :-)
good tv just dead pixel in the middle of the screen right when i opend itdead pixel
This is not an item that I would put in my home. This was bought mainly because the size and price fit in my budget but this TV is being bought for a bachelor pad.Gets the job done
Have not been able to get true HD 1080i reception as of yet. Not sure if cable box is cause. Other TV's in home have no problem. Remote is rather easy to use as was initail set-up. Will withhold final decision about this product until I have exhausted the reception problem with the local cable company.Only 720i reception
There is only one draw back, if you watch a movie 4 feet away the pic is a little fuzzy. But I play video games on my x-box 360 at that distance and have no problems with the pic quality. This is still an awesome TV. 8 ft away watching a movie is substantially better and no distortion. I have no regrets buying this for my bed room.This is a great T.V.
We are pretty pleased with the tv, especially for what the purchase price was (got it on sale and saved quite a bit.) However, the big question remains unanswered- how long will the set last? Particularly since we run our tv a good twelve hours a day.Pretty pleased...
I like the ROKU option.good for the price
I had a 3 year old Sceptre whose motherboard went bad. I liked the tv fine enough for the price, so figured I'd replace it with this one: Same price, same size as 3 years ago.

Hooked the new one up and it couldn't find any of the digital channels. Apparently in order to cut down on cost, some of the newer models removed the "QAM Tuner" which is needed to recognize and display digital channels. This was not a problem on the older TV I was replacing. Didn't think after 3 years I'd be losing functionality.

TV display works fine, however.Cannot receive digital channels
the picture goes out sometimes and i have to manual unplug it .The sound on some Chanels i have to turn up really highothers is ok.Picture goes out ,sound bad
I think this TV is an incredible value. I did a lot of research and don't believe that one could find another TV with the same features for less. The unit arrived several days before expected so the S&H was very quick. The unit also came boxed very well. Unfortunately, I didn't even get a chance to hook the unit up to tell you anything about the real picture or sound quality because I couldn't get the TV to sit securely in the VERY cheap TV stand that the unit came with. For those that intend to place the unit in the stand that it comes with.....stay away. The stand is terrible and the "thing" attached to the TV that is supposed to be inserted into the stand is terrible too. I tried several different times to insert the TV into the stand thinking that maybe it is/was me but the TV (if left alone) would start to fall forward (and right out of the stand). In fact, two of the nobs on the stand broke right off. Bottomline: I'm betting that if someone wants to secure this TV to the wall, it will work, and be great for the value.Had to return before even getting started
Bought this tv along with a full motion wall mount for my mother as a Christmas gift, she loves the picture and the ease of adjusting the set so that she can watch tv from her kitchen into the living room. I would recommend this tv to my friends as either a primary or second bed room set up.Mom's christmas surprise
except for sound its okhave toreset all to get sound
This TV might have been damaged in shipping. Picture was dull, not sharp, white area of pixel damage. Returned and bought a Vizio 42 inch and it is much better.Bad picture. Possibly damaged in handling.
We bought the TV for my grandmother in a skilled nursing facility because she loves her TV. We found this on for a great price. She uses the cable connector for her cable. Unfortunately when she moved rooms when it was being disconnected it broke off. It has been a hassle to fix ever since. If you just use the HDMI cable you might not have as many problems. Good picture. Great price. Very Poor Quality. Good luckGood Picture. Some Problems!
The sound quality from the internal speakers is horrible. I tried to improve the sound quality using some of the equalizer features, but it is still tinny, and like the inside of a box. An ipad produces better sound from its internal speakers. I have a small set of powered speakers that I use for my ipod that provide good sound, but when I connected them to the TV headphone jack, I could barely get much sound through them, even when increasing the volume. I wish I had listened to the set at a store, because I would not have bought this TV if I had. The screen and resolution seems fine to me, and the available ports and connections seem helpful. The base assembly isn't completely intuitive, but not too hard to figure out. The price was cheap--on salehorrible sound from the internal speakers
This is a basic TV only no Internet access etc.Basic tv only
I bought this TV online and had it sent site to store. A good deal at $319 bucks! Waited roughly a week. I use this as a computer monitor via hdmi cable.

The picture is average, the words on the screen are not crisp especially considering a 1080p setting. Movies and video games look better but still not as crisp as you would expect.

The sound is awful! If you turn up the sound for an action movie to even 60% max the screen vibrates. There is also a delay in the sound response, as in you turn up the volume and it turns up slightly but then 3 seconds later it turns up again. There is also a "white noise" sound that randomly comes and goes as in the same sound you would hear if you turned up the volume all the way with nothing playing, kind of like an electric fuzz sound.

I am returning this tv and buying an element. I had a 32 inch 720p element before and was very happy with it. hopefully their 40" 1080p is just as good.Good price, picture is average, sound is terrible
I highly recommend paying the extra $50 or so to get a TV from a better known manufacturer. The TV was advertised as having a slim and sleek design. In reality the TV is far wider and bulkier than most other TVs I've seen. The remote is massive as well, with limited functionality to control the poorly designed menu system. The sleep button goes in ten minute increments, so I have to press sleep three times to get the standard 30 minutes. There is no option in the menu to adjust the sleep interval. To add insult to injury, all sticker on the front of the TV are permanently affixed to the TV. This includes the big yellow energy efficiency sticker. I had to spend 20 minutes scraping the sticker off, then used gu-gone to remove the residue. Oh, the speakers are garbage and the picture quality is only mediocre. Trust me, spend the extra couple dollars to buy from a reputable manufacturer.You get what you pay for
very slow between channel changesIt didn't respond to the remote corectly(returned)
NOT WORTH THE MONEYTV not worth the price I paid
I don't want to knock the brand to bad, but this tv just for watching cable. The sound quality takes away from the enjoyment of watching a good movie or playing video games or listening to music. It's a must to purchase a sound system or sound bar to give you a better hearing experience. Luckily I have one.Great picture horrible sound!
The closed captioning did not work on this TV. Also I did not care for the picture quality. I'm returning it for another brand TV.Not the TV for me
I had really hoped that this TV would be good, even though I didn't know the name. I can not program my cable remote to use since this brand isn't even mentioned. The TV picture is really only 480i rather than the 1080 I expected. There is no clarity to the picture. I'm returning it for a Phillips.What a bad decision
Excellent price for a 40" TV...the rest is a disaster. :( As the old saying, "get what you pay"Get what you pay...
well when i received the tv i was very happy it worked well, for cable, wii, netflix,gaming ect...i had the tv for about a month and then one night it just shut off completley it would not turn back on, i unpluged the power cord and tried to see if it had cam loose, but no matter what i did it would NOT turn on at all!!!! very upsetting i was thankfully with in the 90 days so i took it to my local walmart and they refunded me no problem, i now have a emerson( hoping his one works out)!waste of money!!!
Plugged it in and half way thur quick set up tv stopped working. Reseated all plugs, went thru qick set up which picked up several hd stations but stopped working after 2 days for NO REASON. The price was cut $150, now i know why!Works when it wants to!
can't get the picture sharp enough. Blurry. Sound is ....not good. Its loud but, can't hear clearly. That's it...NOTHING clear or sharp about this TV !!! The reviews I read before I bought this TV said it was good. Its not. Waste of money.Blurry
It was too good to b true!! Just after owning it 14 months not main TV used n back bedroom, it died!! Just gone called manufacture n was told should have purchased extended policy!! Have never had a TV go out with less than average usage. This TV replaced a TV flat screen was used every day for years a cheap no name TV that my grand children watched all the time. I have limited funds n will really not read the reviews posted as I bought after reading positive reviews. Sorry I purchased this TVneed extended policy
TV works fine, but the remote is broken and rattles when you shake it. Obviously Poor Quality. I will look into getting it replaced. It was a present for my daughter. Good price but broken remote, and I do not feel like sending back the whole TV for a remote.Sceptre 40 inch TV
This TV has a horrible picture, everything has a shadow. When words are on screen like ads or the tv guide you feel like you need glasses to clear it up! Overall the picture is not sharp. This TV is going back and for $60 more I'll get a name brand one.Not a clear picture
The quality of the sound is no good. I am very disappointed, Do not waste your money. I am in the process of returning it back. I should've checked reviews before purchasing this tv. There are Many complaints about the sound of this tv.Don't bother
THIS TV IS A PIECE OF JUNK. THE WORST PICTURE I HAVE EVER SEEN. I WATCH A LOT OF ESPN AND THE LOWER SCORES ARE ALL BLURRED AND COLOR QUALITY IS VERY POOR. I WILL BE RETUNUNG THIS PRODUCT FOR A REFUNDTV
Tv die in less than two years.shut off and never came back ondo not buy
We bought this TV 13 months ago for our bedroom and really loved it. The picture was great and the sound was good considering it's an LCD TV. Being a bedroom TV we didn't watch it very often though. Then a few days ago it just shut off on me and won't come back on. Now I own a dead TV that's just out of warranty and I'm wishing I had bought a better brand. I also wish I'd bought the extended warranty. Next time I will, but it won't be for a Sceptre TV.Disappointed
I think the only recommendation I would have is the placement of the connections are recessed and inverted making it slightly difficult to make connections.Placement of rear connectors
I don't recommend this product. Worked for three days only. At the third day I was watching a program and suddenly the screen when black and that was the end of it. Didn't work anymore.WORSE PURCHASE EVER!
We tried everything to get the sound to go up. If we moved it to 15 then it was too low to hear. If we move it to 50, it put out the same sound as my other tv which would be on 6. If we moved it to 100 the the wording was muffled. there was nothing else we could do except spend more money for speakers so we could enjoy the sound. I return it and got my money back.Sound was horriable
We took the TV hook it up and it the worst picture I have seen on any tv ...very disappointingbad picture
Easy to assemble stand. Very good quality picture. There are several options to adjust color and screen - so you need to "roam" about to get the settings you want. The TV is set up to connect with ROKU. I just purchased this tv a couple of weeks ago - so far so good!Great TV
This television's performance is much better than I thought it would be.Awesome!
I bought the Sceptre set for the non-shiny bezel and 1080p picture. The price is impressive and the size is the correct fit for me. I have not set it up in my home yet. I have this for a backup TV. A CRT set will be replaced soon. The reviews are excellent and WalMart backs up what it sells. It is a Win-Win situation! Score One for me!!Quality and value in an attractive television
I bought this t.v. for my college dorm because it was a great deal and it got mostly good reviews. I really really like it so far. I think that if I had it hooked up to high definition the picture would be a little bit better but in the dorms we only have cable. The t.v. is really easy to hook up and start using. I would definitely recommend it to anyone thinking about buying it especially for college!Great T.V. overall
Son will use it when he visits in town. Should have gotten a smart TV though.Nice Value
One can reasonably expect only so much from a $300 40" HDTV. That said, I am not as happy with this TV as most other reviewers seem to be.

I encountered the following problems:

Had to channel search multiple times, first few scans found zero channels. Never found out why.

The stand does not tilt. Worse, the TV leans slightly forward.

Picture quality is lower than expected. My low end Zenith 50" 1080 plasma makes the Sceptre look bad.Disappointed
this is a christmas gift for my mom so it is not opened yet but for what the box says about it and what i payed for it seems like it will be decentgift
needed a new tv. this one was cheap and it gets thhe job done. Good value for price. no complaints.its a tv
Great price for a 40", picture is decent. The sound is horrible, but most people use these TV's as monitors only as I did, so it was worth every penny.Inexpensive TV decent picture, bad sound
Good for price but no Internet TV.Good tv
Overall this is a good tv for your money.

My only problem with it is that the sound quality is TERRIBLE.

I can rarely get it JUST right. For the most part it's WAY too low so i highly suggest a sound bar or some speaker system.

The other thing i didn't like was was there was only one section for the A/V. Most of my electronics use A/V input so you'd have to buy alternate cables like YPBPR cables if you'd like to connect something else.

I had a game system and a DVD player i wanted to hook up and i could only do one.

In fairness, if you look at the specs it would tell you what it has. The AV thing wasn't a factor.

Picture quality is average, although i haven't used the HD yet.It gets the job done
I love this tv very much and its the bestI love this tv
Did not realize when ordering that the TV was only a 60 HZ. Returning for higher resolution TVpoor picture
Refresh rate is very slow so the picture quality is not very good. I would return this product if I could, but unfortunely, I threw away the box.Not a very good picture.
Ordered this TV online, has 60Hz, so canceled my order when found out picture better w/120Hz over 60 and I purchased an LG 42" w/120Hz. Site wouldn't let me review w/o rating. Not fair, since I didn't view TV at all. I wanted more hertz, so got a larger screen w/more hertz; but in my price range.120hz better than 60.
I like everything about the TVu except some time the color is off a little.Good TV for the price
I order a 40" inch but it was only 36". beware before buying a Sceptre Tv. Very disappointed.Size of Tv does not measure up
Hooked this TV up to my cable and scanned for channels and it found none. This tv has no QAM tuner and will only work with a cable box or satellite boxNo QAM tuner
Bought this tv about 14 mos.ago--Now it has only half a pic. this brand is no good [BEWARE]--------TOM/Tenn.Beware
I assume the tv was broken due to poor handling during shipping. Disappointing. Ended up purchasing another brand that was available in the store.TV came broken
didn't care much for it. didn't like having to go into menu in order to watch digital channels. but you get what you pay forfuzzy picture
Walmart did not send the correct model that was ordered. This required extensive time on the phone getting the FEDEX return labels, credit etc. arranged. The website for returning the item didn't function correctly resulting in much longer time in the effort of returning the incorrect item.

Two months later I received a call from UPS claiming Walmart notified them they didn't receive the item returned. Problem...It was shipped via FEDEX and they did receive it!! No more internet orders for walmart after this fiasco.Wrong model shipped
I ordered this television online for Christmas. It was due to be delivered on 12/20/2014. Well in 12/22/2014 l called customer service to report that the item hadn't arrived. I was told that the item was lost. A rush ordered was put in place so it would arrive before Christmas. Well. it did. My husband went to put it together Christmas Day only to discover 2 large cracks in the screen. The television was returned to my local Walmart for a refund. l immediately placed another order for this same television. It was due to arrive on 1/9/2015, to my surprise it arrived on 1/2/2015. Well, hubby put it together, plugged it up, turned it on, and what do we discover? Two large cracks on the inside of the screen. I am not sure if this is a shipping or product matter, however, since l was not present during the assembly, packing or shipping and l still am without a television l am going to say that this is one lousy product. The darned thing was returned, we still have no television, but will not be ordering another one from Walmart.Not happy with this purchase
The tv itself is fine. The box that this came in - which I didn't see until it had already been purchased and delivered because I ordered online - was incredibly sexist. It had a collage of about 20 pictures on it, all women, only three of whom were wearing visible clothing. There's absolutely no reason to sexualize the box a TV comes in and I could not have been more offended. I reached out to the company (Sceptre) but heard nothing back.Suuuuuuper sexist box
digital chs would not working digital tuner doesn't workdid not work
I returned my TV back to Walmart and got another one at the store, a name brand TV and this one is 100% better!! I brought the Sceptre TV home and the screen on it was so loose that I could of spinned it around a few times, thought it was going to fall off it's base even though it was screwed on tightly!!!

The picture quality was awful, there was squiggly lines as well as the picture going in or out. It looked like snow in the background and even had a woman friend of mine see it too. So I had a witness that said that's awful......She helped me return the TV thank God.

Come to find out Walmart stores do not even sell these in their stores, only online!! I was shocked to say the least..........Not a good brand at all.
this tv is not compatible with the xbox 360.not compatible with xbox
This is not a television!!! It was marketed as a flat screen HD TV ... but has not tuner . Planning to return it tomorrow.Not a television !!!!
Haven't used tv yet, moving then will hook up to new cable service in May.great price
I like to wake up to the TV - there is no alarm on this model.Great TV - No Alarm
You get what you pay for :)Happy
I just bought this online Thanksgiving Day and received it in 2 days from Walmart. What an unexpected surprise. I paid no freight charges and we expected it in the next couple of weeks. My husband already set it up and we love it. It is perfect for our living room. Maybe they will start watching tv up here instead of the man cave where the huge tv is...lol Thank You Walmart for the great holiday pricing and extra fast shipping!!Great Buy and Ultra Fast Shipping
Picture quality is just fine. Clear enough for the HD Channels. I am using Comcast. I have problems getting the right screen size (normal, wide, cinema or zoom) for digital channels (non-HD). If I want to get the picture bigger, say wide, the captions get trimmed at the sides. If I try to fit 100% so I can read the entire caption, black vertical bars appear at the sides. Another issue which really tests my patience is the time it takes to respond to my Comcast remote control. After I put it on, I need to wait for 15 secs for it to respond to 'volume' or 'guide' buttons of my Comcast remote control. If you're looking for a TV that's for keeps, this is not the one. I move every 2 years, so for me, it's serving the purpose. At least, 'temporarily'.You get what you paid for..
The picture is good enough but the sound quality is horrible..Its pretty good for the price
So I've had this TV for about 4 months now and it has a good picture and everything but the sound is terrible. After about 5 weeks I turned the TV up louder than usual to watch a new series I'd been waiting to see and there was a static noise, almost like when your phone is losing reception. It was too late to return so I still have it but I wouldn't have bought this thing if I knew that before hand. Haven't tried getting speakers or anything to hoop up to it but maybe that'll help. My advice is beware of the bargain you THINK you're getting...Terrible Sound Quality
I am sure this television could have been everything that I was looking for. But after setting it up and turning it on, it showed "lightening bolt" jig jags through the picture screen from the top where it must have been hit. The foam cartons only covered the corner areas in the box. Also, the box of the t.v. was not wrapped. I found the t.v. when I got home from work, sitting slanted on my concrete porch and leaning a bit into the flower bed, full view of what was enclosed. I am so glad that I live where I do, or it would have been gone. My personal thoughts on this is if you are going to purchase a t.v., just go to the supplier and get it. I didn't think my car was big enough with carseat and other items. Now I have to return it to Walmart and get a new one! Grrrr!!!T.V. is beautiful, but came with cracked screen.
worst purchase, everyone is entitled to their own opinions but for me this was a total bust :(dont bother
lasted 1 1/5 years only....called their customer service twice and left message...never got call back. called tv repairman and he said not worth fixing as the tv is made in china and parts are hard to get to impossible to get. would have to charge for service whether he fixed it or not. Ill buy a brand name and chaulk this off to experience....buy a brand name instead
Nice picture. Can't beat the price.

DO IT!'Very nice tv!
Waited a week and it came without a remote or hardware for stand. Brought it back and ordered one from Amazon. T.v. works great and everything was included.Disappointed
Very satisfied with this tv it is my first flatscreenGreat TV for the price
It's a great tv .. Very clear picture .. Bt bad volumetv
It definitelys not HDTV the picture is blurry. Very unhappy with the quality. you get what you paid for im sending it back. The only positive thing i can say is how quickly the put my refund back on my cardbad
I'm pretty disappointed with the picture on this TV. I haven't tried all the settings yet, but it looks "muddy" on most channels.Not the best picture...
Good so far, easy to connect after you do it.tv
I saw a good price on an LED TV and did not read all the specs. The picture, color, and sound are good, but it is much bigger than you would expect for an LED device. Overall I would rate it a 5.5.not all LED TV's are created equal
This TV, for the price, was a pretty good TV. Picture/sound was nice. I personally had to return it, because there were not enough "holes" to plug all my "stuff" into. There's only one bank of hook ups for my Wii, and one for a DVD...which left my Xbox hangin in limbo!Good But....
The sound is way too low and I can't make a significant adjustment anywhere.

I feel forced to buy TV Ears or a soundbar.

I don't like the limited ability to adjust the picture.

Why didn't I return it? My handyman had already installed the wall mount and mounted the TV before I actually got it all setup.Disappointed
Poor quality picture and sound. Stick with name brands.Better off spending a little more money.Cheap made tv.You do get what you pay for.
Really surprised and happy with this TV and this brand.
It is a great product, include complete features and a superlative quality screen and sound.Happy and surprised
The Sceptre TV Unit was delivered within time I ordered. Delivery would have been free if I was willing to wait 10 days. I chose to pay $4.97 and got delivery in 5 days. Unit easy to assemble. Setup very user friendly. The Sceptre TV can be connected to your PC and used as a monitor.
Sceptre TV is of great quality! Has screen size options. I AM VERY HAPPY WITH SCEPTRE and appreciate Walmart's handling the sale!No problem from start, ordering, to receiving
Giving the gift as a Christmas present, therefore answers for picture quality, sound quality and features are guestimates.Great replacement tv...
parcdont buy
I had a friend to buy this television that's why I bought one but mine was broke before I could even see if it was worth the moneythey broke it before I could review it
Love this tv, the picture and overall quality is an exceptional buy especially for the price. Very satisfied.Exceptional quality!
After reading the reviews, I decided to buy. But was disapointed with the picture quality. the sound and volume was fine, but I did not like the clarity and quality of the picture. This set is an lcd. I spoke with some of my co-workers and I found out that you need to have an led lcd tv with any tv over 32 inches. I returned it to walmart and bought a toshiba 40 inch led lcd, and am so happy !!!
I love the clarity !!! and the colors are so bright !!ok for the price
there was a blank spot on the screen had to returndead spot on screen
Dont waste your moneyjunk!
After picking up the tv and struggling to get in in and out of the car and upstairs, got it out, set it up and turned it on. It was broken, the picture was in shards. Had to take off stand rebox and haul it back to the store. I bought another brand directly from store a few days later and love it.Broken
Bad tvBad tv
We wanted to buy a nice low priced tv for the bedroom so we purchased this tv after reading the nice reviews. It was delivered to the store in a timely manner, however, when we brought it home we found that the screen was shattered during shipping. When I brought it back to the store the associate told me that she wasn't surprised "this happens all the time". Hearing that, I decided to just spend an extra $100 and get a 37" Vizio (in-store). A name I could trust and also so I wouldn't have to wait another 2 weeks for another Sceptre possibly arriving damaged. By the way, when you read the reviews of the Sceptre in other sizes there are a lot of complaints on the sound. So although I can't give an accurate opinion on the picture quality or sound quality I will say that if you want your TV right away, you may be better off spending a little more money and buying something you can see first.Be careful getting anything shipped to the store!!
DON'T BUY THIS TV, THAT'S ALL I GOT TO SAY!!!! RUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUNBAD TV
I measured the intire tv and it measured at 36 inches. screen is 30 inch and its really thick for being a flat screen. Its abbout 4.5 to 5 inches thick. I did not even turn it on as soon as i saw the screen i put it back in the box and sent it back for credit.not a 40 inch
good buy every thing as advertisedexcellent
Once you get the settings right, the picture is great. Volume is greatGreat picture
received this tv with a huge hole in the box that looked as if someone punched their fist through it. the tv was highly damaged and had to be immediately returned. such a hassle.damaged
I bought this tv for my boyfriend for Christmas an so far he loves it. It has been a Great tv.Great tv so far
You can not tell anything about the TV's in any store display.
It is only being used as a monitor.
The TV is being feed by a DVD or Blu-ray player.
The TUNER is one of the most important parts of any TV as far as the quality goes and is not used in the store displays.

ReturnedTUNER is one of the most important
i purchased this tv as a gift for my 75 year old technically challenged father, once i set it up, he had no problem accessing all the features, a very good, reasonably priced televisiongreat tv great price
So far, so good with this unit. Good picture when you put a 720 or 1080 signal to it. Sound is okay--nothing special, but better than some other lcd units I compared. Remote was DOA, but 1 email to SCEPTRE tech support and a new one arrived via mail a few days later. Good combination of size and features for the price.Great for the price
Great product. Works beyond what I expected and as good as my LG 40". That's why I buy from Walmart, great service, new, great prices and deals ...and always a good quality product...and if you have any problems...THEY RESOLVE IT. 80% of my shopping is done at Walmart... maybe I should get some stock in them. LOL. I also jut bought a 32 Hitachi on sale from them...best deal in town!What a deal!
This is a GREAT TV. Sure, it's only 60hz, but it's also inexpensive. Picture quality is fantastic for the price. I bought this as a gift for my daughters apartment. Yeah, it's not close to my $1200 Bravia, but for the low $300 range ($340 delivered to my door) it's incredible.

Setup was easy. Picture quality was one heck of an improvement over what they had before. Audio was kind of 'tinny', but I'm still playing with the equalizer.

Overall, this was a fantastic deal!For the money VERY difficult to beat!
This is a great value and I'm glad I was influenced by the other reviews. The set up was easy (for me and my 14 yr son) and we were connected in 20 min. Like any new product it takes time to understand the system. If you can read the instructions you're good to go. There are three dead pixels but hardly noticeable especially given the price, and a very minor defect. Overall an excellent product for most viewers.Great Value
I ORDERED ON LINE AND HAD THE TV 2 DAYS LATER (EXTREMELY FAST SHIPPING BY FEDEX).
VERY EASY TO SET UP AND PROGRAMING WAS A SNAP IN JUST A FEW MINUTES TIME. VERY EASY TO FOLLOW SET UP AND PROGRAMING DIRECTIONS. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS TV PLUS THERE ARE SO MANY MORE EXTRA FEATURES BUILT IN TO THE TV COMPARED TO MY PREVIOUS TV WHICH WAS ONLY 5 YEARS OLD.EXCELLENT TV
has features and performs like the big name tvs---cant go wrong!great product for the price!
We are not a technoloogy family. So to move to a flat screen TV was a careful decision. The cost was important,too. We came across this TV and saw the price. WOW! We got it on a rollback for under $300 -free shipping with Site to Store - can't beat that. Read many of the reviews about TV here and on other sites. Even went to Sceptre's website to see user manual and check it out. Decided to go ahead with purchase. We were very concerned with the negative reviews about TV not working after a few hours or problems with sound. Have had it for 2 weeks so far and I am glad to say we have had none of those problems- and it is on for over 8 hours a day. We have standard cable - no converter box - and get great viewing. With our old TV we got about 60 channels. With this TV we now have around 90 channels...same standard cable. A few channels are a little grainier since we do not have the HD cable upgrade, but nothing bad at all. Even get some digital channels without paying for digital cable. Like that it has 4 HDMI, so when we need them we have them. Remote is user friendly - would be nice if buttons glowed in the dark. Like the ability to change the screen size from normal, wide, cinema - makes you feel like you are in the first row of a movie theater. This TV would stand against the brand name, higher priced TVs.Great TV
Have had this set for about 3 weeks and love it. Read the other reviews prior to my purchase, which helped me decide. Also liked the convenience of home delivery, and my son set it up for me without any problem, even though it was akin to working in a telephone booth. Would highly recommend this set if you ar on a budget (and who isn't?) ...am very pleased so far.
tOutstanding tv for a very modest price!
I originally bouthg this tv for our guest room as the price was equivalent to a "Brand Name" 32 inch model. After opening the box and setting up the TV, the first thing I noticed was the exceptional picture quality and sound which is significantly better than my 46"" Samsung.
After a few days of comparing the two units, I actually swapped them and put the Sceptre TV in the main room.
I am extremely impressed with this unit.Surprisingly Excellent
I purchased this TV for 350.00 to my house and at that price this TV is an excellent buy. Great picture.Excellent tv for price.
This Sceptre practically set itself up. Very user friendly. Have only had it a couple of weeks and haven't tried all the extras yet. Noticed the sound fading and getting louder on a commercial but haven't had that happen during a program. The picture is great and the colors are true. I hope I never have to use the warranty as I've never heard of the Sceptre brand before. I bought an extended warranty at the store and when I phoned the company to register the t.v. they were very friendly and helpful.Great t.v. for the price
At the low price we bought this at, there is nothing but happy faces! Easy to set up, easy to use!Great price for a Great product!
Looking for a 1080 that is in-exspensive but the quality as all the other big name brands well I found it with SCEPTRE. It was easy out of the box install and set up... I love the rotating base that the tv is on......I will def. be getting anouther SCEPTRE tvGreat Purchase
The TV is excellent, no problems. Clear picture using indoor antenna. Easy to mount to wall, good size, not too big to take over the room, but big enough to enjoy sports movies, and TV shows. The news anchors are about the size of an actual person. I think I saw a very similar TV at Best Buy for more than double the price. Site to store shipped in about 3 days. Very easy pickup and install. Can hook up to PC to watch hulu TV shows and movies.The best deal out there for a big screen TV.
When I first seen it and never heard of the brand at first I did not want to buy it. But once I read a few reviews I decided to order. Do not regret my purchase love my new TV my daughter loves seeing her cartoons on her 40 inch tv. Picture is excellent volume is perfect. Buy this good deal!This TV is Amazing for the Price
took about 5 days to get the tv delivered to my local walmart. The anticipation was i mpossible but once I received the tv and hooked it up and saw what an awesome picture and sound had I was a happy camper. Anyways I would recommnd this tv to anyone.great tv for the money
I've bought VIZIO TVs for a number of years, but; the last two were disappointing with their lack of volume and sound quality. This 40-inch Sceptre Television is remarkable. It has a beautiful picture, and the audio is amazing. No "sound bar" is needed to enjoy this television - something my latest 37-inch VIZIO requires to get the job done.

The overall features of the Sceptre television are excellent. I only have a couple of (very minor) wishes: (a) the SLEEP TIMER only goes to 2-hours (3-hours or even 4-hours would be an improvement). (b) Removing the "foot" for the pedistal was a bit challenging. Some of the screws were rather difficult to remove. Beyond that, I have absolutely nothing but GREAT reviews for this product. In fact, as long as Sceptre continues to produce televisions of this quality, I am a new and happy customer!Sceptre is an exceptional value!
We purchased this TV for our bedroom to replace an old, giant boat anchor TV. It had been sitting there so long, I forgot how heavy those old tube TV's were!!! We were amazed at the clear, crisp picture and at such a reasonable price!!! Sound was excellent, a breeze to hook up with the auto-program feature using the remote. Extremely pleased!!!Amazed
Not loaded with features, but for the price it is an unbeatable deal! We are extremely satisfied with this tv.An excellent deal!
Plain and simple; it's a great TVGreat value
This set replaces an older Sony Trinitron. I love the way it looks, and because the picture is in letterbox shape, the DVD input now can be read and is not all squeezed together. Also, the setup was supremely easy and even better, I did not need to reprogram the Dish Network remote control since Sceptre uses the same control codes as Sony. It was plug and play for all intents and purposes. Light weight and slim, easy to bring upstairs and easy set up where I wanted it.
Love this unit.Love it.
Fantastic TV, super price for such a performer tv, excellent picture quality, it looks as good as my sons 1500.00 55" Sony, one small issue, my Time Warner Cable remote will not adjust volume unless you click mute first, no big deal i can live with that, price is hard to beat, originally 339.00 when ordered, then Walmart had a "roll Back" to 329.000 i requested adjustment and was granted, then when i was notified that item was ready for pick Walmart had another "roll back" to 319.00 again requested adjustment and it was granted, also purchased an additional 2yr service plan for 35.00. You just can't go wrong with this fantastic TVas good picture as my sons 55" Sony
Although an off-brand name I liked the other reviews I had seen and went ahead and purchased this as a Xmas gift. SO far I am very happy with the picture quality and surprised at the good sound it produces. THe price was amazing and the delivery on time..altogether I am very happy with this product. I especially like that the stand swivels, even though it is a somewhat cheap stand, not heavy metal like another brand but good enough. Plugged in the HDMI cable and the cable box , turned it on and started watching, easy as that.Excellent purchase
I was amazed at the quality, especially for the price. I have a name brand t.v. I paid twice the price and literally I can't see any difference. Only time will tell how long it holds up, for now I'm very impressed.Great T.V.
I use this TV with a basic cable connection (not HD). I did not expect such a good picture. A real improvement over the previous CRT TV. Remote control is simple and easy to use. Only one video input but many HDMI. I will probably have to update my DVD player soon to get an HDMI output.excellent picture
excellant buy. would recommend, only complaint is i have to use both controls, one to turn the tv on and the sattelite one to change channels. not compatible with my provider. but overall beautifull picture. very pleased and happy with my purchase.greatly satisfied
I have this TV for almost a month now and so far so good. No Cons for the price of 40" 1080p TV.Great Product for the price
Good price for this size screen. Nice quality TV.Good size screen.
I bought this 40' Sceptre TV for my bedroom along with the tilting wall mount and new HDMI cables.I hooked a DVD and cable box to it and all I can say is WOW,I love it and now I need to get an HD cable box for my bedroom now to really make it better.Picture with DVD & HDMI hookup is best. Easy hook up,remote is easy to understand. I bought the 3 year warranty from Wal Mart. So for $327. total with 3 year warranty I think this is the best deal out there!!Great Value for a 40"
Very impressed by this product, amazing picture quality for the price. Exceeds my expectations. I was a bit worried that the quality would not be up to par with this brand but it looks much better than the RCA I purchased a month ago. the black is black with no shadowing or shading bright crisp colors. Highly recommended.Great value picture is much better than the RCA
Awesome Tv great picture, great sound, delivery in 4days ,great Tv for video games and HD TvAwesome buy for tv and video games
Purchased for my father. He Loves it!! Equal to my $1200.00 Panasonic, can't believe it was only $300.00Great Buy for the price
I GAVE THIS TV TO SOMEONE AS A CHRISTMAS GIFT....THEY LOVE IT...I HAVE EVEN THOUGHT ABOUT BUYING ANOTHER ONE FOR MYSELF....GREAT TV/PRICE
This is a wonderful new addition to my home. The images are bright and crisp!great tv
I have several LCD TVs and the picture quality is the best.Good value
Bought this as a replacement for my mom after hers was struck by lightening. She only watches tv for a couple of hours at night so she doesn't need one of these new internet, surround sound with lots of bells and whistles tv's. Found this on walmart website after reading and comparing plenty of reviews this seemed to be the best value. She has not been disappointed. Great sound, great pic (by far much better than the RCA she did have-also purchased from walmart) easy to use remote. Only drawback is that upon powering on it takes about 8 seconds for pic and sound but I have the same with my "state of the art" internet tv as well. I would recommend this to anyone who just wants a basic tv and not spend a fortune!Great Value!
A friend of my has a very expensiv one that looks and sounds no better than this Sceptre.
I got it for my elderly parents and I had it opertional in minutes with the easy guide.
It is truly user frendly because my 83 year old mother has no problems using it.
They love it and I am so happy I bought it and the price did not drain my bank account.Looks as great all features user frendly
Love it. It works great. The only thing I may have changed is the placement of the speakers. I think they are at the bottom and they would have been better in the front. It has a swivel stand and that is GREAT for us! LOVE IT!!!! WORTH THE BUY!!!!Love It!
Bought a Home Theater Unit, RCA..can't wait to ho
ok it up..Picture and Sound quality on this TV is
awesome. The sale price of $249.00 was a bonus.
I wanted a 42 inch, but the price difference was
the selling point. I can say we are not disappointed
This replaced our 32 inch Emerson, the picture and
sound are far superior to our Emerson. We love
the ease of changing the picture colors and quality.
Great TV..we are far from disappointed.Great TV..replaced our 32" Emerson of 2 years old
I had great service from Wal-mart from ordering to pick-up. The TV is very good in fact the picture quality than one I paid a lot more for.very good tv and the price was exceptional
This TV was a great value at the price. It has all the features more expensive TV's have. The picture is excellent and I have received many compliments on the TV. I had never heard of the brand name before but everything works just great. This is a good TV for the price!More Bang for the Buck
We are having to use 2 remotes for the TV is the only problemgreat tv for the price
This is my second attempt. The first TV had a blinking problem. Walmart returned and refunded with no problem. I was undecided whether I should try the same one again. But with the price... I decided to give it a try and I am very Happy. So far so good and this was a little cheaper than the first one. The sound is better and the picture is nice and clear... I am very happy with my purchase and the customer service of Walmart.First Flat Screen
This product is amazing!! I read the reviews and wanted to give it a try, it was a terrific value!! The shipping was fast and we got it out of the box. It set up fast and the instructions were easy to follow! I love the picture, it is crisp and even on old shows and movies, it still looks great!! The newer movies are amazing on it too, I love the sound quality as well, there are several different preset settings to choose from or you can create your own!! My husband is a big gamer and his games look amazing on this television too. The picture is bigger than I imagined as well! We sometimes hook our pc up to it as well and it is a breeze. Great deal, I would have even paid more for it! Would recommend!!Excellent Product, Picture, Sound, Quality, AMAZED
This is a great television for the price. The picture quality is beyond expectations.
My suggestion, if you need at Flat screen over 40"s, this is the one for you.Excellent for the cost...
as far as now it has been very good, no complaints at alleasy to install and operate
This is a GREAT TV , I have 4 HDTV's all different brands so I know some stuff about TV's.
I also have a HIGH priced 46" Sony Bravia and this 40" SCEPTRE (a brand I never heard of )
has just as good picture & sound Quality, and it was a lot cheaper (Great Price)

I had it shipped to my house thru Walmart (FREE) and I got it in 3 Days . . .

VERY Nice TV for the Price , I told a friend at work about this TV and he bought one too .
He also is real happy with it !!

I always read the reviews on TV's, some complaints, but sometimes you get a BAD one,
that can happen with ANY TV, even the HIGH PRICED TV's . . .

I think it has GREAT sound , most of the complaints I have read are about the Sound,
Hey just buy a Surround Sound , I have two ! But the sound on this SCEPTRE
does have GOOD sound, maybe the Best of all the TV's I have !!

I LOVE IT *GREAT TV
I believe this to be an exceptional value for the money! Caught it on sale for $278.
Have only had it for a couple of weeks and haven't tried any external devices with it, just TV.
Will try to update later as needed, if this site will allow.

Have looked at a couple of others and the sound on this one is above the average, after adjusting. I personally do not need a sound bar for this one, where I would have needed a sound bar on the others. Not to say a sound bar wouldn't make it better?

I use Over the Air (OTA) digital signal for reception and find all but the SD (standard definition) very acceptable. The SD is viewable but looks a bit washed out, if you will. I believe the tuner is of good quality as it brings in a lot of channels. I am an average of 75 miles away from sending stations and do have signal break up once in awhile. Not the TV's fault.

Remote has quite a few buttons that I doubt I will ever use. It does need to be pointed fairly straight at TV to work. Response is good when pressed.

I set mine up on a small TV stand. It does seem to "wiggle" around if you would bump it, but I don't fear it falling over. Now if I had unmanageable kids it might be a different story.

Lots of connections. You would do yourself justice if you take the model number and do some research on the Net.

It serves my purpose.Not a TV connoisseur, but
I love this television. The picture and sound quality are great. The controls are easy to understand and it's a cinch to set up. I would recommend this to anyone.Great value!
Great price and receive it within 5 days of ordering it, it has great sound, picture and easy set upgreat tv!
Had the tv set up and working within 5 minutes - but for those of you that don't read instructions - make sure that it's room temp before starting! The picture was somewhat dark, but it was easily adjusted to a more acceptable level using the menu screens. If you are very fussy about color and sound, this tv is probably not for you as it's not quite as crisp as our Vizios. However if you are looking for a decent sized flat screen LCD for your bedroom or family room, this budget priced tv is an excellent buy. It has several HDMI and USB ports so games are easily hooked up and it comes with a swivel base which is easily removable to mount unit on the wall (sold separately). Plus, it is very thin. I was skeptical about the unknown brand but I am very pleased. The tv has been used several hours a day for the past month and so far, no problems. I got the DISH Network controller to work the tv by using a Sony code. I hesitated buying this because of some poor reviews, but I have absolutely no regrets.Great value for a second tv
excellent picture and sound quality. Have no regrets about purchasing this TV.great TV for a great price
I got this TV about one month ago. I thought it was a great price for a 40 inch, and I was right. Great picture quality it took me about 5 minutes to set it up. I am quite pleased with my buy I would reccommend it to anyone looking for a quality TVGreat Buy
Absolutely slam dunk setup. I plugged it in.
The picture is good, and has lots of options in format and brightness.
The sound is OK for a sports event or newscast, and it was easy to hook to my stereo for watching movies.
The remote has far more buttons than anyone will ever use, but I set up my cable remote to turn it on and adjust the volume.
I paid $319, no shipping, and was pleased with the 7-day delivery to my store.
For anyone who needs to know, the mounting is 200 x 400 mm.Good Value, Easy Setup
I have 2 of these TV's they are a great value. Works great and has a fine picture. Would be great for budget buyers or kids rooms. I use it in the man cave. I will buy another when I need a 3rd tv
I bought my first TV a year ago for a beach house rental and now this one, a couple weeks agoGreat TV for the value
we were equally pleased with the quick delivery of this product. I ordered online midday on the 22nd of Nov. it was in home (delivered) that next Monday the 26th of November. 2 or 3 days earlier than we expected it to be. We were very pleased.great product for the money......very satusfied
loving it, i put an HDMI cable on it, and it greatly improved the picture! HD is awesome. We have fun with the freeze button, you can freeze the show u are watching, im talking reg TV. Highly recommended!! Love itexcellent!!!
I was a bit hesitant to order a Sceptre TV as I had never heard of this brand. Because of the extremely low price for this 40" LCD HDTV - my husband and I decided to take a chance. This TV has a high quality picture and exceeds our expectations. I would wholeheartedly recommend this TV to anyone.Great picture! Great value.
For the money I couldn't be happier with this tv. It got to my house very quickly and was easy to set up. I have mine hooked to surround sound so the lower sound quality from the tv doesn't matter. I highly recommend this tv for a secondary tv.Great value tv
I gave this as a early Christmas gift and he just loved it !!! the picture is great and a nice sound ! for a very nice TV under 300.00 and a 40 inch WOW !!!!Great product !! Great price!!!!
Great TV! Good quality and easy to use, really impressed!Nice TV!
The only draw back is that it doesnt have wifi, but a really nice tv and easy to setupExcellent and affordable big screen tv.
Great pic in HD and good Tru-Surrond sound options. Many great features inc sleep timer, viewer perferance choices and features. Love it for the pic, sound and the priceGreat HD for cheap
Nice TV for the price. Good Clarity and Sound is awesome!! I am very happyGood Buy
I am very pleased with this TV. It took an evening for me and my husband to hang it on the wall but it can easily be placed on it's stand and it's good to go. Very clear picture, good sound, and I love it!Great Value!
No complaints here, great value for the money.Love it, Love it, Love it!!!
I am extremely happy with this purchase. I did research and compiled a list of criteria that is important to me for an HDTV. Then I spent hours & hours looking for those specifics. This one filled the bill.

I wanted a TV with every kind of connector to be able to connect different devices to do different things, and allow for future additions. This one has them all. I am happy with the quality. I highly recommend the Sceptre 40" Class LCD 1080p 60Hz HDTV, X405BV-FHD3.

Because my finances are extremely limited, I have to shop for the best deal I can find, and I don't stop until I am satisfied I am getting what I want at a price I can afford. And this price is the best deal around! My motto is: Wal-Mart... Why go anywhere else?!Great TV, Great Price
I have owned this for a month. Assembly out of box took 5 min. Powered on, set-up the settings, plugged in cables, another 5 min. Works perfect. My friends who have Vizio's & Sony's & Samsung's like my picture quality on this Sceptre unit better than their own tvs. For those who say the sound quality isn't there...you can't expect earth-rumbling sound from any in tv speaker. They are too small. The sound from this unit is fine, and if you hook-it up correctly to a receiver or suround system it will then rock-the-house. Again this no-name-brand hits it out of the park. You won't be dissapointed. Will it last for the long haul??? Who knows? But at the dollar value, it beats the other manufacturers hands down.Best bang for the buck
No problems sets up easy, works great,FAST SHIPPING BY WALMART.VERY GOOD VALUE
Great product no problems at ll. ship fast, price great, features are awesome.Love it...
Dont even think about spending the extra cash for a known name tv..., I was just amazed at the quality all around ! You do have to make some adjustments to the picture and sound but thats standard with every tv I have ever bought so its to my liking. Best quality for the price plus the swivel on the stand is awesome!!! Very happy !AMAZING AMAZING AMZAZING !!!
My tv died a week ago, so I rush to buy a new one, after i read all the reviews i decided to take my chances, WOW thats my answer the picture is great and sound is good on the normal range for me is kind of loud, I hate loud sounds, tv looks great and it doesnt look chip at all, I play some movies and the pic quality looks better than my mom's samsung, photos look excellent, shipping was super fast not even 2 days, I am not sorry about this purchase, my son refuses to leave my room I will buy another one for his room.can't say anything bad
Great buy, TV, and super fast delivery.Great TV
I bought (and still own) a 22" Sceptre 1080p HDTV a few years ago, and the sound was quite tinny. That was the only concern I had with this purchase, but the sound quality is fantastic! This is a great value and great quality. I highly recommend it!Better than expected!
I love this television. Great clarity. Good quality. I am truly satisfied. I should have bought two at the time.This was a steal.
Got this on a Thanksgiving special for $250. Shipped site-to-store. Means I didn't have to schedule a time to be home for delivery. Great picture and all the features I needed with multiple inputs and easy setup. Only annoyance was that it was insisting on scanning channels during setup, even though I don't have an antenna.Great Product
I am using this as a computer monitor. The blurry text thing was because you have to set the settings to be hdmi for a monitor. The text is great for this big of a tv. There aren't a million options in the screen section and I think I found the right one under an advanced option.

It is not super bright compared to my other tvs and could not find a backlight adjustment. The picture is fine and if it was not sitting next to another tv you would not know about the brightness.Excellent tv for price.
I bought this tv for my man cave, being that I never heard of the brand or expected anything great from it. It surpassed my expectations as far as picture quality goes. I use my own sound so I have no clue what the sound quality is. For only a couple of hundred dollars this is a great deal for 40 inches.Great quality for the price!
I havent used the product yet, its for my hunting camp and won't be using it till spring but after opening the box it seems to have everything and then some and looks great, will provide more information once i get to use it, but you sure cant beat the pricefor a 40in LCD it looks great
Great Price
Great picture
Fantastic sound
I couldn't ask for more...Boy what a great TV!
We bought this TV in November online and had it delivered to the house. Every thing works great, I really like the colors an the picture is very sharp. I would recommend this TV to any one looking for one. Having it delivered to the house was the way to go. No crowded stores and out of the weather. Also delivered the TV before they said it would be here. Very good value for the money..I love this TV
This is a great TV for the price. Picture quality lacks on regular cable, but looks great on digital High Def, DVD, and video games with HDMI. Sound could be better, but for a flat panel its as good as most others out there. The only complaint I have is that somehow the internal clock is too fast to keep the correct time, but I just turned it off so doesnt really matter. Overall, the TV looks great, has a great picture, and is a great price, so it was well worth it......will let you all know if something changes.Great TV for Price
Great TV If we had HD on our TV the picture would look better. Even without HD the picture can be tuned to look really good! Great buy!! We are very happy. Football is SO much bigger:-)great buy!!
I needed a nice big tv for my bedroom and this one was a real bargain! Best buy I could find and have no issues with buying it. Delivered perfect condition 2 days earlier than expected and shipping was free. I did not have it hooked up to HD at first and it was doing some blinking stuff, but as soon as I got it hooked up to DISH HD, it has been perfect. No problems. Love it and very happy I bought it. Best price I could find and have let my friends know about it. Perfect size for my bedroom and am very excited and happy I bought it.Love it!
I read the reviews, and then I made my decision; somehow thinking that some of these comments could be fictitious, and may be written by the manufactures cronies (Nowadays everything is possible) but I got more that I bargain for. Delivery, packaging, fixtures, standard sound and picture are unequaled; only found with the major brands at double the price (and better) Settings were a breeze; I had the the screen up and running in no more than 15 minutes (I had the bracket already) No Drama. I got two years cover insurance, and I am sitting pretty with this great buy! You can't go wrong.Watch this brand claim up in popularity
Very happy with my online Black Friday deal. Price was great! Was worried because I had never heard of the brand name. Worries are gone love my tv.Great no name brand TV
Great tv for a great price. Easy in-store pick up as well.Great deal.
Bought this tv for 250 dollars was extremely impressed in quality of the tv couldn't be happierGreat Value!!!
Pleasently suprised with the quality. Would not hesitate to purchase another Sceptre product in the future.Great deal for the price!
My husband, who is the TV watcher, adores it.Doesn't record is only complaint.
I found a great deal on Walmart.com! This T.V. is really nice. Has all the features of the name brand T.V.'s but not the name brand price. And if I do have any issues I can always take it back. That's what I like about Walmart, they take care of their customers. I'm thinking of buying another one. Also, I did the site to store option which works great for me.Love my new T.V.!!!
The got a 32" LCD of this TV. I was so surprise and impressed with the picture quality that I got another 40".Great TV for the Money
We bought this TV to replace a smaller one in our bedroom and we're glad we did. Now I can enjoy watching TV and not have to wear my glasses. I would recommend it!Great for the price!
Got the bang for my buck and free shipping to home was an added benefitSo far I have not seen a better price than $249
i love this tv...no problems picking up at store...tv arrived ahead of time stated...great bye for price...easy to apply stand....i still can't believe the great price.....great tv for size and price
I purchased this TV for my Shop/Man cave which is large. The picture is great and the sounds is okay but I would like it to be louder. I plan to install a seperate sound system for it so it is really not a problem.Nice TV but sounds is low for my location
easy to set up, good picture and sound quality for the money ($249)great tv for the money
This $250 (sale price) tv is an excellent buy for the money. Very happy with this.Excellent value for the $$$!
The Sceptre 40" LCD is a great value and it looks great. Now I just have to get HI_DEF from my cable company to really enhance the experience.40" tv
Got this for Christmas and it worked fine out of the box and still doing Great.Works Great
I needed help lifting the TV in the box into my car. It fit into the back seat. My neighbor carried it up to my upstairs apartment. I couldn't have done these things without help. So the size is big enough to need help when the TV is in the box. I'm a 60 year old lady and could assemble the stand without help and lift the TV onto the stand when out of the box. Color is vibrant. Sound is good with a sound bar at the bottom of the screen. I don't have cable so the reception is not clear and playing DVD's the picture is still not the clearest, but it could be my player. Since my eyesight isn't so great I am pleased at the 40 inch screen so I can see better! I haven't used all of the features, but it helps to know that there are outlets so that I can hook up gaming (I'm getting a Wii), and also there is a USB when I want to use it. I plan to view pictures but haven't done that yet. For the $$ I spent, I am very happy with this product.Good deal
I had done alot of research on tv's and read many reviews . Before I purchased this Sceptre tv I had bought 2 other brand name tv's.
The first one was a Hitachi 40" lcd, that lasted 2 hours , a big green stripe appearead across the screen, returned that one, not at Walmart , at another brand store.
The second tv I purchased was a Philips 46" lcd, that tv was not too good either, the picture was not that clear, and the sound was poor,so I returned that one also.
We were a bit sceptical on buying a not well known name tv like Sceptre but we read alot of good and bad reviews on this tv, so we gave it a shot.
Wow what a nice tv, we were so surprised on the picture quality and sound that I felt like I got my moneys worth on this tv.
You cant beat Walmart , I ordered this tv on a Sunday, and it was at my door on wednesday morning,like I said you cant beat it.
We love Walmart.Excellent tv
I bought this TV back on 3/8/2012 and it is still running strong, which is a lot longer than I thought considering I have never heard of the brand and how cheap it was! I took the risk and bought, I have it in my bedroom and it is prefect! The picture and sound quality is great, it is on constantly (it has probably been turned off only a hand full of times) and I have had no issues with it at all!Great TV!
This flat screen replaced an older, box-type large TV and presents a much clearer, larger picture.good value, easy to set-up,
the first tv was CRACKED but that was a delivery issue which walmart replaced quickly.
i got a great deal! good quality TV, lots of features to learn at a great price. now i'm thinking of getting a bigger one for the living room since its not going to be as expensive as i thought and its a good QUALITY tv which is important to me. i coupled it with an internet ready blue ray player also from walmart(sony) for $99... i was going to get an "internet ready tv" but my systems administrator computer geek son recommended the internet blue ray-- much cheaper and more features-- he knows best.great buy, great quality
Just what I wanted.Modern and affordable.
WOW!Great TV and price!
I bought this two week ago for my mom for Christmas. We all love it! It was simple to set up and the quality is great! Can't beat the price for a 40" LED! I compared the named brands and loved that this tv has 3 HDMI outlets. Definately recommend this product.LOVE THIS TV!
I am extremely happy with all aspects of my purchase. Thank you.Very Pleased Customer
Haven't had time to rate. Only been watching for one day. However,
everything seems good.Great for the price.
Fits my budget, made a wonderful gift, looks good, sounds good with a clean picture quality...Great picture quality.. T.V meets all expectations
We were also very happy with the speed of deliveryvery affordable
after looking around at different televisions and reading many reviews i decided to go with the Sceptre and i am glad that i did it is a great television with a beautiful picture and sound setting it up took very little time and it even found some channels that my cable provider didn't i hope to be watching this television for a long time to comeAmazing television
THIS WAS THE BEST PRICE ON A 40 INCH TV ON THE INTERNET.. VERY HAPPY WITH THE PRODUCT SO FAR.THIS SEEMS TO BE A GREAT VALUE FOR THE MONEY..
Very pleased with tv. Can see well anywhere in room & have 9' windows where tv is located. Excellent value & just as nice as my expensive Samsung.Great tv for price
nice tv for the price good quality picture sound could b better but add a sound bar and presto no problemgreat inexspensive tv
This is the second television I've owned. My first one was six months old when a lightening strike took it out. I highly recommend the extended warranty-it was replaced for free.
Picture quality is excellent, there are many ports for adding accessories (like headphones, etc.). My ONLY criticism is the volume: sometimes it's harder to hear than at other times, and not so clearly (and no, I don't drink).
I paid less than $300 for the t.v., added the extended warranty and I got just as good of a t.v.as one I'd pay twice the amount for. I don't think you'll be disappointed!I got MORE than I paid for!
So far, so good ! This was a gift for my 85 year old father. We are all very Happy with the purchase. Sound quality is Very Good for such a reasonably priced thin flat screen. Everything from the swiveling base to the remote seems to be substantial and extra good quality. A lot of features remind me of my high end 60" Hitachi plasma especially the nice little screw driver and
name brand alkaline batteries that were included with the Owner's Manual.Excellent Quality and Value
I am going to buy 2 more smaller ones for the bedrooms and a 50" for the family roomReally great tv and really great price!!!
By far the best tv for your money. Not l.e.d or 120+rhz but you would'nt know unless you had one like side by side. Great picture and sound. Playing my new xbox one on it really shows off the picture, just buy it and ship to store if you are thinking about it.I paid 308 with a 3 year warranty for it, and more than worth itits great
Wonderful picture - great value - occasionally volume seems to fade, not sure if it the TV or the signal.Great value for the money
We didn't expect a lot from an lesser known brand but when it came we were very impressed. Great sharp HD picture and many features I wouldn't have expected on a "bargain"tv.Excellent value
I bought this TV to use as a computer monitor and it works fantastically! I would recommend this TV to just about anyone.Excellent TV for the price! Super satisfied
It has real vivid color, sharpness and adequate audio. It comes with 4 screws for the enclosed mount which allows the TV to swivel. I hooked up my computer's 5-speaker system to improve the surround sound. It also works real well with my DISH, old VCR, as well as my converter box for air TV stations. I plan to buy future electronics that can be connected to the 4 HDMI. For the price, I can not beat this deal. The picture is just beautiful. I give it a thumbs up!Very nice flat screen for the price!
GREAT DEALGreat TV
For the price this tv was well worth the money. Nice screen, that comes set on energy saving, but easily changed to a personalized brighter setting, via the menu. Clear picture and nice sound. Better than our Sony that we replaced with this one. Probably will still require a sound system if you like a crisper, theater sound, but good for regular use.
Very lightweight for the size. Impressed.
The connection ports on the back of this, Sceptre are not set flat against the system, but under a ledge, so you can, directly, plug in your electronics without bending and damaging the cords. A really great idea.
The base is set to swivel, smoothly to accommodate watching tv at different angles.
All in all, the best t.v. buy we have made in some time, with lots of programming features. If the company keeps this quality, we'll buy from again.Actually, very well made
Have been in the market to purchase a new tv. So many to choose from. Size, price, app,etc. When I found this on the web site at the price I was sceptical. I don't have cable and use a antenna and set up was a breeze. Picture is great and this is my bed room tv for now so I have the sound on 1 and that is too loud. Love this tv. For the price it is exactly what I need!My first flat screen!
Very nice, less than 20lbs so I had no worries mounting it to my 90 year old plaster wallsVery good TV
Easy to unbox,good directions for setup,easy to setup,terrific picture,good on screen menu.Buy this TV!Great price for a great TV
I have had this TV for 2 weeks now. It's been a pleasure. Everything works great. I hope it last.Great quality for the very low price
Everything you need without the large ticket price! Bought this tv for the man cave/guest room and it fits nicely. The size is perfect and the picture quality is better than I expected from a brand I'd never used. The tv itself is very light and has enough hdmi ports to connect a game system, bluray, and sound bar system. The sound quality isn't bad either. If you want to add a sound bar to increase sound quality, that is definitely an option. Since this is in the guest room, a sound bard wasn't purchased. I would absolutely recommend this tv!Great for the Price!
Great deal.Great deal.
Bought this to replace my parents 32" HDTV that is about 3yrs old.. The picture is MUCH larger and very light and thin.

Well worth it.Good Buy
Was very impressed with the quality of this product for the price. And walmart was very quick on the delivery of the product right to my door.Great product for the price
Picture is very clear. Sound is good. Easy set up. I would recommend this TV to anyone.Great Value for the money.
I was a little worried about ordering this tv because of the reviews but I love it,Love my tv
works well, no complaint so fargreat tv for the price
It got here in great condition and isa great quality buy for the price.great quality for the price
This television has great picture quality and sound both me and my husband was very satified with this purchase. We were skeptical as we hadn't heard of this name brand before but was pleasantly suprised with the quality of the item. I would try other items from this manufacturer.Great Quality for the Price!!
We're hooked up to a cable with HD service. Very satisfied with the picture quality. The delivery, which was free, was also great - the TV arrived in less than 3 days.Excellent TV for the price
This TV is a great deal for under 300.00, it works well, has a great picture, sound could be a little better, but overall can't beat for the value, if you don't mind not having internet and all the other bells and whistles, this is a great buy for a flat screen.I love this TV, Great Value!!
As I was unpacking the product, I was pleased to see they took great care to ensure nothing would be damaged in shipping to anywhere. It just so happens it was to my house. The directions were easy to understand and what little assembly there was everything went together perfectly.

Powering on revealed an easy set-up menu and using the remote is very simple. The picture is very sharp, crisp and clear. The sound coming from the speakers is the only drawback and is a little left to be desired, to overcome this problem simply hook up to a home theatre like I did.

The sound becomes crystal clear and full of life at that point so it is not circuitry but the tiny little speakers they use. The tv features a single stage OTA analog tuner and dual stage OTA and QAM digital tuner which allows reception of over the air broadcast and you can hook up to cable without a digital cable box. The built-in QAM tuner allows you to receive any cable programming the cable company is piping through the system unencrypted for free and free is good. You wont get HGTV, HBO, Fox News and the like but what you will get if unencrypted is basic local service--ABC, NBC, FOX, PBS and CBS and any digital subchannels they broadcast like MeTv, Antenna TV, Bounce, Cozi TV and so on.

All in all a great tv, great price and take the four year warranty not that you will need it but it covers everything from stem to stern upto and including everyday wear and even the remote and we know the remote is bound to get dropped a time or two. Sceptre has been around a while and is an upscale company making signage and tv monitors for corporate america with great quality control and now is offering led tv's to the walmart public and the quality seems to still be there.Great T.V. w/o a big price tag
excellent tv, great pictureGood Deal
This is an exceptional value! Bought this for my parents and they are in awe! Love it!GREAT VALUE!
The tv works very good, no issues. We bought the warranty which is not expensive. We order it on line and we got it sooner than expected. Very good service and great product.Great!!!
I am very pleased with this tv. For the price, it has a very sharp picture, and the sound is very good. One of the best features of this tv is the manual! It is printed on good shiny paper with very clear instructions and pictures. Also, the TV swivels in the stand which is convenient.Great TV!
I wanted a screen that I could use with my Mac Mini, since I use the computer as an entertainment center (music, DVDs, CDs and iTunes videos). The VGA input option was what was needed. I was a bit concerned that the image quality would be a little flat, but that's not the case at all. The color and detail are rich and deep. All round, this is an excellent product and would be a good value at twice the price.Met or exceeded my expectations!
This is our second t.v. of this brand. We knew what to expect, and were not disappointed. It was ordered online, and arrived several days earlier than predicted. It is good quality for the price.40" Sceptre
We bought two of these - one for our bedroom and one for our sons bedroom! Couldn't be happier - great picture - make sure you connect and buy the HDMI wire - much better picture! We recommend this product.Great buy!
The picture is fantastic. The color and contrast are phenomenal. The sound quality is so pure and it sounds like you are actually in a theater. This product definitely met my expectations. I highly recommend this kind of product to anyone in need of a new TV.Wonderful TV for a person who enjoys movies.
This Tv is such a great deal the price is unbelievable I cant believe it. I purchased it and it arrived quickly. The tv is amazing and has so many ports. Its very light weight and is packaged safely in the box it comes in.Best Tv I have ever purchased!!!!
excellent tv, use it for both tv via satbox w/hd and as pc monitor. You will have to fiddle with all the picture settings for computer screen usage besides adjusting graphic/video settings within your operating system. I had to adjust brightness n contrast and color temp for tv screen usage and you will have to adjust your sound. I recommend you _not_ use the 'no power' and 'no operations' auto off features and also under sound turn off 'AVL'. AVL is what most of the grief with sound people are having. My only complaint is the screen could be a bit brighter overall, i am assuming its the back-lighting level. Best bang for my buck on a LCD (1080) screen 32 inches or over.Excellent
Great TV for a much lower price than competitorsGreat TV for great price
I bought this TV after returning a broken TV that was ordered from K-Mart.com, and so far I am very satisfied with this TV.Great TV at a great price!
very good tv and delivery was quicksceptre tv
The picture is much better than expected and I haven't hooked up a new Comcast cable box yet, The sound is wonderful without a sound bar. I wish I knew that I would have to upgrade my cable box, dvd player, and get a sound bar. This flat screen replaces a very old big box TV. I know this brand is not well known, but I know I made a good decision to buy it. I read many reviews, but the ones I paid attention to are the ones written most recently. I didn't install it, my wonderful son did that for me and without reading the manual.I am very satisfied with this TV
Just had it for a week; very good performance so far.Excellent TV for a rec room or a sun room.
The price was right ,the color is pretty good the sound works. We got this as a second TV for the bedroom and it does the trick.Nice addition
We purchased the TV on Cyber Monday and so far we are extremely pleased. We've got the HD going so there is an awesome picture. I would purchase a Sceptre TV again!!Great TV so far
GREAT tv for the price. I got it on cyber monday for under $269. It shipped free to my house faster than it was available for store pickup. Everything was in the box, undamaged. Great tv, with 3 hdmi's, vga, and component. The sound is a little tinny once you get up to 3/4 volume, but I bought it for the kids to play xbox, wii in the basement, so I wasn't looking for theater quality sound. The remote isn't as fancy as a high dollar tv, but I use my cable remote on it anyway. Picture is GREAT, 1080p. Nothing compares to it in this price range. As long as you're not a diehard audiophile, this tv is perfect for the price.Great picture/average sound quality.
I looked at several 40 inch models before choosing this one and after reading the reviews made my purchase and could not be happier. I highly recommend the SCEPTRE brand.Very well satisfied
We are very happy with this tv and the price was great! Easy order and pick up.Very happy !!!!!!!!
I've ordered this brand before and have been really happy. I needed a bigger screen for the basement to watch football games. Worked out well. I can see the TV from across the room. Easy set up, great picture, light weight...............perfect!Great Price for a 40"
Have only had this TV for a few days and my daughter already loves it! I was surprised at how good this TV is for the price paid. I woudl definitely recommend this to anyone looking for an additional TVSo Far So Good!
Great tv for a great price!!!!Super TV
This is the third flat screen I have purchased from Walmart! I would definitely purchase again! I was really happy to get my purchase so fast!Excellent Flat Screen!
just a great deal for a low priced flat screengreat deal
only used for Wii so far - looks good. Places to plug stuff in is in an akward spot and hard to work with - that is the only drawback so far.good clear pic,
I went into this not expecting too much, but was impressed by the reviews so I gave it a try. It performs way beyond my expectations. The quality of the picture is incredible and the sound wasn't bad either. We are using it in our exercise room for the Wii game. It is very sleek and looks great on the wall. Setting it up was a breeze. All in all this is a great product. Almost too good to be true. I'd certainly recommend it and would purchase another from this manufacturer.What a deal!!
I really am impressed with the picture quality and color of this television. As a matter of fact--i liked it so well i ordered me another one 32inch for my bedroom. I spent a lot of hours looking and researching before i made my purchase of the scepter and i don't think you'll find a better model anywhere. I highly recommend this television.I really love my 40 inch scepter television.
Very happy with the TV. It is being used at our lake home and was ready to go right out of the box. Shipping was MUCH faster than promised as well.Just the TV we needed
Really good deal. TV works and looks great. 40" HDTV for three-hundred sounded too good to be true. Totally worth it. I figured that if it wasn't good or if it broke I would just return it since walmart is always good on returns. I got the three year warranty with it also. I've had this tv for a month and I am happy with it.Great Value
I read a lot of reviews before purchasing this product, but decided that the worst thing that could happen is the the bad reviews were true and then I would have to return it. So far, no issues. The volume does not jump up and down and the color does not look funny. In fact, compared to two other brand name flat tvs we have in the house, this one has far better volume. For the others we had to hook up independent speakers, but this one seems just fine how it is in a medium sized room. I wasn't looking for bells and whistles, just something that performed well in the family room. There are a lot of hook ups and set up was easy. To answer someone's questions - yes, you can wall mount it. When you get it the stand is not attached, so you just don't attach it and it has the set up on the back for standard wall mounting. It is also really light compared to many other tv's its size, so you could probably get away with a stand designed for a 30inch set as the back configuration is the same. So, my only issue so far is that the remote is really cheapo and not as responsive as I would like, but when we get the cable properly hooked up, we'll just use that remote and probably never use the one that came with the tv again. Considering how reasonable the cost was, I'd say this is no big deal. Really, my only disappointment is that we purchased in in site-to-store and that process was a drag.Great value for midline product
Nice packaging. Excellent picture quality. I did'nt have to make
any adjustments.Great HDTV For The Money
The package came well packed so when it was shipped was very secure..... very easy to set up and easy to install the stand .... I've been very impressed with the sound quality of such a inexpensive TV ..... We paired it with an internet ready blu-ray player so now it meets all my expectations .... couldn't ask for a better TV for the pricegreat value ...... great picture
Great tvtv
I knew this brand from using computer monitors. The TV far exceeds the picture quality I expected. Great buy!Excellent TV
Bought this tv for our den and picked it mostly because of the price. It was easy to set up and I was pleasantly surprised with the picture and sound quality. I ordered it on line and arrived without any damage from the shipping company.Nice tv for the money
Good picture, sound, and lightweight. I put it in my weight room.Good picture Good sound
We are really happy with this TV! Great picture and price! Looks great in our living room!Great TV for the price!
Very happy with this.Great deal for the money, speakers are fair.
TV with more than I expectedAwesome
Easy to install and ready within 10 minutes and no longer!sceptre 40 inch screen
Has all the features I want, which exactly matches the website description.Excellent product!
I really like this tv. The price online was better than the stores. The sound and picture quality are great!my new tv
This TV is the best purchase I have made this year. My husband loves it too. The picture is very clear and the sound is perfect. It was very affordable and fits in perfectly with the rest of my apartment. The TV remote is simple enough for me to use and it did not take long to master the HDMI connections. Besides watching movies, I use the TV to view whatever I may be looking at on my laptop.40 inch
Shipping was super quick. Baught this as a gift and my Dad loves it!Easy set up
Very clear picture...great sound!!Great buy!!
Arrived fast. Excellent tv.Superfast shipping!
This TV is a great value. The only thing I would say that could be a negative aspect is that the picture quality isn't as sharp as other TV brands I have such as Sony and Emerson. This only applies to regular channels as HD channels still come in very sharp.Great tv for the price
Loving my new television.Amazing!
great product for the money. good picture,easy hook upgood product
This product is a fine product except for the sound system. I corrected it with an amplifier-speaker system and this added the sound depth that was originally weak.

The other features are excellent!Great TV Bargain!
This TV is great. It was a great value. The picture quality is good. I am very pleased with this purchase.Very Satisfied
This tv has a nice picture on HD cristal crear yes i am happyGreat TV set for the price
Excellent productWonderful
The overall quality of this TV is surprisingly good. I read the reviews and decided I would get one. It has not disappointed. My only gripe would be that the codes that Directv has for the Sceptre do not work except to mute or un-mute the sound. I cannot control the volume with the Directv receiver. But overall, it's a great TV for the price.Great value for the price
Have had it for about a week and I am very happy so far.
The color is very good. The size is just right.
I hesitated on buying this because its not a name brand
but with over 1000 reviews and it had a four star rating I took a shot
and the price was unbelievable. So don't let the brand stop you, it exceeds
expectation for the price.Great Tv
i love the tv, except for one thing it can be on playing, then music will play the sound will blast out and about burst your eardrums, other than that it works great. is there any way to fix the sound on the tv ?good price
I MYSELF ENJOY MY NEW TV. THE SCEPTRE IT HAVE A GREAT PICTURE VIEW THE SOUND QUAILTY IS GREAT IT MEET ALL THE EXPECTATIONS OF SOUND PICTURE AND FEATURE.it a great tv, and the right size for me love it
Bought this TV as a birthday gift for my son. He already had this brand in the bedroom and was very pleased with it. He loves his new Tv which resides in his game room over the bar. Just in time for remainder of the football season.Birthday Gift
First of all let me say if you are looking for a Samsung quality picture you will not find it with the Sceptre. Saying that though the picture is actually fairly good. It takes some time adjusting the picture but when it is set to your liking it really is great. The sound is not as awful as some people make it seem. Actually, the sound quality is way better than my Samsung tv. I highly recommend this tv. For the price you are paying it really is a steal. I have so many other things I need to spend my money on and a tv really is not a necessity...especially not a 40''! But my lovely husband and children wanted a bigger tv. This one works for my family and our budget.Great Value!
Great value, brought for my bedroom was very happy with appearance of tv and picture quality although I am not that impressed with the sound. Overall great buy great price! Would recommend.Great price!!!
Bought this for college student`s apt..good choice for the pricecollege apt
Great value!!!!!I love this television. I love the stereo sound.
If you are budget shopping for a TV this is an excellent deal. Very easy set up and has good picture quality. I researched for several weeks and could have spent much more but with so many positive reviews, I decided over 1200 people couldn't all be wrong. Very satisfied with this purchase. Was delivered in under 48 hrs from placing the order online. That was a very pleasant surprise and excellent customer service.Great Value for the Price
Unbelievably light, Mounts easily to the wall with a standard mount, connects with a chromecast adapter via usb and hdmi, connected to a laptop through hdmi2, and hi def cable on hdmi 3, switches easily back and forth and the picture quality is outstanding from every angle. Sounds great too.I now own two with plans to purchase another
I've had this TV for over a year now and I'm very pleased with this purchase and have had no issues with it. I use this as my main tv. The picture quality and sound are great. Actually has better picture than my over priced brand name tv. When I have people visiting they always comment on the quality and then are very surprised it's not a brand name. Before I purchased this tv I looked at various other brands in the stores and read reviews for hours. After reading the reviews I decided to give it a try, little skeptical because I had never heard of this brand and thought because it was so reasonably priced I'd be disappointed but I would highly recommend this tv.Great TV
i have 2 of these tvs terrific valuegreat tv great price
Excellent product and price!5 STARS
This tv was easy to set up---even came with a screwdriver for the stand. Took 5 min to put screws in stand and hook up. Good quality sound. Outstanding picture quality. Price was better than Black Friday prices in our store. Site to store is so convenient to use. Walmart.com has products that often are not available at the physical store. Shipping is always quick and easy to pick up.Great tv
I love this TV! You can't beat the price either. But aside from that, it was really easy to set up, the picture looks great and I know some people complain about the sound but the sound is fine--and if you don't like it, hook some speakers up to it and quit complaining. :) Really, if you get this TV, you will not go wrong. I can't wait to get the cable to hook it up to my Toshiba notebook, so I can have a giant screen. Thumbs up, all around!Great TV!
WOW!!!!! what a great tv for the money. we have been wanting a bigger television forever but we never thought we could afford one. we think you cannot go wrong with this even if you are not on a budget. you can pay alot more but why? very easy to set up and it comes with the hd cables and batteries for the remote.love it!!!!!!can't go wrong for the money
I like it, Very useful with nice pictureExcellent TV
WHAT CAN I SAY: PROS- EXCELLENT ALL THE WAY AROUND, CONS: TV SOUND VERY GOOD AND IMPROVED WITH VIZIO SOUND BAR.SUPERSTAR TV, PRICE, DELIVERY!
The tv met all my expectations for the price. The picture is great, when compared to the other brands this tv holds its own. This is not a smart tv but the features make it versatile.The price is right
We bought the TV and matching sound bar. TV has a great picture and the controls are friendly. The sound bar contributes to the overall experience. Can't go wrong at this price. Used Walmart's site-to-store with no problems.Nice TV for the price
Couldn't have asked for anything better for the price. This T.V has one of the clearest pictures I've ever seen. A+A+A+Awesome T.V for the $$$
Would recommend this to anyone.Great price, greta TV
For the price and quality of the picture, this was an excellent buy.Price
The picture is very crisp and clear. The sound is good. I hooked up my surround sound and it is excellent. The features of the TV are very good and it was very easy to setup. The price of the TV is very good and well worth it. I am very satisfied with the quality of the TV. Excellent buy for the price.Excellent 40" LCD TV for the price
I like this 40 inch tv bc it's has led quality and cheap so when I played my ps4 on it it gives very good picture.Great tv
I like it a lit.Great for the miney
Great TV for any price, but the price makes it even betterGreat TV
I am very pleased with this TV. Bought it home hooked it up and had a great picture immediately. I switched out my cable box for an HD box and the picture is crystal clear and the colors are great. I would not hesitate recommending this TV to friends.Great TV for the price.
The picture quality is excellent and the set up couldn't be easier. It do takes a bit of fiddling with the user settings for Sound and equalizer to get the sound quality to acceptable levels, but it delivers exactly what you would expect. This is the second of the same size and model that I bought.Great TV for the money
Shipping to store was quick ang product was there on time. Great tv for the money.Great product
Tis item has brought me great joyBEAUTIFUL PICTURE
This was great right out of the box. Setup was easy, they even included a nice screwdriver to attach the base. No flaws or problems and as for others complaining about the sound they must be spoiled as although it not like being in a theater it sound is very good.Best for the money
Great for the price love itlove the quality
for the price it is greatgrate value for tv
I absolutely love this television! I bought this television for my room and it's perfect. I love the picture quality and how there are three hdmi ports. Only small complaint is the sound isn't the best quality but honestly it's still decent and loud. Overall, I would recommend this television!Love my TV!
I'm very pleased with the picture on this TV but audio when playing movies is terrible! I hope the Sceptre soundbar I just ordered will help. The picture quality is as good as my Visio 42" which was about twice the cost. I'm sold on the Sceptre brand.Fantastic value!
Nice TV for what we needed, something for us to hook our video game systems up to. Nice picture and was easy to put on a wall mount. By the way, the screws needed for the back wall mounts are 5mm. The wall mount we purchased had 4mm and 6mm. Great price too!Great for our family
Grea tlove it
Very good for the price, good picture quality, good sound ..remote control very manageable and easy to use. Tv out of the box is simple to ensemble and setup is also easyGood and cheap
really love thisreally love this
I was hesitant at first about buying a no name flatscreen tv until i did my research. I previously had an old tube television by the name of "ilo" I just gave it away, it still works perfectly fine. I won't over pay for a tv ever again. Especially keeping in mind that there are only so many factories/companies in the world that make all the electronics.Excellent tv for the price
For $259 bucks this is one SaWHEET deal on a 40" flat screen tv!
I have other Sceptre video monitors that have provided robust service for many years so I felt confident in selecting the brand again.
The most important feature of any tv is the picture, and this one provides a very rich, sharp, detailed one. Sound from the built-in speakers is as expected. The four HDMI inputs are nice since almost everything these days that goes to a TV is coming with an HDMI cable.
The remote is clear and easy to understand and performs as expected.
I have this tv dedicated to an Xbox One and Amazon Fire stick and it's easy to jump between inputs.
I would highly recommend this tv to anyone.It's Hard to be Critical
Picture quality and sound is perfect so far. Gave it to my son for Christmas, he's stoked.Sweet so far
We were told the shipment was due to be delivered during a specific couple of days. We wouldn't be back to the house until 2 days before that. Imagine our surprise when we arrivewd home and found the item waiting for us at the back door exposed to all the elements and anyone who isn't honest. Thankfully it hadn't rained and wasn't a temprtation to anyone with questionable integrety.. Super early delivery time usually would have been great just not this time.

Great product and super value for the money.`Shipped too soon.
Fiinally upgraded to a LCD and very satisfied with purchase. Clear instructions, easy to set up and program.Great LCD for a good price
I loved it! Low heat compared to the previous 40'.Excellent TV
It's pretty good but not one I'd suggest for gamers, this is one for just movies and hanging out. The HD quality is really good for the price and the sound isn't too bad. I've heard a few people complain about the sound but honestly I didn't detect anything substandard about it. The only bad thing is it takes a few seconds to come on, but lets be honest 95% of the new tv's coming out these days takes a few to come on.Not a bad flatscreen for a bedroom.
Item shipped very quickly, It's my second Sceptre. I bought one for the guest room a year ago and couldn't pass up another 40 inch for the price, it's making a great garage TV.Great TV for the price
Good size for the price and it has an excellent picture quality. It's my second Septre purchase and I am not disappointed with it.Great value
I brought this tv for my 9 year old daughters room. Great picture Great sound and east set up.Great T.V. great price
Honestly I have hardly used it but I haven't had any problems at all with it.Great TV
Have several different makes of 40 in tvs and this displays as well or better than ones costing twice as much.Fantastic TV
Great TV @ a great priceGreat TV @ a great price
it is more then what i hoped forgreat led tv
I was a little hesitant to buy this tv at first, but the price was something I could afford, and I'm glad I bought it. Nice clear bright picture. The sound could be a little better, sometimes I have trouble hearing the voices, it seems like the background noise is louder than the voices. But all in all for the price it's a really good value.All in all a really good value for the money.
Really nice image.. Real HD TV... And the best part is that it is really light... You can carry it easy by yourself...40" sceptre TV
Very good,but only had it a short time .Only time will tellVery good so far ask again in a year or so
This is our first flat screen TV! I like the brushed finish - no harsh reflections of light. The size is perfect. So far so good. The sound is good as well. We are musicians, so sound is important to us - it's very good.Great TV!
I am very pleased with my purchase. I have had a few Sceptre monitors over the years and always been pleased with the quality. I am a computer tech and Sceptre was one of the original leaders is LCD screens back when they 1st came out. I use it as a monitor for my office PC. I measured the space I had available, checked the specs, then went for it. It was about $250 with free ground shipping. It arrived almost a week before it was expected! It is light & thin enough to hand on my wall (like a painting). I have mounted many TVs correctly, but preferred to re-use the screws I hung my previous 28" from. I found the HDMI image more vivid than the VGA (DB15) connection, but both are crisp and offer full 1080p. It has all the ports & connections you would want, so why not go for it?Beautiful Picture, Great Price!
So far so good! I'm enjoying my tv and the best part is when anyone ask the price, I tell them. The price was right. The sound is not that bad unless you are looking for really hi tech tv (cost way more) you would have a prob but other than that it's great so far.Decent product for the price you pay
This is a great TV. The price was great, the picture, ease of installation and operation is excellent. I don't watch a lot of day-time TV, only at night, therefore the picture is perfect and there are several setting you can select for your comfort. The sound is not all that great but can be over looked for the other high qualities. All around good purchase. Wal-Mart delivered on time and I have no complaints. Love Wal-Mart too.Great TV for the price
I would definitely recommend this television to a friend. It's a nice size! It also sounds as if there is surround sound included, however; it's taking me a little time to get the picture color adjusted to the way I like it but it's still perfect!!Not bad for the price!
I had bought the same tv just about a year ago and it is working just like I just bought it yesterday, so my brother wanted one. He got his about a week ago and he just loves it so far. I love the fact that it has 3 hdmi ports an plenty of other ports to plug in all of my electronic appliances. I am probably going to buy another one for my room. Thank You. Greg R.great tv for the price
I bought this for my sister-in-law, she was watching a 20" tv (gave me a headache). So I bought the SCEPTRE FHDR 40" LED for her, this a great television. The picture is very sharp and the sound is great. It also swivels 30 degrees left and right (which is really nice). All I had to do is plug it in and hit search and start watching television. Great tv and the price was real good too.Great tv
No problem seeing the picture. Very pleased. Came quickly when ordered.my 80 year old Mother loves the.TV.
Great TV for the money.Great TV
For the money this is a great value.Great TV
Awesome!!tv
After being yet another Samsung customer whose television stopped working just after warranty, I'd been wanting to find another set for a while. Then I happened upon this little gem and after reading the reviews, decided to give it a shot. So far we've not been disappointed. For a tv under 300 bucks, you'll be surprised how great a picture and sound quality it has. I went ahead and bought the 3 year protection plan... since $28.00 is cheap. If I get 3 years out of this thing, I figure I can't complain. My Samsung was over three times the price and didn't make it that long.Excellent tv and great price
This LED TV made an excellent replacement for the old tube tv I had in my garage!Super clear picture
Great TV. I got it for my bedroom so I could read the stuff on the screen without my glasses. Nice clear picture, vivid colors and actually pretty good sound for a flat TV. I guess it's a Sony product since it uses a Sony code to program the remote. I would purchase it again. Good value and I LOVE free home delivery.Love it!!
Great tv for the price. The only negative aspect of the tv is the sound quality. It is hollow sounding.Great TV for a great price
very happy with purchase. Ease of setting up, setting up directv remote not an issue. very happy with purchase, look of unit and performance.great buy
If you are not brand conscious and want a quality product then you can go for it.
Built quality is not the best but its good enough. Picture quality is same as branded one.
For <300$ this is value for money.Value for Money
We have had this TV for 2 months and it has done great. Picture is good and the sound is fine for me (we have a small living room). I am planning on buying a smaller one for the bedroom.Great TV
Great picture and value for the money1ST HD
Great LED tvGreat tv
Not sure why there are a lot of bad reviews on the sound and color of this TV.
I am thinking people were just messing with the settings and messed it all up. I got mine on sale and right out of the box it looked great and sounded great!

They are 10w speakers so you cannot expect theater quality sound. I think the sound was great on about 6-8 volume setting. Sure anything set louder will distort the sound, but that is expected with any set of speakers. I say if you want hi-fidelity sound, buy a surround sound system to add to this.

I did not have to adjust anything when I took it out of the box. My cable is great on it, along with my Xbox! It feels great watching and playing games on a larger TV.

I do suggest buying the extended plan for 28.00! It would be worth it in the long run!Great HDTV for the price
I purchased this to replace a 27 tube TV for my mother-in-law and I helped her cut the cable. We are using a indoor antenna for local HD TV. The set was easy and and the remote was to explain to she. With the Hz only being 60 I was a worried about the refresh rate but it was not an issues.

Overall this is a no thrills awesome value. You are not paying for a bunch of features that you will not use.Great value
I LOVE MY SCEPTRE FLAT SCREEN TV.WONDERFUL PRODUCT
I have been looking and thinking about this tv for a while and finally when the price was where I wanted I figured I should go on and purchase plus I read the reviews and everyone that owned it was really impressed with so now u can add me to that list I ordered on a Tuesday got it on Wednesday in perfect condition.Been in the market for an affordable "40 tv.
My husband got a new game shortly before the tv. He wasn't sure about the game. After we got the TV, he likes the game so much better. The picture is clearer. He can spot incentives better. He is in love.best price for product
for 229.00 can't be beatcheep tv
I bought this TV because I wanted a TV in my shop to watch "how to" videos, I was surprised for the price the quality of the picture and the fact it came 3 HDMI inputs, which if you haven't notice in absent in many name brand name TV's. I love it and I happy with my purchase. It isn't perfect, but it is a great value for the money and for that reason alone I think it worth what I paid I would recommend it.Better then expected.
Although every time I change the station, the channel has a different volume. loud low or o.k. Hum?A bargain
It's been a while since I set up a TV, but in this case it was mostly all automatic if you didn't want to "Personalize" it to much and for that I was grateful. In fact all of the instructions were very clear and easily understood, unlike a lot of instruction sheets witch seem to be written in some language other than English

Anyway, after getting it mounted on the wall and making all the connections to the real world, I sat on a chair in front of it with the remote in my hand and just clicked "yes" or "no" as the options came up. The process took about ten minutes.Great Price on a Quality 40" TV
This was my second order from Walmart.com and again the package came just after a week. Which, considering the size of the products I've ordered and that the shipping was free both times is pretty darn good. The TV looks good and actually has great sound unlike the reviews from other buyers would suggest. I just had to make a custom sound setting which was no big deal at all. It was easy to put together the base, and is also ready to be wall mounted (mount would be separate). The only thing that was hard to find was the remote codes. It wasn't until I made it to the trouble shooting area of the guide that I discovered that Sceptre shares the same TV codes as Sony.Great budget TV
Very satisfied with my tv,and ect. Love shopping at Walmartstv
Awesome TV. Great picture. We purchased a soundbar for it and it works great! Very pleased. We bought a second TV for the family room. A+++++Sceptre 40" HDTV
This was a tv for the kids to play video games on so I didn't want to spend a ton of money on it. I am surprised at how clear the picture is for the price! Video games, cable, DVDs all look great on this very affordable tv!Surprisingly affordable for such an amazing pictur
...But this TV is working great so far! Easy to set up.

The only thing I would change is the placement of the channel and volume control. It's opposite other TV remotes and my fingers get all kinds of confused! Every time I go to change a channel, the sounds gets louder and louder. :PA Dingo Ate My Homework
Very good brand.very good grand
great tv so far! only have had for a few winks, but is outstanding so far!fantastic value!
looks good picture, sound all we expectedso far so good
I purchased this television in which I am totally pleased with. It was placed in my bedroom and provides a great picture with good sound. The color picture is fantastic and realistic.

The very 1st thing I did before plugging into my power strip with surge protector is to place a Phillips single surge protector on the end of the cord. This may sound like overkill, but my power company shares the same thoughts.

For an extra 6 or 7 dollars it is worth the investment and Walmart carries these.

I am looking forward to the purchase of a larger screen for the living room and will stick with this product.

The price is too good to pass on.Great Product
Great for a spare set for the office or bedroom. For the Money you can't beat it.For the Money you can't beat it.
Complete features as that of a much more expensive ones.Great TV for a great price!
I have 5 Sceptre TV's. Very good TV's. Price of this one was great.Sceptre TV
We bought this TV as part of a bundle package that came with the XBOX for Christmas. Even though it was pretty cheap and a brand I'm not familiar with, we have zero regrets.Great deal for the cost!
Great item for the price.Great TV
Easy to set up, and has all the features of a basic flat panel TV at a very good price.I bought two!
This tv was much better than expected Good picture and sound. Can't beat it for the priceGreat tv for the price
I bought this for my Aunt and had it shipped to her local store in Missouri. SITE TO STORE is a great option.. I have not seen this tv personally,, but she called me crying happy and says it's a nice tv and works great. SO Its a keeper. The price was affordable for me to make the purchase. I recommend it as a gift or upgrade.My Aunts FIRST Flat Screen.
Tons of inputs and excellent picture quality.
I bought one three years back years ago though it was LCD but it still works like new.
This one is LED and is very light the picture quailty is just amazing.
My daughter use this TV in her Bedroon for Netflix and she's so happy with this tv.Way better than big name brands
Very high quality picture right out of the box. Great price! Great size. I do notice some motion lag but not enough to return the set.Great tv
Overall the TV has "GREAT" rate for all especially, Sound Quality and Picture Quality.

The TV also has great reception (with no interruptions with the antenna).

I gave Features a "GOOD" rating only because I am not sure if this will be a problem in the future, if I can find my remote, but switching from TV to AV in order to play video games, or match movies may be an issue unless I haven't found the manual shot cut for switch between the two yet.Great and Valuable (TV) purchase
So happy I ordered this TV. Had it delivered right to the house, no charge..It was easy to set up to the cable. The colors are sooooooooooo vivid it's fabulous..Love the super thin screen it also swivels an has Roku ability, so cool.Soooooooooooooo Happy
I was very pleased with this TV as well as the service from Walmart.com. It arrived quickly and contained both the TV and the HDMI cable I ordered. The price was amazing and I will be purchasing again from Walmart.com!Excellent TV for the price.
Will buy this TV over and over again.Great
I loved the product for the price i paid.Great product for the price
awesome, great picture Love itawesome television
My Sceptre Televsion, was an exceptional choose.The product I received, was a great vaule.
I like the tv good quality good sound great features including parental controlsGreat tv
Wonderful. Can see every little detail. Makes me feel as if I were in the screen.Exceptional quality for the price.
AMAZINGLY GREAT PICTURE, SOUND IS FANTASTIC MAKES ME FEEL LIKE I AM IN THE MOVIE THEATERGREAT TELEVISION ESPECIALLY FOR THE PRICE
Excellent experience.excellent
TV is overall great, would get another one or a bigger one without any questions!
Keep up the good work Sceptre!Great TV for the price!
this tv has a beautiful picture. i haven't figured out all its functions yet but i will get there.my flat screen
i love this set. it was nicely priced, and looks beautiful in my home, i love the features and was easy to operate and had excellent featuresgreat product for the price
Great pic and easy hookupGREAT BANG FOR THE BUCK
The only bad thing i can think of about this purchase was the shipping. It came quick, within two days but since i wasn't there to sign for it i had to go pick it up from Fedex. No big deal though. Great price and TV. I have had my other Sceptre LCD TV for at least 7 years now and still works just fine. Hopefully this one still will too.Great Price, Just what I expected
Flat screen TV at a good price. The man who hooked up my TV to the satellite told me that he had owned this brand for three years.Nice picture on a modern flat screen
Well i have only been enjoying this product for 1 week and so far i love it. Being that my older model 32in tv was so out dated i wasn't sure i would be able to figure this out, but it was a super easy setup. One HDMI cable and wall plug and then you use your remote for the settings and done!! I was so pleased!!!!!my Sceptre tv
I like this tv because it is the first one I have purchasedthis is a great tv
Sound and Picture are excellent.
So glad we got this new TV.
Initial trouble with cable, not TV and technicians were prompt, courteous, and correct!very pleased!
Great tv. This is the second one that I purchase but this time it's more slim and better qualityGreat tv
I bought this HDTV for a week and a half now. So far there are no problems with this television. I am satisfied with what I received especially because of its low cost.Very nice HDTV
great picture ,great sound...overall great tv !!spectre tv
Great TV - 1080p and 40", amazing price. Graphics are great for gaming. Easy to set up.Great graphics for gaming
Picture is awesome but sound is not. If base is too high there is a lot of distortion. With some adjusting you can get it acceptable.

Just can't beat the price and value of this deal.Value
For the price love itbest ever
Had to buy another television and came across this one. While never hearing of the brand, it got great reviews. I've only had it a few weeks but happy so far with it. Accidentally picked the free ship to home option and was worried about it taking a long time to arrive. It actually ended up arriving at my house only two days after purchasing it.Great Tv at a Low Price
Great picture and light weight. Not as heavy as old flat screen we had for last 10 years.great tv
Picture is sharp. It works perfectly with computer --I mean the edges of the computer screen are not cutoff like other TV . MHL port works perfectly with my ROKU.Completely satisfy
Picture is top quality, all devices connected easily. Good buy.great set
I can't say enough about how wonderful the picture is so I'm just going to stop at 5 stars. No matter what settings you choose for the sound, it leaves a lot to be desired. You can always add speakers if you want. All in all though, I recommend the TV for the great price, picture and many features.very nice TV with a little needed for sound
We thought we would hold onto the box in case we were not satisfied. But this has been a great tv. picture and sound are good. Very fast delivery.Great product for the money!
I am so pleased with this Sceptre 40" tv, perfect size for our bedroom and beautiful colors, great sound...so glad I checked Walmart.com before traveling to all the stores to find this tv. It was a terrific price and super fast free delivery!Wonderful LED 40" TV
Love everthing about televisionsceptre is the best
I have purchased two of these T V's in the last three years and they are great. Sharp picture and sound is fine.This is second
I read a lot of reviews of different HD TVs, but one of the cheapest, the Sceptre, kept getting really good reviews. Being retired and without a lot of discretionary funds, I took a chance and bought the X405BV.

I'm on an antenna, but the reception, picture, sound, and ease of use, is all excellent.! I am 100% happy with my purchase!

I do have one suggestion, though. The instructions for connecting add-on equipment, like a video recorder/CD player is non existent. Not being a techie, I still haven't figured out how to connect other devices and use them.SCEPTRE X405BV-FHDR 40" LED Class 1080P HDTV
Great picture, no speakers needed. Love it.fabulous
Our family could not be happier with all aspects of our new TV. What a deal!!
It arrived much sooner then we expected and what a nice surprise.
The clarity is incredible and the monitor size is a nice change for us.Could not be happier
i am wery hapy wit h that tvgreat tv
This is my 3rd purchase of a Sceptre product and I would buy them all over again.

This TVs primary use is for a computer monitor in my bedroom, but I also use it with my Xbox, FireTV and Blu-Ray player. Works great with each device and the picture is much better than the TV it replaced. I use it every day.

My only thought against is the same as you will find with almost any LED TV these days and that is the sound. I don't expect a TV this thin to have great sound so I use a surround system with it. Problem solved.Very nice for TV and Monitor
First off it arrived 2 days sooner than expected. Arrived 3 days after ordered, impressive. Very light and great picture. For a TV on the bottom of the cost scale it compares to those towards the top.Can't beat the price
It worked easy and great picture screen, just like a movie theater!!!Creative TV!!!
Great tv great price. I brought 2 of themAwesome
I purchased 2- 40' TV's Only had them set up for 5 days. So far both are working fine. Picture is very clear and set up was a snap. Hopefully they will continue to work for many years to come.I would reccomend
I am very happy with the Sceptre tv set. The picture is great. Price was very good.Great bargain television
Very happy with this TV. Very nice picture. Sound could be a little better, but that what sound bars and surround sound systems are for. Happy with my purchase!Great TV and Great price
Great love it picture and sound quality is awesomeEXcellent
Just a great buy. A great tv. Thanks to Walmart. You can not go wrong!MOST UNDERATED TV ON THE MARKET
We have bought several tv's and are very satisfied with them.Very good tv for the price
OUt of the box great tv, have never bought this brand so hope it lasts. 1year warranty so cant complain.Just got the TV and it works just great.
Nice tv for the price. Lightweight and easy to set up.Good value
Oh, man. Do what you are going to do, don't wait! get this TV. It gets good picture quality for movies and games also it gets beautiful looking around the screen. You will get what you are hopping for.Nice TV with the price
VERY GLADE I BOUGHT THIS TV GREAT PRICE!HAPPY CUSTOMER
This TV is the best value for the money out there. Walmart makes the buying process easy and affordable.Great Value
Love my tv!tv
Very happy with the picture, and decent sound for the price. We are very happy.Good TV, does not disappoint for the price.
I am very satisfied with this 40" TV. Don't think you can beat it at a price of $229. Fits perfectly in our small room. Only drawback (if one at all) would be the sound. But I know this is typical for flat screen TVs. Just hooked up a pair of inexpensive computer speakers and sound is fine. Can't go wrong with this purchase.Great TV at a Great Price
This baby is amazing for the price. We "cut the cable" a few years ago when Roku first came out. All the video streamed to this TV simply looks and sounds super.Exceptionally Good
It is a prefect fits on the dresser and still have room for the Xbox. I must get item.right price for me
received this tv 10/07/14 its not a bad tv for the price. I also have the 32in tv .no problem with either. order rca first did not work right out of box.well worth the money
Great value for this TV! Loved that it shipped right to my house!!Excellent!
This product is exactly what we were looking for!!!Love!
It's a great television. The sound is "okay" but if you're looking for "stereo, high quality" sound, purchase the Sceptre Sound Bar to go along with it. It's a great value for the price.Great television!
Best entry level TV you can buy.Best TV
This tv is as good if not better than my Vizio very clear and sharp picture. I bought 2 for the price I could go wrong.Great TV
Purchased as a Christmas gift. So far it's great, time will tell. I would purchased a 24" for a bedroom and it good.Sceptre 40" TV
PerfectTV
second tv I get same brand best price and good qualitygreat price and quality
This TV is all I expected and then some. The only thing I needed to do was to fine tune the sound. The Pic is great and it is a good fit for a mid-sized room.Expected the best
This is a great TV and doesn't glare in the sunlight I hooked up my bluray player and its not that loud buts loud on the regular tv setting got the sound bar and it fixed it I love how the screen can turn without moving the whole tvgreat for the price great picture
My television arrived in perfect shape and ahead of schedule. It is a quality television and the price was so good for a 40" TV. The picture is excellent and there are so many features one would think it was a TV of double the price.
I have mine hooked up to Roku streaming video and it has proven a welcome addition to my living room.
I have only had mine for a week now, but so far so good!! I'll let you know how it goes.Great TV for anyone
very good quality for the price--unit sets up easilymkg1947
Very high quality TV for the price. Volume has slow reaction time, but that may be the cable provider. Extremely happy with the visuals.Great picture
Very pleased with Sceptre TV, this is the second one I purchased and the picture is superb
and so I highly recommend this TV.Great buy for the money!
Brought this t.v. for my teenage daughter and she loves it.Great price. Great product.
picture quality was better than expected for price very slim and light was very pleased i bought itawesome for price cant beat it
I would definitely recommend the Sceptre 40". I bought this as a gift for my son. Excellent picture quality, great value for the price.Very happy with this purchase
I now have two TV's from this brand. I am very happy and satisfied with the quality. You can't beat the price. A great buy. You will be happy with your decision.Love it
This is a great TV and it meets my needs very nicely. I was very impressed with the sound qualities. I have recommended this to a friend & they are also very pleased with it.Great TV made in the USA
Look for the price and a bedroom TV its a no brainer !!! The picture is excellent and the remote is a full function remote BUT Directv has no code for the volume you need the TV remote . The Directv remote will turn the TV on an off all in all super TV !!!!!!Shocker
We have purchased 7 of these in 6 months for vacation rental properties. One had issues - half of the screen went dark. The customer service folks at Septre were helpful and courteous and the unit was replaced timely. We are very pleased with this company's product and service.Great Value
Got it in before Christmas, this was a gift to my mom, who is enjoying the TV. Will be even better when she gets HD receiver.Great TV for the price
everything as advertised, easy to set-up
picture and sound are great, price of tv was below my expectations

felt I got a great deal
would definitely purchase again

do not hesitate buying this productsceptre x405bv-fhdr 40" led 1080p hdtv
Great value..beautiful picture..great features. For $249.99 I don't believe you'll find a better buy. Was told by a DishNetwork technician the Spectre brand is made by Sony. Sound quality could be better but overall an outstanding 40" television.Excellent Value
I love this TV. Great quality at an affordable price.Great TV at a great price.
I have bought two 32' Sceptre tv plus a 40' Septre tv and they have a great picture and enjoy them. I am 100% satisfied.Very Happy
Our first flat screen. very satisfied with product. Sound quality so so but I hooked to surround sound system which makes it perfect.Great TV for the money
The TV was delivered 2 days after online purchase. I've had this TV for about 4 months now & there's no problems or issues. We watch the TV just about all day. I'm considering getting a bigger one for the front room & this same one for the bed rooms. Cheap price good value.No problems
received this tv in one day. came with everything even a screwdriver for the base, am extremely pleased with this product 5 starsgreat tv for the money
Very happy with the TV.
Can't tell the difference between this and a name brand.

Great value,
GinoExcellent
no regretsgreat buy
Haven't had it long, but love the TV. Price is unreal. Lots of connections and extras.Bargain
Great TV for the price. It's not a smart TV but has a great picture and sound. The only issue with is that the viewing angle is a little narrower than a much higher priced Sharp LED TV that I own.Great TV for the price
For $229 delivered, I jumped at this TV and I haven't looked back. It's brand new, big and works great. This is the THIRD Sceptre product I've bought, and -- if their price is the best the next time (and I think it will be) -- I'll be buying more.Couldn't beat the price!!
The Sceptre television has great quality in every area, picture, display, sound and features. No it is not a Smart device, yet with technology like Ruku and Google Stick it can be easily transformed to a a Smart TV. As with other reviews of this model, the sound is quirky, which only requires changing the source. Overall, great product for an exceptional price.Great "off" brand
Excellent television and a fantastic price. Why pay higher prices for a 'brand' name?Price & Quality
for new brand I took "a chance", Cost 150 + free shipping, set up was breeze in 15 min, works well with dish network remote to control more than basic controls using single remote, loudest Spkrs available on TV( 10X2)very nice Pic display/TV's physical Look is splendid. HDMI x 3( also is plus), AUDIO-Video - Device integration is awesome.
Will look forward to 4k Ultra/OLED TVs from Sceptre in futurevow...! I am pleasantly surprised
Just received and mounted this set. I was blown away by the features and the style of this set for the price. Out of the box you would expect to pay no less than $100 more for a similar set elsewhere. I can only hope that the quality matches the features and styling.Stylish TV with awesome features
Easy set up, looks good.Good
Excellent product, great color and sound, the picture is very crisp and lifelike.
If I had known the Scepter was this good, I would have bought more than 1 @ this price. Can't beat it!!40 inch tv
Love this tv. Great picture.Great
Bought this TV when the Black Friday cyber deals came out to replace an extra TV that I gave to my daughter when she moved out of town. The quality has so far exceeded my expectations! More than expected for a store brand at a very low price. I haven't gotten the ROKU streaming stick to go with it yet, but I can't wait to try it out!Sometimes You Can Really Find a Great Deal!
Had to wait so long for delivery, but once it was here I was so excited. My son hook it up for me. It was just the right size for my family room. Color, picture, and features were easy enough to maneuver thru.Just the right size.
Love Love this TV with one exception can only hook up either my DVD play or WII not both which is the only set back I have found if anyone knows how to hook up both please let me know I am "Techno-challenged" LOL :)Great BUY
So worth itWorth the price
We've only been using this TV for 1 week but so far we love it. It was easy to set up. The picture is just as good as the TV's that cost twice as much and the sound is excellent. I would definitely recommend this TV.Great TV for the price
This TV was left at our house for my parents from Santa. We delivered it to their
house Christmas morning and setting it up very easy. The hardest part was carrying the old heavy TV out of the way. The sound was terrific and the picture was clear and
bright. We would buy this brand again and recommend it to everyone.Santa's Gift
sound is alot better ...user friendlycouch potato
It was so easy to set up - unbelievable. I had never set up a TV before and this was a breeze. The picture is awesome too. Great deal!Great view TV
I love this TV. It's has a very clear picture and the remote is simple to operate.Love this TV
This TV is a great value for the money. I have been pleasantly surprised by the quality of the picture and the sound.Sceptre
Was a excellent tv...like I'm imagine. .thanks walmart to post the best offers onlineawesome
love it. Great for the priceLove it
I bought this Sceptre TV to fit into a rather large living room. The price was very good and I wasn't sure what to expect after reading reviews. I find this television to be quite good and light weight which is a bonus for my aging muscles! The picture quality is wonderful. The only part that I didn't particularly like was viewing programs that were aired earlier. The pictures were less sterling on saved programs. That might be a problem with my cable company, though, and not the Sceptre.Scepter TV better than I expected
I was really surprised at the quality of this TV. Even the remote was fully functional. It came with a screw driver and wrench to set up (easy). Would recommend highly.Great Buy!
I love this tv. No reason to pay more for the same tv with a different name on it. I recommend everyone to go with this one first.Sceptre is a Sony Brand TV
Its good sound Picture very Good nice size for living roomLuv tv
The picture was a little "off" at first, but we got a new cable box and wow, what an improvement. The picture is just as crisp and clear as the high end models. Very pleased with the purchase.Great Value
Nice overall TV and certainly for the pricegood buy
So far we have had no problems and really enjoy our televisionGreat picture, No problems
Good!.
Works great! Good picture. Perfect for our large bedroom.So far so good
Work great and fit perfectly into the space I needed it forScepter TV
picture is not as crystal clear as I expected, but it may be the settings. I have not looked into troubleshooting yet. I noticed during a dvd playing the sound was in and out. Sometimes the music was louder than the voice and it was difficult to hear. Again it could just be something I need to adjust. Overall I am pleased for the price I have a very nice tv.excellent price for a 40" tv
This TV is perfect for my apartment. The fact that it swivels is great for all areas of my living space. The picture is wonderful.Great product
This is a great tv for the price. It was everything that we were looking for and so far everything is good with it!Sceptre 40" TV
We just love this tv.....color is great and also the picture!! We would buy again!!GREAT buy!!
Fully met expectations with no surprises. All I want is to watch HD TV via cable. Quality & price good. Prompt delivery. Easy to unpack and set up. HDMI connect better than coax, so exceeds expectation on that score.Met expectations - fully satisfied
In the last 2 months I have bought three televisions, this being the third. I am very pleased and satisfied with this purchase. This television went in the living room to be viewed by guest, family, and friends. Love it! Works just as well as the other name brand Sanyo televisions.Wonderful television at a great price
TV was packaged nicely and set up was a breeze. Picture was great and the price was unbelievable.great buy
This is my second time buying this brand and it's worth every penny.Great TV
I ordered online and had it delivered to my home. Less hassle and safer than trying to cram a large box of sensitive electronics in a car trunk. Arrived before expected and was in perfect condition. Price was excellent! Also purchased a wall mount unit as I prefer them over the included base stand. Takes up no floor space eliminates any chance of reflective glare, and makes viewing easier at elevated height.
Setup was simple and intuitive. Unpack, mount, plug it in and turn it on. Included remote is easy to use and virtually self-explanatory. Picture quality is great for a low cost 40" LCD. Sound quality is very good. I like to listen at higher than normal levels and this unit has the power. Never need to go over 50% and no distortion. Stereo separation was quite surprising as well.
Picture quality is good to excellent from all sources. HDMI, Composite, Antenna and PC inputs are all easy to connect and use. PC input (DB15 - VGA) is full screen as opposed to small "window-box" image that I have experienced on other higher priced units, and the direct PC audio input prevents the need of having to use a set of amplified PC speakers.
PROS: Great price
Good Sound quality
Good Picture quality
Easy Setup
Excellent Hi-Def picture
Cons: Picture quality from a non hi-def source is quite noticeable when viewing at close
distance. (5 feet or less)

Overall this is a great value for a 40" flat screen and makes a great unit for a small living room or a second set for bedroom or kids room.Can't beat this one for quality and price
This is the second time I've bought this tv. I also bought it for my sister and now my mom who is in hospice. Walmart comes through in shipping fast and safe. I ordered online on Thursday and the tv arrived at my house Monday morning. It works great!Great buy!
This is a great TV/Monitor! It has a crystal clear, bright picture and tons of inputs! We are using this as a monitor in our conference rooms and I like how it has the audio input from the computer. I highly recommend this to be used in any room in your home or office!Great TV/Monitor for the money
Can't type enough good things about this TV> Nice picture, good sound, looks great in my home, not to big not to small!!! The Price was the best part!Love This Flat Screen!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Great tv. awesome 1080p picture for blu-ray and the sound is incredible...mainly watch sports and the refresh rate is sometimes a little slow. other than that it is a great value tv!Great bargain TV
I have only had this TV for a couple of weeks; so far so good. Sound is low when first changing channels sometimes, but will catch up quickly; I can live with thatEasy set up and great picture.
It was easy to set up on Comcast. Picture is clear, and it's very light weight. It's a bargain for the price and picture size.Good product for the price
The tv is great. nice big clear picture. For the price you can't beat it. Shipping was super-fast too, arrived much earlier that origenally stated.great tv for the price.
price is amazing at 320 shipped and picked up at store. The tv itself is quite light compared to other tvs without stand it was about 35 lbs or so. Great picture qualit, just take the time to adjust it to your liking, i compared it tomy 1080p panasonic viera and i cannot tell the difference honestly. i dont know about the tv sound becase i hooked it up to a sony home theatre system and it is just great. ive oy had it a few weeks and i really enjoy it. if this last a few years it will truly be perfect. this is really a great bargain. im going to buy an extended warranty for the piece of mind.excellent tv, amazing bargain. Love it so far!
You wont find a better tv at this price. The picture is clear and it has plenty of HDMI ports. I use my PS3 on the tv and every game as well as Netflix are crystal clear. Sound is good just from the tv but i hooked up some computer speakers to it and man it gets loud even with the speakers at a low volume. I love it. And the delivery was super duper fast. Plus it's pretty thin compared to other 40" tvs.It's awesome
I've had my tv for 2 months, and I am very pleased with the performance. I did purchase a sound bar, and it works great. Well, that's it....Back to my tv. Get one you wouldn't regret it!GREAT TV! GREAT VALUE! GREAT PIC!
Crisp, clear, beautiful, sturdy well designed television, made a perfect Christmas gift for my 21 year old sons bedroom! Thank you Sceptre and to Walmart for your affordable prices.What a find comparable to Treasure.
Bought this as gift for son and family. called to see how they liked it and couldn't hear. had to have them cut the tv down so knew it had good sound. asked if the picture was good and he said it was really good. especially on hd channels. his kids have played games non stop since they opened it. i know they are enjoying it. they live on the coast so i will see how it does with the salt air. when we visit this summer ill see in person how it looks and then re post about it. if all works out maybe i can find them a SCEPTRE 50'' and the grand kids can have the 40 since they are so attached to it. we will see.Decent tv over all.
We've only had the tv for a week so far and no problems.Nice Tv
First of all this the first time I every ordered anything this expensive online, but at this great price, I said why not? I got the 40' Sceptre for 299.99 ...with tax 317.98. I absolutely love my new tv....4 hdmi hook ups...I connected my Roku- dvd player & digital box. The sound and picture is great and it was so easy to set up anybody can do it. I shopped around online, at Best Buy, Target, Qvc had the same tv priced at 100.00 more. Nobody could beat the price. My friend purchased a tv from a local dealer and paid a 1000.00 and the tv had a line going thru the picture! He couldn't believequality and value at my price. Enough said....gotta get one for yourself....Seriously:) Thanks again! Walmart.Walmart!!!! Afforded A Great TV for Me!!!!
This was an off brand TV and I was afraid at first to purchase it. However, the Price was great, so I gave it a try. The TV was delivered to my door for Christmas and has been a great purchase for the money and the Quality. I love every thing about the TV. The color & Sound are great, just like an expensive TV. My Husband has the expensive TV in our Sunroon, but he is always slipping into our bedroon to watch my TV., said the color is better. Try it, you will be Surprised!Surprise! Great TV!
I too checked out all the reviews and went to Sceptre's web site. I read their story of product development and innovation. So I ordered the 40' LCD, and I am happy with the TV. We have a Vizio 32" LCD also. When we compare the two, the picture quality is neck and neck, the Vizio does have a bit better sound but when we watch movies we run the audio through a Sony receiver anyway so that's just not a big deal to us. So if you are looking at a Sceptre TV, go ahead and put it in your shopping cart!!!Very Pleased
I purchase the TV set for my wife to use in the family room and wall mounted.She uses it to watch Netflix or Hulu Plus while she cooks or cleans.We got a PS3 and a XBOX 360 hook up to it and the picture quality for both systems is great.Playing games look awesome on this tv. The sound is good but turning it to loud it starts to static but really you probably don't need it that loud.Overall this tv is great and for a great price made my wife happy and that's what really counts.Perfect TV for a great price.
Nice TvNice tv
I have only had for 3 months so far so good. It was a great buy. My Grandson, 11years old, installed & set up.Great picture, easy to install & set up.
arrived on time and in great condition. easy set up. great value.great buy
The TV actually was better than I thought it would be when ordering it. It is a better quality than I had initially thought.Good value for the money
I was worried if it would be a decent TV but I shouldn't have... FedEx delivered it to my door and the box was so light I could maneuver it around single-handed. The packing inside was fine even though the shipper dented the box (they opened it at the shipping center to be sure it was ok and nothing was missing, or so the driver said). All the pieces were inside the box and I have to tell you, a World Class booklet explaining setup. I cannot think of any other appliance I have purchased (including my deceased 40" LG LED flatscreen) with as easy to read, full color owners manual. I set it up and turned it on before presenting it to my hubby for Christmas. He was pretty darn impressed. Things I worried about included: attaching the base to the tv...it wiggled and scared me it would break off but it was just the swivel action and no problem, our 5 yr old $2800 LG did not swivel. The swivel is great; the sound control other people disliked...so easy to program if needed and ours was preset just fine! I am so pleased...praying it will keep going a while. For the price I can buy another one next year. For a year at $25 a month it will be paid for while my cable tv package is $100 month with no end in sight.Wow! What a deal!
I love the tvVery good
Everything works as expected. The picture is clear and the sound is what I expected. I will a be getting a set speakers so that the mama can really enjoy the TV.It does the job
I've had a good experience purchasing TVs from Walmart.com. This one is an excellent value and the price was great. Took longer to get out of the box than to set up...super simple.nice surprise
Works perfect so far. No problems..Great Product!
This TV exceeded my expectations. I would by this product again for a second TV.I would buy again
Great television. It was easy to set up my cable box and DVD player. Love it!!!Awesome television
The picture and sound quality are excellent, and the number of HDMI inputs means that we can easily have this set up for a DVD, games console and DMR without having to swap anything around.

I am quite happy with this.Great TV
This tv works well and is probably better than many expensive brands. Picture is very clear and speakers are very loud. Plus the tv is very lite weight for lifting and mounting.Great buy
So far this TV is well worth the money and has a good picture.We bought it for a second TV for our bedroom and we have no complaints. We have had it for a couple of weeks and is doing fine .Great TV For A Second Room
Product works well and the value was great. It was a gift for my parents and they seem to like it for their viewing pleasure.Works as good as expected
TV isn't perfect, but for the price I can't complain. I got it for $250 and would be willing to pay $300, but no more.. I have another 47" Vizio that I paid good money for and it blows this TV out of the water with picture, sound, options, ect... But for the price, this TV really can't be beat.

I also got free shipping when buying it online. There was a hole on the bottom of the box about the size of a coffee mug, but is was packaged well enough that it did no harm to the TV.

Easy set up, only takes a few minutes.

If you're looking for a cheap HDTV you've definitely came to the right place!!Worth the price.
after a few weeks i thought i had a blown speaker. turned out i had the sound adjusted wrong. i called the walmart store in rock springs and in two minutes i had quality sound.worked good from the first time i turned it on.
We haven't owned this tv long but so far we are happy with it. It is large with a good picture. One pixel is green and we contacted Sceptre about it and they told us a way to tap on it and it might come back. We are cautious to tap on our new tv and it is up in one corner out of the way so we may just live with it.Happy so far.
SO CHEAP yet awesome! This TV offers a great value! The sound is great and it easily mounts on the wall and looks more expensive than it is. Friends and relatives were so shocked when they came by to see it! I was nervous as I had never heard of this brand, but the whole family really is enjoying this.Great TV!
Simply cannot beat the value in this TV. There are better ones out there for sure, but definitely not for under $300.

The stand that comes with it isn't the sturdiest and the audio is a little weak but the screen and picture quality is excellent by LCD standards. At 40" it was the perfect size for the space in my basement - large enough but not so big as to dominate the room.

At a hair over $250 you can hardly go wrong. Plus the free shipping to my house in about 4 business days was a nice surprise as well. Highly recommended if you want a decent quality, inexpensive HD screen.Great Buy!
I was not sure purchasing an off brand TV, but am very happy so far with it.Off brand
For the price, this TV is amazing! We love it. Definitely worth it since any other set of popular name has a price tag 3-4 times more. We bought it for gaming, but have been using it for watching movies as well. We have had to boost the sound a little for movies but it has not been a problem in my kids' game room.Great for the price!
I ordered the TV online with site to store shipping. It was a gift for my husband for Valentines day. It arrived much sooner than expected and pick up was a breeze. The TV is very easy to set up and easy to operate. I am in the process of tweaking the picture to get just the right quality and color I am looking for, but everyone who watches it says it is wonderful. My husband and son are thrilled with it. I am surprised by the clarity and how great this TV is. I still can not believe I got a 40" HDTV for under $300. I did purchase the 3 year warranty from Walmart - well worth an extra few bucks for piece of mind. I read tons of reviews on the Sceptre brand and it is very highly rated across the board. I would highly recommend this TV to anyone.Amazing TV
This purchase of a 40" TV for under $300 was an excellent value. Very happy with this set.Great Deal!
This television far exceeded my expectations. Great picture and sound for the price!Fabulous deal!
Bought this as an early Fathers Day gift beacause the price was to good to pass up. It is surprisingly lightweight for the size. We had a 32" and this is the biggest our amoire will hold and it looks great. Easy set up and i like that they included a baby screwdriver to assemble the stand on bottom.Upgrade from 32"
Got it on sale for $269 so couldn't pass it up; bought 32" a few months ago on sale for $179; picture and sound are much better on this one than the 32"; only had it two weeks but love it; Sceptre is a brand of Sony; bought the Extended Warranty just in case; highly recommend if you can get it on saleVery Impressed So Far
purchased this in June 2014 for $269 for my basement where grandkids can play XBOX. consider this a real bargain for the price. speakers appear to be mounted on the bottom of the TV facing down instead of facing forward. as a result I consider sound quality to be only fair. with the addition of a scepter soundbar now have much improved sound performance.BIG SCREEN, SMALL INVESTMENT
The picture quality is great. It hooks up and works great with my PS2 and Super Nintendo and I'm going to hook up my Netflix to it too. It's of good quality and it's very sleek.I love this tv!
Love the set!!!! Even came with a screwdriver to put the stand on!!!!! Thank You!!!!Beautiful picture!!!!
We needed a new flat screen TV for our small living room and decided to look around for a "made in the US" television. When we learned the Sceptre was made in Los Angeles, we started asking questions and reading reviews and liked what we saw. After a month of having our "made in America" Sceptre, we are delighted and can see very little difference between our other Sony and Vizio models. Yeah, the audio isn't as crisp as it cold be, but we've made the adjustments and now it's fine. The picture is excellent and above all else, we made a careful and thoughtful purchase and actually gave a lesser-known brand a chance, and we are thrilled with our choice. If you want a "made in the USA" television with an excellent price point and outstanding quality, take a chance on the up and coming Scepter. You certainly won't be sorry. Colleen in Tustin Ranch, CAOutstanding quality and great value.
Have only been using this new TV for two weeks but think it is an excellent value for the price. Picture quality is not superior but is very good. Sound is very good. Hooked my ROKU and DVD players with ease. Plenty of ports available for whatever your needs. Since I had never heard of this brand of TV I purchased two years of extended warranty coverage at a reasonable price. Very well pleased with my purchase.Very Good TV for off-brand name
Looks nice as well. I have a cable home;just plugged it in and ready to go. No additional cords needed.Great value for the money.
this was an early Christmas gift. what a fantastic price and it was delivered free of cost 2 days after I ordered it. walmart is the best!!!great TV
We were worried about the sound at first b/c it wasn't loud at all even when turned up all the way, but my hubby got in the seetings and figured it out! We Love it.Great tv for the price
Had it for a week so far everything is A OK was easy setup sound is OK picture is great $299.00 such a dealGood Value so far
This is a great TV for the money, Excellent Picture Has many hook ups in the back for all your needs, Also energy Star rated (I get $25 back from my local eletric co) You will NOT be disapointed with this product, I purchased a 2nd oneExcellent TV
Not only does it look good but gives the living room a classy feel to it.best bang for the buck on a tv
We purchased this TV for my Son. I absolutely love how easy it was to set up and Mount. You cannot beat this TV for the price and resolution and picture quality.Great TV for the Price!
Bought this Tv on Black Friday 2012. LOVE LOVE LOVE IT!

Was a bit hesitant about purchasing from a not so familiar company, but i would recommend sceptre to ANYONE!!!!!Amazing TV. AMAZING DEAL!
very satisfied with the TVall that I wanted
Great TV for a low price. Good picture, great reception.Very nice
I'm pretty tech savvy and have very high expectations of any product I buy, especially if it's electronic. I bought this TV as a Christmas gift, and I am extremely pleased with how it performs. I don't know who in the world was complaining about the sound quality - it is very good on this TV! Picture quality is very nice, too. If you are looking for a good budget TV, go along with the mostly good reviews on this Spectre TV and buy it!Excellent, especially for the price!
I would definitely jump on this tv! It looks great.. HD is fantastic. Movies look fantasic. I have a simple dvd player with hd upscaling and it look gorgeous on this TV..Great TV for the Price
I bought this T.V. for my parents and they are very happy with it. So far, it is a great product with great features, at a really great price. The only thing is...when I picked it up from the store, a few days later on the online site, the price was reduced an additional $20.00. I wish I could have saved that additional money when I purchased it. Otherwise, I am very happy!Great T.V. for great price!
Just purchased this 42" flat screen and it was installed in minutes. The color and sound are fine. I have consistantly purchased our home TV's from Walmart, usually during the Thanksgiving sale days, and we have always been very satisfied. They have outlasted the more expensive models we previously purchased and the picture and sound quanlity are just as good.
I would encourage anyone to take advantage of the value prices of TV's at walmart.Good Buy
The is a great tv for under $300. Easy to put together. Great picture. My only complaint is the speaker isn't that great but I plan to add a sounds bar.Nice tv for the price
other reviewers have said they're not happy with the sound of this tv, but i think the sound is great, as is the picture. i had to adjust the picture, as it was a tad dark, but it's great now. i'm perfectly happy with this tv, and can't say enough about it!great tv
great product for the pricegreat picture quality
i purchased this tv online to replace a smaller one in the bedroom. for the price (239.00 + fast free shipping ) im very happy.great value!!!
I had been looking for a new tv for about 4 months to no avail. We had been to so many stores. Then I came across this great deal and when I picked out up from the store,I thought, simple tv,good for abt 1 yr. It works for us!
After getting it home and realizing the easy install, great picture, awesome sound, and it works amazing with our surround sound system! GREAT TV FOR THE PRICE!!
I will update.More than we expected
We got such an awesome online deal with this tv and all the 5 stars report are telling the truth. We love it! I recommend it to anyone.I love this Sceptre TV
Great tv for the priceLooked all over and could not find a better price.
Given as a gift. Shipping was great and pick-up was quick. recipient says that the product works great and easy to use!Given as Gift, recipient says if is working great
Can't give much of a review as we just hooked up the tv. Used a HDMI cable and took about a minute to hook up. TV picture is very nice and sound is ok. On some channels we have the volume up more than the others. Going to hook up a sound bar to eliminate that in the future.Easy, ordered it and four days later was on my por
This is a great tv and a remarkable value. It arrived at the store 2 days after I ordered it. The price point is so low that I wish I could have bought 4 of them. (I said the price point was low. I didn't say my income was high!)Remarkable value
I dont think that I could be happier with this tv. I bought it as a gift for a friend who still had an old tube tv. We hooked it up in no time using an hdmi cable and WOW!! I'm telling you, we watched the last part of a hd movie on cable, I was so amazed to be able to count the hairs on the actors head. The picture is amazing!! The sound leaves something to be desired. Plan to run your sound through a sound bar or other type of sound system if you want a good sound experience. This tv sound is running through a simple stereo so we don't notice the sound unless the stereo is off. I would definitely recommend this to a friend.Excellent for the money!!!
Easy to hook up, great picture and very easy to use.Great TV
Great TV. Easy to set up, Wall mounting was a snap since it is so light. looks great, performs wellGreat TV
5 starsgreat tv 4 the price
I looked at many types of TV's and read most of the user reviews for each one. Most of the reviews stated that this was a great TV with some complaints about substandard sound. Rest assured this TV has good sound! It's definitely not going to compare to a home theater system or your old stereo, but it is more than adequate - it even has an equalizer to customize the sound. I highly recommend this TV to anyone looking for an economical choice!!Excellent TV for the $$$
let me say first off i read some of the other reviews on here and there is nothing wrong with the sound! the audio is pretty good and it can get fairly loud.

this is a great deal. the screen is huge and the picture quality is great. i am very pleased with my purchase. the tv arrived within three days, i was pleasantly surprised given that i ordered it on a weekend and monday was president's day.

i have absolutely no complaints. this tv is awesome and the price is definitely right!
you can't beat that.better than i imagined
Excellent tv for the money. Would recommend to those looking for a second TV for the bedroom and/orguest room.Great Value
I wasn't planning on buying a TV until I saw this 40" at a very low price. I got it slightly over a week ago, so I don't have much to say. So far, the picture quality has been amazing! I'd definitely recommend this product to anyone wanting a large TV at a very good quality and a very low price.Amazing price and good quality.
I have to of these televisions and I'm happy with the purchaseGreat for the price
Great tv for the price 319.00 online the week of Thanksgiving. Bought 3 yr warranty can't go wrong for 44.00. Picture is ok without cable but when I hooked up the HDMI it was great. There were reviews about poor sound quality but my sound is great just go in and adjust for your liking I have the tv in my bedroom and 15 on the volume level is loud it goes up to 50. Questions about contrast set the dynamic contrast on low or medium and you want have a problem. Mounted on wall with swivel/tilt wall mount from walmart for 49.95. Overall great price and value. The only down side is SAVE YOUR BOX if you have a problem in the 1 yr Manufactures warranty you will have to ship tv to sceptra for repair unless it is a minor problem. This is not unusual today as many tv companies are doing this to keep cost down after the manufactures warrant walmart will service in home the additional 3 yrs. I really enjoy my tv.Great tv for price
So far so good. I'd never heard of this brand and took the chance.Pleased
Not ever hearing of Sceptre brand televisions, I took a chance based on the reviews that were placed here. I was not disappointed, now I just hope it lasts.A Real Value for the money
Excellent Value for $$ Big Savings, great Picture & sound 4 HDMI, excellent too.Excellent Value
Got this on a good sale. So far, great tv for the price.Good picture
Bought this TV for my son and daughter-in-law and they just love it.Terrific picture......would recommend this TV.
So far so good on this TV. Picture quality is great and sound is great. Couldn't beat the price either. Only had it a couple of weeks but everything is good so far.So far so good
LOVE it, I have the volume set to 6 and it's plenty loud enough. Picture quality is good, etc. One thing I wish is that the flash drive feature allowed movies downloaded to the flashdrive to play, but it only supports pictures and music...but you can still hook up your computer so it's great. Awesome buy, wouldn't have minded paying more now seeing how great it is!!Great TV for the price
Decided to take a chance on a unheard of brand from Walmart. Very nice TV, seems to work great with no problems. I never had a HDTV before or one this big, so it's a big step up and glad I didn't have to pay any more than I did.Good TV for the price
I think it is finegreat
I had the tv sent to the store closest to my sons army base in North Carolina. As I live in Minnesota this was a great service for this army mom thank you Walmarttv for a soldier
got this rv for my daughter and her husband for Christmas. ordered it online through walmart on cyber week. $100.00 off reg price.. delivered it in 2 days.. nice picture and sound. sleek design, thin. nice tv.nice tv.
The TV was a present for Mom. She loves it.Excellent TV at a great price
This is one of the best values I have found in a 40" TV. Don't be scared by the off brand name. It works excellent with our cable and Roku box. The picture and sound are excellent. I did find one trick and that is to put the picture on HDMI 3 and our cable is out of this world. The weird thing is, we do not have an HDMI plugged into our cable box. I am not sure why it works but I love it. Best purchase I could have made.Excellent for the Price
If youre looking to get a great TV at a great price... but arent sure if you wanna try out a tv thats not "Name Brand" LISTEN UP. I was in the same predicament. I wanted a great tv/deal but didnt wanna pay so much for it. I was worried about getting a TV that wasnt name brand. I have name brand TVs all throughout my house (LG/Samsung) and this was going to be the first time i bought a "cheaper" per say, TV. Im so glad i did. The reviews were the deal sealer. It got over 4 out of 5 stars from over like 1300 people, so to me, that speaks volumes.

This TV is GREAT. Swivel base and has HDMI outlets. Picture is great. Sound is really the only area it kinda lacks, and thats just me being picky. Get a sound bar like i did and youre in the game.

For the price.. Its more than worth it. Dont worry about it being "Sceptre" Just buy the TV and Enjoy!Take The chance! You wont be dissapointed
Everyone is fascinated by the tv picture quality. They see the name, Sceptre, which throws them off but Sony makes this tv. I hooked up a surround system to it and even with adjusting the sound it is a wee off but for the price of $300 it sure is worth it. I like the 3 HDMI but it lacks enough of the red/white ports. But I can and will hook up my tv to it and this will be used as a monitor, which will be fantastic with Skype. Walmart no longer carries this brand in their stores so I am very happy I purchased the protection plan, just in case.Excellent TV, Got My Monies Worth
After reading many bad reviews about this Television, I'm just waiting for something to go wrong, but thus far is working great. All I do is game on this thing, so gamers this is for you.
Xbox360 HDMI is great so far, been playing back ops 2 for a couple weeks now, and its been phenominal. About a week ago i started to notice a small ripple go up from 3/4 (top of the screen) all the way to the top. It is very brief and happens only on occasion (trying to figure out cause) but I'm assuming it IS the TV.
Sound and picture quality is fantastic, besides the quick ripple. Tried hooking my laptop up (Via HDMI) and with resolution tweaking on the TV menu, it fit the TV PERFECTLY (great for streaming movies and gaming, which is important for me, so i was pleased).
Overall this TV is sleek, easy to put together and set up, and is very technically straight forward (TV menu is simple and easy to navigate). Some complain about the remote being too simple, its beyond enough for any TV user. So far I am pleased with this TV! I will update in a few weeks about the ripple (sort of a tear that just rolls up the screen) to see if it has worsened.Exceptional, so far...
This is my second Sceptre and when I'm ready for a third TV, I will buy another. Great TV for the price and the only one that swivels!Excellent features and value
Great HDTV for the price.Very nice TV for the price
The brightness and color are very good for a $250 TV. The viewing angles seem good for a entry unit. The sound is lacking (it's tinny), but anyone expecting good sound from a LCD TV needs a reality check.Can't beat for the price
Love it so far and got it in 2 days of ordering.Great tv for the price
I did order a very similar TV from Amazon; it was $200 more, arrived in two weeks and it was broken. Returning it was a hassle. So, I thought may be Wal-Mart, for a TV? hesitantly decided to give it a try and order a TV from WalMart.com, I can at least return it to the store if it didn't work.

Found this TV for $200 less, it arrived in few days and .... it has perfect quality despite my expectations that it could be of lesser quality because of the price. It is really good TV.

The advantage of online ordering is that they deliver it to your door, it is a plus when purchasing large items. The disadvantage is you don't know what you get. In case of Wal-Mart you can take it back to the store.paid less and received better product
Just as good or better than the most expensive tv's on the market. Great buy. Would recommend to all.good tv
Before I made a decision to purchase this TV I was leaning towards a Vizio since I already have 32-inch Vizio but the price at the time for the Vizio was outrageous. So I came across the Sceptre and did research on the product and the reveiws was EXCELLENT!!. The picture quality is just as good as my Vizio. I have no compliants.Great value TV
I got this tv as a gift .Was scepitical on the name brand. But it has great sound and the picture is great and the sound is great.I set it up in a minutes or less and the tv looks and the quality of the product is great.I just been using it for a day and it looks and sounds good to me.The reason many people said sound quality is bad is because the speakers are in the back not front of the tv.Great Tv
GREAT TV, VERY GOOD PICTURE QUALITY AND SOUND BOUGHT ON BLACK FRIDAY FOR 245.00BUY IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I love this t.v. it shows GREat color and the sound is great. I am so glad that I purchased this television.Just GREAT!!!
I purchased two 40 in. Sceptres because of the good reviews and value. Very satisfied with picture quality and ease of operation. Set-up was easy and no surprises. Expected sound quality to be less than stellar which it was , but still acceptable. Hitachi makes these TV's. I can't imagine a better value out there.Outstanding value
I don't know a lot about Flat panel TVs but this was easy right out of the box. Plugged it in it ran through it channel setup stuff and away we go. Great picture easy to use. Highly recommend. This TV is only on an antenna system but it still has an awesome picture.GREAT TV FOR THE PRICE!
DEFINITELY A GOOD BUY. I like the size the pic however is not so great but it can be simply fixed by a hdmi cable.very nice buy
Good value and good quality!So far the TV is all that I could expect!
This Tv shows a great picture without having HD, I was really amazed and very satisfied.Great tv for the price
This is a amazing TV and for the price you can't beat it! I love it! The sound is ok but buy a sound bar and you have a amazing TV. Don't hesitate! Picture quality is amazing and very easy to set up!Excellent TV for price
Super clear picture, more than enough sound. Had an issue with no sound at first, but remedied with a power cycleAwesome tv, great picture!
Excellent choiceSceptre 40" TV
Husband had installed in 15 minutes. So far so good, clear picture. Time will tell, but love it so far.nice tv - great price
I am a young woman in my early 20s and TVs aren't a big deal to me. I was just going to get the cheapest 32" tv i could find but my uncle convinced me to get a larger tv with better resolution. So I came across this time. The reviews were positive and the price was right. I've had it up and running for about a week and I'm beyond statisfied. This is a great size for my bedroom. I'm an avid black friday shopper and last november purchased another 40" tv and I prefer this one over that one. Great buy! Totally statisfied!Great tv for the price...highly statisfied
Great for bedroomE-Z order/pay/free delivery to my home.
brought this tv for my mother ....she love itgift
very happy with this purchase. great picture, sound.great picture
i love this tv, it is better then i know.great tv
I had never heard of this brand before the sale on my pc. For the price of 249.00 40" screen
I thought what the heck. Im so amazed. The quality of the picture is as good, maybe better than our Lg 55" that we paid over 1400.00 dollars for. My only complaint was the volume level, which is no big deal because it is in our bedroom. We needed a larger screen because our eyes are not as good as used to be. My Husband and I are thrilled with this tv.. I would recommend this brand to everyone. The price was so reasonable!!!!Awesome!!!
Really enjoying this purchase. Beautiful picture and great sound for the price.Awesome TV
great sound and picture wish I woud have purchased two. Lets just hope it lastOMG _ for 238.00 I wished I brought 2
very satisfied good deal for pricegrear deal for the money
Just open box, slip in stand, plug into elect. and cable, DONE!A GREAT TV AT A GREAT PRICE
Very happy with the quality.Great Value
Hard to beat the price, one of the best pictures for any brand, very clear and great color and contrast. A little scared at first of buying a tv on the internet, but I have now purchased 2, yes I would it again.excellent TV
I love this TV. I can't find anything wrong with it. It has a great picture. The colors are bright. I can hear it good from across the room which is pretty large. I just wish I had gotten one a little larger. I was used to a 65" and downsized to a 40". The price was great. I would recommend this TV to friends.Great TV
I'm not gonna lie, I was terrified when I bought this T.V. from all the negative reviews. Maybe when they got theirs shipped, the person handling it did not care about it.
When mine came in the mail I was all too happy to see it. I love the fact there are 3 HDMI inputs, my computer, ps3, and chromecast can all be plugged in. It's awesome.
The picture is really nice, it is definitely 1080. I love watching T.V., Movies, And playing games on this. Met my expectations and exceeded them.
The sound is the only not too goo thing about this T.V. but all you have to do is turn it up, or adjust the settings manually.
It is only about 37 inches and not 40, but does 3 inches really matter? Not really

I would definitely recommend this T.V. to someone who is looking for a fairly great T.V. but doesn't want to pay a big price for one.Great T.V. for the price
I just got this TV for the Black Friday price and I am very satisfied. I like the energy saving feature of the screen (it supposed to be less "vivid" but it vivid enough for me. I also like the powerful speakers on this set - I can hear very well even with window air condition on.great TV for the price
Flat Screen was delivered the next day after ordering online -- with free shippingFlat Screen TV was great
great picture, great valuegreat picture, great value
My fiance' Absolutely love the TV, I gave it to her as a gift. Very satisfied!Great TV
I didn't except this TV to be this great based on the brand but it's worth it.Wow
Great television for the price. Excellent picture and sound quality.Couldn't be happier
I Love this T V , the price was good, and the delivery was super fast,, I got it the next day,,,bI love the product
Great value, great picture and sounds really good too. Very pleased with this TV.TV looks great and picture is really good
Great picture. Sound quality better than expected.Perfect for the home gym
I missed out on the Black Friday deal... so I waited and waited for just the right deal... and this TV was it!!! I am very pleased with my purchase.Great TV for a great price!!!
This product is working great for me and as for someone telling me about it, I did my own research.awesome product
nice product for the price...sound is a little lacking but that's nothing a good sound bar can't correctgreat buy
GREAT TV AND VALUE GOOD.GREAT TV AND VALUE WAS GOOD.
The reviews I read online were very helpful in making my purchase. I wear hearing aids and the sound was excellent even with out hearing aids. The TV control has a feature called "Aspect" which allows you to change the picture quality even though you do not have High Definition from your provider. However all the Network TV stations prodcast in High Definition such as ABC, NBC, CBS and FOX. I do not subscribe to HD and I am perfectly satisfied with the picture quality on the nonhighdefinition stations with the "Aspect" feature.This TV met all of my expectations.
We've had it for about two weeks, and so far it's been great! Delivery was faster then expected, the picture is sharp, the color is excellent, and the sound is certainly adequate. For the price, we are very pleased with our purchase.Great choice!
scepter offered easy online registration. The remote batteries came with it for instant gratification.
I was very happy with the product and the service given by Wal-Mart. The online store is much better than shopping in person at any Wal-Mart I have ever visitedGreat TV for price
Item arrived two days before the scheduled arrival date. Had never heard of the sceptre brand before. The picture quality is really better than I believed it would be. Great product for the price.A great television.
This TV is incredibly clear, bright, and looks GREAT out of the box! I'm using it currently for mainly gaming with my Wii U, and the picture is amazing! Setup was quick and easy, and it powers up and down quickly. I used to use the Sceptre brand computer monitors years ago, and they were one of the best brands then, so I trusted the name when I saw it already, and it's definitely as good now (if not better!) than it was then.

The screen looks nice, the brushed metal-look of the bezel gives it an expensive feel, while not adding extra weight to the set. It weighs just under 20lbs, and for a 40" television, I felt that was rather lightweight, and it made it very simple for me to set up myself. There is very little assembly (attaching the base to the neck coming out of the back of the TV,) and it includes all the hardware necessary, including a phillips screwdriver! Everything comes well packaged, and all of the manuals and parts are in their own individual ziploc style bags, which can be reused if you so desire. There is also a slider pouch to keep the manuals and paperwork in as well.

Overall, I would not hesitate to recommend this set to anyone. I saw a few reviews complaining about the sound, however for the time being, I don't see anything wrong with it. It isn't a surround-sound home-theater grade sound system, of course, - they're only attached speakers! But it does have outputs for external speakers, including a headphone jack, which can be used to attach a computer-sized 2.1 surround system if you so choose (which is my plan) so you can have an inexpensively upgraded sound system with subwoofer.

If you have the opportunity, I highly recommend anyone to GET THIS TV!EXACTLY what I was looking for!
I would suggest anyone to buy this TV. You will not be disappointed.This tv is the best for your money.
Have more features than a expensive LCD TV.Excellent price. Excellent product.
First of all, the shipping was extremely fast. Arrived in two days! It was easy to set up and has a great picture, even without HD programming. We have Dish Network, and like to use just that one remote, but I was able to find a code that worked for our remote (500#) so that makes things much easier. The sound was kind of blah, so we bought an inexpensive soundboard and voila! ..Problem solved. So far we are enjoying our new tv very much.Very pleased so far.
bought this TV at Walmart.com for my mom, shipped for only $5. ... she loves it. Great Value, I have a 51'in an have had no problems. Sound/Speakers are mounted on the bottom back of tv so I would suggest getting a surround sound, but really not necessary. Great Picture.Super TV For Price
This TV has a great picture, very nice color tones and sound is good. I will be adding a sound bar for some added base. Great price. Site to store shipping was very slow. The TV was shipped from a warehouse only 155 miles away from the pick up store but took 14 days to arrive at my store. It sat at the Grove City Ohio location for 3 day and took 8 days to ship from warehouse in Indiana. Next time I will pay the added shipping to my home and get it much faster.Great Picture, Good Sound But Very Slow Shipping
got it for $249 looks good sounds good..great picture!worth every penny
Good buy and fast delivery.Excellent TV
great purchase for the moneyawesome
Easy to set up, No problems with any of the features, Great bed room TVExcellent for the price
Very pleased with this purchase. Was not to sure because I had never heard of this brand but after reading the other reviews I decided to try it and glad I did. Very happy with the TV and even happier with the price.Great TV for the money!
THIS IS A EXCELLENT TV FOR THE MONEY I WOULD PURCHASE ANOTHER ONE IF I NEEDED TO WE BOUGHT THIS FROM WALMART .COM SITE TO STORE NO SHIPPING CHARGED. IT ARRIVED ALITTLE BEFORE THE ARRIVAL TIME THAT WAS GIVEN AND THAT WAS APPRECIATED. WALMART.COM IS A GOOD PLACE TO BUY THINGS I ONLY WISH THEY WOULD SHIP TO THE HOUSE WHEN U SPEND THAT KIND OF MONEY LIKE AMAZON DOES ONLY REASON I DIDN'T BUY FROM AMAZON WAS THE EXTRA PROTECTION PLAN OFFERED BY WALMART I FEEL IT WAS A BETTER BUY THAN WHAT AMAZON HAS THATS MY OPINION. LOVE THE TV AND THE SERVICE.THANK U WALMART.EXCELLENT TV FOR THE MONEY.
I had thought this was smaller based on the price, but it's huge! Takes up almost the whole entertainment center...needless to say, I was thrilled.
I already have the next size down in this brand...had a power going off issue that Sceptre took care of quickly without cost to me... doing great now. No problems with this one so far.

Great flat screens and superb pricing!! Highly recommended!!bigger than expected
This is my second Sceptre TV. The first is a 32" 1080P. I am as pleased with this one as my first. Just take it out of the box, put four screws in the stand, hook up your cables and turn it on. With a minimum of tweaking, the picture is beautiful. I looked at many TVs. Most were much more expensive, but I honestly think none had a better picture. Plus, this TV has features that most of the more expensive ones don't, like 3 HDMI inputs (most have 2)and a headphone jack (most don't have one). Really pleased!!!!Really nice TV
I purchased this tV for my 90 yr.old Mother. She can see and hear it perfectly.
She Loves It!Great bargain - Great TV
This item is not carried in the store but for the price is awesome.Awesome
Great looking TV.....blends in well with furniture. Everything about it is exceptional!Great upgrade for bedroom
Very happy with this TVGreat Budget TV
My experience with this product is excellent..a good buy that I would highly recommend to anyone looking for a good television.Sceptre Television
I love this hdtv & didnt break the bank to get it! It has all the features & qualities as the high dollar hdtv's. It is sweet! = )Awesome hdtv, "why pay more!"
Bought this as a second TV for the den. Picture is excellent but the sound is very poor (flat), sound bar helpsGreat picture but sound is poor
Great TV, Great Picture, Great Price!!!

For the money I couldn't be happier. The only issue I had...

Had trouble finding the DirecTV remote control code. After extensive searching I found this one... "10111" not documented anywhere but, worked for me.Great TV!
Much more tv then I exspected. For the price you can't go wrong.Great TV
Great Product. I have no complaints. This was really worth the money.Happy Shopper.
......GREAT TV
Great tv for the price. Great picture sound and easy set up. Excellent buygreat tv for the price
We are not "into" all the bells and whistles that many people may expect from a TV. We only use a outdoor antenna and the reception is very good. We did not want to spend a lot of money and we found this TV to be a great compromise between quality and price.Great TV for the casual user.
The sound on this TV is not very good but the picture is awesome. With a good soundbar youhave an affordable system.good buy even if not the best sound
I purchased this tv as a Father's Day gift. I read a few reviews before purchasing it, and a lot of them were complaining about the sound, so I purchased a sound bar to go along with it. Honestly, I don't see an issue with the sound of the tv, and could have saved money had I not purchased the sound bar. It's a great tv, with great sound and color. I wouldn't recommend it for a bedroom though, because the light is very bright at night, but a great tv for the living area.Great Quality TV.
Great value for the money. This is the second product I have owned and still own a 52 inch. That was also a great value for the money.Good value
It was a great Christmas gift from my motherGreat Christmas gift
This big tv is great! However, I read the reviews on it before i bought it. You have to go in and adjust the picture. I never had to do it. The local DISH serviceman was here the day we got it and he adjusted it. Makes a big difference. I do not know anything about using features so can't write on them.Great value and picture for under $400
Easy setup and picture is really good, especially the HD channels. Only had it for a couple of weeks but so far and am very pleased with my purchase.Excellent TV for the Price
I got this for a computer monitor and I think it was a great deal so far. I like it more then the smart tv Vizio I got a couple years ago. I have not compared HD television yet though but so far it seems great.Great
Great TV. Sound volume seems to be limited, but crystal clear picture and features at the price we paid are outstanding! Great response time when hooking up peripheral devices. Plenty of access ports for all your needs.Great TV for the price!
We got this TV for our "office/study" room so during football season and such my husband could come watch tv or the kids could go watch a movie. We got it because of the price, but the picture quality is amazing. Our living room TV is a Panasonic Plasma 52" so we are picky about picture quality. The sound is also great from just the TV. Easy set up, light weight, HIGHLY recommend.Great tv for an amazing price!
Had it setup in ten minutes. I did have to pick the sound I wanted,but good picture & sounds great.
Took about 10 minutes to hang on wall. registered online in 5 minutesworks great straight out of the box
Excellent value for the price.Sceptre 40" LED HDTV
Excellent tv for the price.Great tv
For that price, it works wellSceptre tv
i love itgreat resolution
I'VE ONLY HAD THESE TV'S A COUPLE WEEKS ;SO FAR ,I AM PLEASED BEYOND ANY COMPARISON TO THE SAMSUNG & SANYO THAT I BOUGHT & RETURNED TO THE STORE HERE .I BOUGHT 2 TO REPLACE MY OLDER SETS .....
PerfectPerfect
I love this tv for the price! Also it came to my house so much faster than I expected!great tv
Great picture, sound quality. Low price. Far exceeded my expectations!
I highly recommend Sceptre Televisions! Quality + low price.Great TV!
great tv, easy to set up,had it going in 5 minutes,would buy another one,great tv
Had this tv for almost 3 weeks and so far I'm satisfied.Great tv at a great price.
I had a wonderful experience, I would recommend Walmart online, or the store Walmart to anybody. :-)clear vision
When I first was looking for televisions, I was a little leery about the price for the size of this tv. I figured I would take a chance, worst case scenario it could be returned. Super easy to install, the picture is beautiful. The sound could be better, but isn't bad and can always be enhance with the addition of surround sound. I was so happy with the television, and the 4 year warranty I added to it, I purchased one for my daughter. Great bang for the buck!Well worth purchasing!
Arrived promptly (3 days) and is so light. Very easy to install on my wall.Great product for a great price
excellent TV the picture looks great I have the TV in my room and it looks good the price was great I got this on sale yes I will recommend the Tvlove this tv
This TV has been working just great. The picture is much brighter and clearer than my old TV which is very good because my eye sight is not what it used to be.Clear and bright picture
Very good picture for the money.Meets Expections, easy set up.
I bought this television after my television of about 15 years conked out on me. It came pretty fast on Walmart.com. The setup is extremely easy. I was blown away by the picture quality, which is quite clear. Also the television is very light. It is bigger than it looks online, but not heavy at all, which is very nice. And for less than $300, it is an excellent deal!Excellent tv for the price!
Very good TVLove it.
GOOD PRODUCTNICE TV
I bought this TV from my dad for Christmas. He loves it, the sound quality is excellend, the picture is excellent and has all the features he required.Excellent
This tv was delivered within days of it being ordered. The hookup was very simple and I am very satisfied with the quality and sound. It is worth more than what I paid. Thanks to Sceptre and Walmart.Everything I Expected
The unit arrived undamaged and was easy to put together, took about 5 minutes. Hooked it up to my VCR/DVD player and to the Xbox and Xbox 360. TV worked perfectly. As this is in my shop I don't have it connected to any source for movies on TV. But the audio works great "For me", and the picture is great being I am not using the HD of the set. I'd recommend this set to anyone with a 40 inch width desire.Spectre TV 40"
This tv has a great picture and sound. Some reviews said we might need a sound bar--not so. The audio quality and levels of volume are very satisfactory--even for my husband who has some hearing loss. We connected it to our DVD player and have watched a few movies. We are going to set up ROKU on it today We are VERY happy and wd recommend this Tv to anyone. I have to mention that we haven't had the Tv a suffient amount of time to know if everything stays positive--but if not--I will write another review, later on.Sceptre-40"---Great Tv
I love it.....it is in my bedroom.....perfect size and the view and price is amazing....for the prince it is really great....
I love this television and with super fast shipping it was at my home's porch sooner than the expected ship date the television yes love all the features and price was a bang for the buck it only the sound its a bit ear piercing but over all the price can't beat that I bought it for my daughter for her birthday day and she loved it, I'm thinking for buying another for my son's room in the futureGreat and for the price love it
After only a day of operation, we find this to be an excellent value. Sound quality is a bit on the short side with very little low frequency response, but the sound is acceptable. Picture quality is excellent.Great apartment TV
We love this TV! The picture is crisp, the sound is great, and it's the perfect size for our bedroom! Very, very pleased with this purchase!Great TV Great Picture Great Price
I would recommend this product to anyone that would like a nice sized tv with great picture quality. And to be able to order this and have it delivered to my door, seeing as the nearest Walmart is 50 miles away and with the roads being nasty in the winter, it is worth its weight in gold.Rating of tv
Great valuePleased
Thanks walmart. You never disappoint. Loving my new tv.love this tv.
I love the size and Overall best investment of 2014Great Tv
So I saw this TV being advertised and jumped on it. Only costing 278 (at the time) had me thinking there would be some catch. Bad sound, bad picture, or something along those lines that would have me hating this purchase. With all the reviews I read about it, the only thing that stuck out was people complaining about the sound not being what they liked. Well Im here to tell you, that they were all wrong. The sound is great, the picture is great, and I have no complaints, so far. (I say so far, cause Ive had the set for less than a week.) Overall this TV rocks!!! Price was great, pick up was a breeze, and it mounted on my wall with ease. So go ahead and do what I did, buy the TV and enjoy your purchase.Best bang for the buck!!!
Purchased it for my RV and have used it a few times and love it. Just wish I could mount it for traveling, but not a big issue.Great TV and excellent price.
I got it 5 days early,it was easy to hook up and the picture is great.Sceptre tv
For the basic television watchers, this TV comes in excellent in value. It will do the job. We are a television repair company, and for most older folks that just want to replace their tube television we recommend a cheap replacement. Yes, LED and 120hz is better, but for the regular old watcher, this will do the job.Sceptre Tv's
Nicevery nice good price
Great looking TV. Colors, brightness and contrast look great right out of the box.Great television
My daughter Molly & I love this tv! Has great sound & picture. It fits beautifully in the scheme of our living room! And even at 40 inches seems big! At least for us! I got this tv with my tax refund & couldn't be happier with it! HD makes a difference too! My only wish is that we could've hung it on the wall but the space in our apartment doesn't allow for that!Thrilled!
i like it a lot but then they came alond with rca almost same price unreal but tks jimmievery nice ty
Delivery was very quick and the product was in excellent condition. It was easy to hook up and the picture quality as well as sound quality was outstanding. I would recommend this product to anyone looking for an excellent television.Wonderful television for the price.
Great purchase for the price.!Miz_jujuan
Great product. Would recommend this product to anyone. Great price, too. Very satisfied with my purchase.Great product!!
personally love it and money well spent. This one has so many features, great picture and hands down better sound than the other brand it replaced.sceptre 40 inch
bought for my son he loves it*****
Unit arrived earlier than expected. It has worked well.
Like most flat screens, sound is a bit flat. Base assembly was not what was described in the instruction manual, but we got it done easily enough.
Based on a week's use, I'm happy with the unit.Good value for the money.
This is our second sceptre brand tv. Plays well, easy to set up, 3 hdmi inputs, built in tuner, picture is great. Small living room makes this 40 inch screen work for our needs. We're very happy with this purchase and the price is just icing on the cake. Thxworks for our needs
My grandson uses this TV mainly to play video games. The graphics are great.Great TV
I brought this tv being familiar with the brand because i bought a 36" Sceptre two years ago. However putting up the stand may be a little difficult but other than that no complaint. I plan to buy another one when they go on RollbackLove My Sceptre 40"
Good size, very clear picture, very happy to have itJust Perfect!
I like is this tv the price was great and work very good.Good tv
This is my second Sceptre. My daughter bought my first a couple of yrs ago, a 32". I bought this 40" and it is fantastic way beyond my expectations. Everything worked perfect on startup.Great television
Never heard of the company but the price was right so i bought it. Im very pleased with the picture. Volume is a little low if you cant hear well but i still love itgreat tv for the price
I like this television; it is very attractive. I put it on the stand myself. I can also use my older DVD player with it. No problems!Television
Wow, thank you Walmart! I highly recommend this TV and ordering it online. Walmart sent it so fast, had it within 2 days!Walmart delivered it in record time, great TV!
I really love my Sceptre 40' Class LCD TV. It was very simple to hook up and the picture is GREAT;;;Great for a second TV
This TV is a great value
I read the reviews and did some research before purchasing and it still exceeded my expectations.Exceeded my expectations
We bought this tv for our son's wedding gift. He enjoys it very much. It came through UPS or FedEx and it was in great condition. Ver pleased !Good tv for reasonable price
tv is very good, it's worth every penny,I paid 273.00 dollars, sound is ok, but would be much better with surond sound. I think the picture is great.good value for money
I have nothing bad to say about this TV. It's affordable and worth every bit the money.Worth the money...
We are very pleased with the TV. For the money we could not have found a better deal. We had bought a TV in Dec. from Walmart and there was a problem with it. Wal-Mart was more than fair in making this purchase right and so we purchased the 40" Led Sceptre. It is the second Sceptre we have bought from Wal-Mart and we are very pleased.Better than expected
I highly recommend this product. The picture quality is excellent. The price was great, and free delivery.Great TV!
Nice product. Sharp picture, good quality sound, reasonable price. Had not had a product made by this company but seems to be good..Not a major brand in my area but good TV
I read all the reviews on this one and I have to say my boyfriend who is a huge tech person says that this TV has really good quality and he couldn't believe I got it for such a low rate! I'm very satisfied with the TV - works wonderful on basic TV and when HD commercials come on it's wonderful! Works great with my blue ray player too. I love it!Wow! Is all I can say
this is our 3rd Sceptre TV we have a 19"-24" and now the 40" all of the TV's are playing good this set came on the date they said with no problem, the set up was easy I first hooked it to the cable without our Bright House new adapter box the picture was not that good but then after the set up I connected it to the adapter box with the HDMI input and the picture was great this set is in our master bedroom and is used every night for a short time....the price was right
scepter makes great TV's for really cheap. the picture is crystal clear, the sound is fine for a flat screen and the menu is slick and clean, even the volume graphic looks cool. Great product with all the jacks in the back that you could possibly need. would recommend this product along with the 32".i love this tv. bought a 32" for my bedroom too
I bought this tv in july 2012 for $300. I did buy the 3 year warranty but have never had a problem. The sound isn't real good at higher levels. You could turn it all the way up and it wouldn't sound any louder than if it was 50% volume.First flat panel
I would never thought of buying this Sceptre Tv. But I do like the set. The sound could be a little better, and should have more Sound Modes, like "Country", "Opera", "Concert". The price is very good.Good Brand Name TV
The clarity of the TV picture it's just fantastic! it is clearer with the free TV that I now use than it was with the Direct TV I used to use.

I At this TV for over six months and I am very happy with it.I love this TV!
this is a great tv for the price! i am surprised how light it was to pick up and put on my tv stand. i almost wish i went for the bigger size. but so far no complaints. it is a great deal with excellent picture.great tv - lightweight
I'm using this TV as a second monitor for my gaming computer. Great picture and has everything that I need. I'm very pleased with my purchase so far.Great for gaming
I love this tv, I researched tvs for about 6 months before buying this one. This was a great buy, picture quality is great,sound is great. Glad i bought this tv.Great buy !!
Very happy with the purchase. Would recommend to all.Excellent product at a great price.
Setup was very easy & turned on fast with crisp & clear picture. Thankful that it is compatible with Direct TV remote.Great LED TV for the price.
I Bought ThIs TV For My Mother To Replace Her Old Tube TV. She Can't Believe How Nice The Picture Is. Easy To Set Up And Nice Looking Unit. Couldn't Be Happier.best TV for the price!
Light weight, clear great picture. Sound is good several options for viewing..new TV
I now have a 32" and a 40" Sceptre TV. They both have great picture quality The sound is great, it comes out of the back on both, so to me it sounds better. The picture quality is excellent. X-Box and PS3 look incredible with very little (if any) blurring. It is a way better picture than the 4 year old Visio it replaced. I just hope it lasts longer than the Visio.Best bang for your buck!
Good price, product works very well so farGreat TV value
American made. Easy setup right out of the box. Very clear picture. Mujst buy HDTV cables seperatly.Awesome TV for the price
Was unsure because we didn't know the brand but very happy with purchaseGreat
a 40 inch tv for less then $300, hope it's a great deal!great tv for value
It has a nice clean picture and is easy to set up. It doesn't use much power to operate. The menu is easy to navigate. I get my signal over the air and it automaticaly scanned for signals right after initial set-up and picked up all of my channels. One of the things that I like the most is how it automaticaly reduces sound on all commercials.Great TV for the cost.
Good sound and very good picture and problemsgood tv
I use as a computer monitor and it has exceeded all that I have expected. HDTV is sharp, color is well balanced and it was very easy to set up. Great value all around. I would buy another. Also super fast shipping and no damage on the box.Better than I expected!
Everything is Great , especially the Black Friday Price of $219.00!!
Easy to set up and it has enough HDMIGreat Picture!! Great Price!!
Bought this TV for our bedroom and we're very happy with it. Has a good picture and sound and the price was great!Just what we needed.
Has nice picture and sound is louder than 2 other brands I own.Great picture
We needed a TV for the basement, and I didn't want to spend $400. This one was (at the time) $249 and I have to say that it works great. Good picture, good sound, enough HDMI ports, etc.. This impressed me - when you assemble it, you have to screw on the base - I suppose that is for people who mount it on the wall. Well, for screwing on the base, it even came with a phillips screwdriver. Cool! Anyway, we'll see how it lasts, but so far I am very impressed.Great TV for a reasonable price
The Sceptre is the third purchase of the 40 inch TV in the last two years. I have used these in three different places, a living room, family room and rented condo.Great TV
great buy!!High-end quality at a budget price
Although the remote came broken with the TV, a quick call to the company and they sent me a replacement remote! I like the sound on it, but anything was better than the sound from my 17inch previous TV, so I may be biased. Overall, great quality for my first HDTV!Great buy, great price.
love the light weight. the picture is great. and the price was very affordable.luv it
I was skeptical about this tv because of previous reviews and because of the brand but upon receiving the tv, I love it. Great tv for the perfect price.Great T.V.
Great value for this TV. Picture is awesome. Easy hook up to cable. Don't waste your money on the big brand name models, the Sceptre is just as good but for less money.Great, great TV for the price.
I have had for almost a month. Does the trick, no issues and the value at under $250 for the size and quality is 5* in my book.Not bad
This tv very satisfyingyes this tv is very helpful to me
This is a great TV. It was very affordable & has great features. I will definetly buy this brand again.Great product for the money.
This TV has the quality that you would expect from the higher end brand names. I own Vizio and Phillips flatsceens and I actually like Spectre better. Great remote with functions that my Vizio doesnt have. I wish that the Spectre had built in Wifi capability. But, other than that I am completely satisfied.Great TV
I love this TV! Great picture and you can't beat the price. Very comparable to much more expensive brands, even better than some.Very crisp, clear picture.
Purchased as present for my daughter, set up for her at her house....pic was better than my own much more expensive much more known name brand...it was interesting...pleasant surprise...PLEASANT SURPRISE
Loved It!!! Especially for the great price and very easy to hook up and set up!!Great TV!
Not bad for an off brand TV. Meets my expectations.Good value
This is a great tv for the price. Clear picture great color. Sound isn't as clear as I liked till I hooked computer speakers to it. It was loud enough just not the way I liked it. May add a sound bar later. It works great and really good quality for the price. Wishing now id have gotten the 50 inch probably will later on. Great little tv at an awesome price would recommend it.my 1st big flat screen
Only thing I did wrong was not buying two of them.Great value
This t.v is AWWWSOOMMEEE I love the way my game system graphics
Look on the HD
Easy to install and very nice looking as well
I would recommend this t.v to any oneGREAT T.V
We had gotten a 'Black Friday' TV that was one of the loss leaders and the picture was terrible (don't remember the brand). Half the channels wouldn't even come in. Took it back, spent a little more and got this one. Good decision. Picture quality is superb on cable, HDMI input is great too. Picks up the 'hi digital' channels on our cable system like 101.44 etc...

The analog cable channels look good, the digital channels are outstanding! I split the hdmi output from my computer and feed it to one of the HDMI inputs and the result better than I'd ever hope.

I say buy it!Nothing but good to say about this TV
This has been a great buy. The clarity, picture, colors have all been exceptional. I would recommend this brand and chose this brand based on other reviews. I have only had this for a few days but am impressed.

This tv was easy to setup and begin watching and using.Sceptre is spectacular...
This is my second Sceptre HDTV and we love the brand! I originally bought a 32" for my son as a X-Mas gift three years ago, and upgraded to this 40" because Sceptre is a quality HDTV brand!I love the brand!
light, clear, same warranty as as all the rest- working great , at least for this first week i've had it!!best buy for the price!
Great pic and very affordable.Great tv for price
Purchased on line shipped to local store.Excellent Value
It looks good, it sounds good, and the price was right. It might not do anything fancy like 3D, but it also doesn't cost a fortune. Great TV for it's price.Love it.
I was looking for an inexpensive TV for the master bedroom. This set meets or exceeds all my expectations so far. It was an easy setup with the Dish Joey. Just plug in the Joey supplied HDMI cable and the rest was automatic. The1 button sleep timer on the remote is excellent. The picture quality and speed is good but excellent for the price. The sound quality is average but excellent for the price.Excellent value.
I like ittv
The TV came very promptly, setup was easy and I had no problems except to find an indoor antenna that would deliver a strong enough signal for the network and PBS channels I wanted.

The HDMI cable I ordered at the same time as the TV came ten days later, and I've not yet been able to connect it.just fine for my needs
The picture is great sound is great no complaints here at allsuper. awesome tv and best value i could find
Great price and excellent TV! Nice audio and crisp picture!Great value!
I really love my tvLED TV
It was a real good tv for the price u can't find A cheaper 40 inchNice tv for the price
I love the quick delivery got it so much sooner than the estimated time.
Beautiful clear crisp picture; Not so happy about the sound not having any depth to it but over all I really am very satisfied with the TV purchase especially for the price on a 40 inch !!! Love it.Great Buy For A Low Price
We thought you could adjust size of cc but you have not been able to yet. Very happy other wise.very good price.
I was really nervous about buying a tv brand, I have never heard of and to be honest, I wouldn't have if it didn't get such great reviews.
It only took 3 days to ship to my house.
-The picture is amazing, Even watching Netflix or playing videos games.
-The sound is great. It has a True surround.
-The price is the best of all.

Don't let the "Lack of a name brand" scare you. This tv is a safe bet and a wise choice.No reason to fear
I must admit I was a little skeptical when I purchased this TV, but when it came and I hooked it up, I was blown away by the quality. I don't think you can even come close to how great this set is for the money. Setup was a breeze, the picture is sharp and clear, the set is modern and stylish. Awesome TV. The only drawback is I wish the remote it came with was a universal remote to control my other devices.Well worth the money
great quality and price....cant be beat.nice bedroom tv.
Highly recommend. High quality,easy to use remote,everything you would want.Fast shipping,high quality
Value = price/performance.
This TV has such an advantage on the price side and the performance is really quite good.
Excellent Value!Screamin' Value!
great tv for the moneycan't beat the price for what your geting.great
I have owned this tv for a few days now and so far I am very happy with my purchase. In my opinion, you can't get any better than this when you take in to account price and performance. My parents spent more on their 32" 720p tv than I did on this one. I love that there is a guide on this tv that provides a summary of the show you are watching. I do have to say that the speakers aren't great so I will be buying a sound bar. All in all I am extremely happy with my purchase.Great TV!
I am a 24 yr old that watches football every saturday and Sunday this 40inch tv prevails in most head to head competition and come's off the shelf at a low 260.It has amazing picture and sound quality.I am extreamly impressed with sceptre and their entire line of tvs. This will not be my last purchase you can guarantee that .Amazing Tv Amazing Price
Grewt delivery and the TV is better than anticipated. the picture qualityi pretty good and the sound is good. Great for the price I paid.love the tv
Super product for the price. Excellent picture and color. I like the low glare screen. The tv is really light weight. My TV came with a non working remote so I just called the company directly and they sent out a new one right away. I'm very happy with the purchase. My only complaint is the volume dies not go very high. I had to buy a sound bar to accompany it. But for the price that was no big deal. Compared to other same size units that were higher priced I think I made the right choice. The color has over 1.0 billion contributing to its excellent picture quality.Great price
this is my very first flat screen tv and i really like it very awesome... great picture quality sound could be better. would recommend this to my friends.awesome
Bought this TV for the "woman cave" (I have a 52 for the man cave, wife's room is a bit smaller).

You can't beat what you get for the price. Good picture, sound is so-so, but we already had a sound bar for the TV we had in the room, so that did not matter much. Plenty of hookups, we have the sound bar, Nintendo Wii, Playstation 3, XBox, Cable TV, and still have a couple of spots open.

LIGHTNING FAST DELIVERY. We ordered this TV on the Tuesday before the Super Bowl. Got it that WEDNESDAY, and that was with a snow storm going on! Can't get any better than that.

I'd recommend it to anyone wanting a good size TV at a reasonable price. I might just get another one for the master bedroom!Great value for the price
This TV is not you're top of the line TV but for the price it's a great value, so far I'm completely satisfied, we will see how long the TV lasts.Great for the Price
Great Tv, we love it. Has a great picture: color is great. Has great sound, actually have to keep the volume turned down it's so good.Great Picture & Sound
We are happy with the TV overall. The sound/speakers need some work, kind of hollow sounding. Great product overall.Great for a second TV.
Bought mine back in 2012 and I haven't had any problems with it...my son also hooks his computer up to it to play his games.
The whole family is very pleased! Will get another one as soon as I need it.
I recommend it to everyone!Love it!
This is a good basic TV, easy set up, simple to use, works well on a antenna only system. Great value item.Good basic TV
I like itGood
I am very satisified with this 40" sceptre lcd tv....I even set it up myself....it is very user friendly...I feel like I am at the movies....its so easy to operate and understand all the settings...the picture is so good without the hd...I am wondering if I really have to pay the extra $10 a month for the hd connection.....maybe when I am done paying for the tv I will think about it...there is no rush...the objects don't look stretched as I have heard people complain about when it isn't hd....the price was great and so is the picture....I read the reviews about it being good and it is....great tv for the price
this is a great TV. i got it at a great promotion price and the set-up was super easy. i would just recommend that they don't put the TV info stickers and roku connectivity stickers on the screen. i was afraid i would damage the screen getting them off.

tv can swivel to where you're sitting for optimal viewing.

love it and great sizegreat tv
I couldn't imagine a better tv for the priceAmazing Value!
We had a19 inch tv. We had been wanting to upgrade. We could not pass up thus deal.love the tv. Picture sound and everything is perfect.upgrade
I have only owned for a month and so far so good.great tv
I have never heard of this TV; "SCEPTRE" I was inquiring about this TV in Wal-Mart and was told that it is a very good product and couldn't be kept on the shelf because people were buying it very fast until this Wal-Mart does not carry it anymore. You could only purchase it on line; that's what I did; went online and purchased it. Yes, I would recommend this product to a friend. I love the clear High Definition picture and the wide screen. The setup was easy connection to cable. It's beautiful!Beautiful YOu!
great tv, only con is the volume doesn't go super loudgreat tv
Love, love, love this tv, but had to return it because of a minor flaw. Was going to keep it any, but didn't want to regret it down the line. It shipped to my home, but I returned it at my local store. Had to reorder the tv because they do not stock it at the store. All went smoothly with the return. Should receive the new one soon.

Many economical tv's only show you a description of the program you are currently watching. This one has an on screen program guide that let's you scroll the upcoming programs for the channel you are watching. This is an important feature to me, and my main reason for falling for this tv.Love, love, love this tv, but...
great price & picturegreat tv
I bought this TV for my mom it would be her first ever LED TV no more huge TV boxes (ancient tvs), it is thin, weight is light, and it has high quality picture. It has a lot of options... I wished I would of bought this for myself ... I have a brand quality TV which is heavy and has very little options ... The boxing presentation wasn't that great but overall it is a great TVFirst ever LED for my mom
Bought this TV for my husband who is in a nursing home..the swivel Base is perfect as the aides can turn it as he is in bed or up in his chair...this feature is priceless...good picture and nice sound..what a bargain
A great value and the product has more inputs options than I expectedperfect fit for the price
I was skeptical because if the other reviews but for the price it was worth it. Excellent sound & picture quality in my opinion, I would definitely buy another if I ever need toExcellent
I would recommend this tv, its great and at a very low price. My picture is clear and my sound is just right.Awesome Televison
I am loving my new TV.good quality
I bought this tv for the great price and the reviews that I read, I haven't heard of this brand saw that it was American made. I love this tv the picture and color are amazing, i would recommend this tv to all my friends.Great TV for a low price
you get what you pay for.good for the price
I have 3 Sceptre HD TVs (a 32 inch, a 40 inch and a 50 inch) and I made the best investment that money can buy. Spending more does not always guarantee to you the best value.

This is a great product!!For quality and value, the Sceptre HD TV is great
Very good quality for the price, excellent picture for a 39 inch!Smart purchase
I do buy name brands but I'm very pleased with this product for a low price of $317. The picture is bright and vivid in 1080P HD. You do have a few options to pick and adjust for best picture. The sound quality was fine. You get options to pick and adjust for optimal sound but I upgraded and bought a sound bar to increase audio quality.You cannot beat the Price!
Not a major brand , but a very good television for the price I paid.Good television for the price
Had for four days and love it. The sound is not great but that happens with a lot of flat screen tv's and will just add a sound bar. Deliver was very very fast. Ordered last Thursday at 6PM and received Monday morning. Really loving it so far.Beautiful picture
Can't beat this for the pricegreat picture great price
I am not a big technology person so I can't comment on that but for the price, this TV is great! It is really nice when watching HD channels. Easy to set up and great in our small apartment. The price was what sold me and I'm glad I got it!Great deal!
We bought this 40" to replace our worn out 50 inch. We had moved to a smaller house and this size and brand of this tv is an excellent buy for the money. It was easy to set up, picture is clear and it looks great.Great Value for the Money
Love the TV, me being 21 years old this was my first purchased tv and I'm glad it was this!LOVE IT!
This was a Christmas gift for a friend. She is very happy with it so far. Easy to set up. Easy to use.Christmas Gift For A Friend
No more cable for me this picks up 39+ channels in my area from roof antenna. Looks good with PC hooked up. Very Fast Delivery!Good picture connects to roof Antenna, PC , XBOX
I have to be honest here we've hooked up the tv and made sure it worked then put aside because we are doing a kitchen remodel. It worked when I hooked it up, so fingers crossed it will again when it's time to hang it.Great flat screen for the price
Great product and easy shopping. Ordered online and received directly to my door for Christmas. Great picture and great price.Very good product at a great price. Love it
Great picture! Great price! Thanks Walmart!No less than 40 inch will do!
I purchased this TV for my son to play his XBox. He absolutely loves it, and the picture is far better than I expected it to be. I am extremely happy with this purchase and thinking of buying a second one for another room in the house.Great TV for the price!
Quick delivery. Easy to set up. The picture is great. I do not know what more to ask for. Wonderful price!Greater than great for the price
I was looking for a replacement TV for my bedroon (previous TV wouldn't stay on), didnt want to spend alot since i dont use it much. Found this on Walmart.com, never heard of the brand, but it was inexpensive, 40" and 1080. How could i lose. Mounted it to the wall and it is brilliant. 5 stars!wonderful
It set up very easy, we treaked the picture settings and the sound to our liking and with HD , every channel looks beautiful! It's in our office/workout room ( we replaced a 32") and it's perfect for that room! We love it, a real bargain for the price!The Perfect Price for a Awesome 40" TV!
nice tv great sizealforable
Nice look, decent picture. Sound not that good but OK. Most flat panel TVs no better.

Thin bezel style like some of the fancy brands.

Assembly took 5 minutes - 4 screws in the base, 2 batteries into the remote and that's it.

The remote is a full size one.Very Nice TV For the $$s
Sceptre was so good ,I went the same week and got a 50''Sceptre for my son. He loves it if I had to buy a other I would buy Sceptre.Great TV for the money
I only use it for regular TV cable broadcast. I can't say anything about games. I did some research on you tube - do your own. I am moving overseas and I like the fact that it will only need and adapter that goes to the plug. Someone in Kuwait said that still works. Now the sound is not bad but you can barely hear, if you walk away is hard to hear.Good for the money so-far.
This TV is a remarkable bargain. The picture quality is superb. The audio isn't the greatest, but that's usually this case with most TVs today. Easy setup and friendly menu.Great picture quality
Great TV for the money!!!! Bought it on cyber Monday for 211 and some change. Two days later it was at my door. Picture looks great, sound isn't the greatest but it's fine for the bedroom. Highly recommended for the budget friendly.Great Item!!!
Great value for price. Picture cleargreat buy
Good product so far for the price.Good
I really like the TV. It is working fine. My only comment concerns the settings. There are to many. All I need are the screen adjustments. Who needs the extrasBoob's comments
Easy set up and great picture and size for this pricedeal for this price!
Picture is great and for the price you can not beat itPicture great
Just got this TV and it has been great. The Picture is awesome my video games look awesome and the sound is good too. I have been very pleased with this TV at the price.Great non smart Led TV
Great TV for the price! I ordered this online from
Walmart and took advantage of free shipping.
It arrived very fast . TV was easy to get out of the box and
set up was easy. Very much satisfied with this
purchase.Great TV
First time buying from this brand SCPTRE, not disappointed whatsoever. Phenomenal sexy sleek look to it. Hooked it up to my laptop for gaming.. i love it!Awesome TV
Good picture for the price. The only thing I don't like is there is a white squiggly line at the top of the screen which is annoying.Good product for the price
The TV arrived three days within my order placement (for only $5 extra). The TV's picture quality is outstanding and the sound quality is great. I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this TV. The price is extremely reasonable and I expected a certain trade off with regard to the quality of the product but WOW- the product's quality is outstanding, too! I am very pleased with the TV and would definitely recommend it to others:)A real gem- One satisfied customer:)
picture and functions are excellent, especially for the price, would buy another on later for different room. only complaint is that sound was weak, however I was going to put a sound bar with it anyway.excellent picture for the price
I must admit, I can not find any fault with this television. The price was right and it was delivered in one piece. The volume is great, most time I listen with the volume at 3 or 4. I don't a lot of noise. I have had it for probably 3 months. I hope this helps.It's all good
Bought for a friend's b day gift and they love it. Good clean picture and the price was just right.Good starter tv
Set up could be made a little simpler. Would still recommend this brand to anyone.Just what I expected from this company
This is my third Sceptre TV. I had bought two 32" TVs using one in a spare bedroom and the second one to use as a computer monitor. They worked great so I bought this 40" to use with a home theater system in a small bedroom with excellent results. I am pleased with all three as far as performance and especially the price.Exceeded my expectations
fabulous buy. Great Value. Exceeds my expectations for the price!Great TV
Glad we did.Good buy
Great TV! have had a 50 in the living room for about a year, also works perfect!!!Got this 40 for the bedroom.
Pretty good TVGood
This product is an exceptional surprise to me as it's picture & sound quality is as good as my Samsung and Sony HDTVs of same size. The price was much less & a blessing for a house warming present. Great....! The remote is light and easy to use and instructions are easy to follow.Sceptre x405BV-FHDR HDTV 40'
Very good quality, easy to hook up and understand operation . I have two other brands of HDTVs ,32 " Emerson , with problems with the HDMI and no analog audio out put, . the other HDTV is a 27" OLEVIA. was a bit over priced and owners manual hard to understand. the Scepter I feel is the better for the money.very nice HDTV for the money
This is my third Sceptre TV and they have all been great for me. They may not have the best resolution and speed but you just can't beat it for the price.Great TV for the price
I have not had any problems with the TV and the picture is fine. Good value, I think.Good value
Works great. Very clear screen thanks Walmartestreemly nice
Excellent for the price. Meets and exceeds all my expectations.Excellent
I use in my bedroom with an antenna. Out of 51 channels I get I probably watch only 20 regularly but isn't that enough? The picture is good. The sound is fine, you can choose different sounds and I think can adjust each but I don't.
I figure if the larger tv in family room goes out I could move this in til we get another.
My other bedrooms have 32 inch tvs but I think 40 is better.
I bought this one because of the price and I am not sorry. I don't turn it on every day but it's there if I need it.recommended it to my brother
I upgraded from a 32 inch Magnavox with dvd player. This 40 inch scepter is excellent in my opinion. The picture quality is not quite as good using satellite ( dish) as it is with with local HD using an HD antenna, but that's obviously a result of my mixing the 2 inputs together thru a combining switch. If I had something to complain about, it would be the remote having numerous buttons and being awkward to hold, it's long, but I'm getting used to it. All in all, I'm happy with it.excellent choice for budget the minded
Paid $249 for this TV and I am very happy. Picture quality is excellent (HD is HD)! The sound is better than my old TV. This is the perfect bedroom TV, size, price and look of the TV are excellent. I can't say anything negative so far, and I would recommend this TV to anyone looking for a nice TV at a great price.Great TV for the price, better than expected!
I had to wait a few weeks for the tv but it works and the price is right.Good value TV
For the price this TV is a great value the HDTV picture and sound is excellent. Would recommend to everyoneGreat TV great value
Awesome T.V. For the price! Great picture quality and sounds good also. Used mainly for gaming and family movie night. Very happy with this purchase.Bought as a gift, Great value!
This is a great inexpensive tv Love the vga plug. This is my second Sceptre will be buying them again in the future.Great Tv
A few people are complaining about the sound. I think it sounds great. Picture is really crisp. I have purchased this primarily for xbox and sounds are incredible. I would highly recommend this TV or the Sceptre brand. Buy the 4 year warranty for $36 dollars and you are all set! EnjoyReally nice TV for the money
I've had this TV for a few months now. I've had zero problems. The three HDMI ports have come in handy. Since I bought this I've added an input from my computer and a chromecast streaming device to watch movies. The audio volume could be better. I usually listen to movies with wireless headsets, so not a big issue.Great TV.
Good size, light weight & shipped fast.Nice TV
Excellent, picture quality is excellent. Love this productExcellent Tv
It shows clear and has a great picture. I would buy it again.Good Television
Great quality, awesome price -- Sound could be better but for 250 dollars, I can't complain.Septre TV
Great crisp picture....we absolutely love itgreat tv
It's a great tvGreat tv
i place this order on the 18th and got it today at walmarts and was happy with what i saw in the boc hardware one screw driver it was easy to install under the stand it has 3 screw holes to put in there to hold the swivel together nice t v. mine is the sceptre 40" lcd i recommend this over all $rice warranty is 1 yr but it wouldnt hurt to get the 2 or 3 in store protection be safe................i had a sanyo form walmarts i want ever buy another pix ans sound went out on it the 16th i was without a t v not fun fun i did watch my old westerns on you tube on my puter it was ok until i got my t v this week. quality sound picture are great i like the setup on this one than i did on my sanyo much better....................its up the customer and the person what they want i like this t v black and i like the colour...............it had a cleaning cloth i was surprise with all of this im very happy now i have a new t v ..................garyt v man
So far everything about this tv is awesome, picture is great and the sound is really good buy, a sound bar would make it amazing , set up was easyWhat a great picture for the price
I am very pleased with this purchase. The price was very low and the quality is outstanding. I am thinking about purchasing a larger size television of this brand in the future.Great picture
So Tiny but a big picture. Its a great dealSo Tiny,
I'm very happy so far with the TV, I purchased the 32 inch one for my bedroom to see what the product was like, I was very happy so I ordered the 40 inch model for the living room. SO far I'm very happy with the product & the price beats the competition. I couldn't see spending 800 to 900 bucks for a TV. Sound could be better but so far I'm happy.

Not bad to start 2014!This is a great TV for the price, quality of image
I read some of the reviews on here before purchasing this TV. They were right. It's a great TV especially for the price! Great, clear, and bright picture. The sound is good too. I was a little skeptical of purchasing a no name brand but, I figured, what the heck, I've paid a lot more for a name brand and still ended up with low quality that broke long before it should have. So far... I've been very pleased with this TV. Lots of nice features. The only addition I would've like to have seen in this TV, is a built-in wireless device, to connect to my home network. Not everyone uses Cable TV. Maybe the manufacturer will add it to the next model.
Oh and Walmart shipped it out quickly!Very nice LED LCD TV
I am very pleased with this TV. It looks great and the picture is great. It was on sale when I bought it, which made it a great value.

It doesn't support apps like Netflix, Hulu Plus, Pandora, etc., but I have those apps through my Blu-ray player so I didn't need them on my TV.Great TV if you don't need apps
I wish I had upgraded to HD much sooner, but by delaying it, I got a great deal on this TV. I went from a massively-heavy flat-screen tube TV to this one and only look back to be thankful for HDTV.

Picture quality: Very crisp. I see things I never noticed before, such as how much makeup people on TV wear, and if it's not caked on, how much they actually do look their ages.

Sound: I like it. I read a lot of complaints about speakers on HDTVs, but the ones on this TV can get pretty loud. Mind you, if you're going to have a Super Bowl party, patching the sound to a good stereo system or quality soundbar would be better, but for everyday use, I'm happy with the sound on this. There are a few sound profiles available, one of which you can set yourself with an on-screen equaliser.

This may be a "cheap" TV, but I find it to be inexpensive, not cheap. It has more HD inputs than my mother's Samsung Smart TV. Mine may not have Smart TV features, but that's what Roku sticks are for. And, no bloatware! Just great viewing without whistles and bells. I can patch streaming content from my laptop via HDMI cable just fine.

If you look at the overall ratings for this TV when compared to others, you'll notice that this one has far more reviews by comparison, and yet the overall rating is higher. Spectre may not be an advertised brand, but after comparing ratings and visual comparison in store, I bought one of these. I'd happily buy one more for another room in the house if needed.Love it!
I was very surprised by the price of this tv when I got the email ad during cyber week. I read reviews and decided to take a chance on it, and I'm glad I did. The first thing that I noticed when it was delivered was how light the box was. I wasn't sure if that was a good thing or not, but it turned out to be a good thing. Taking out of the box, the first thing I noticed was how sleek and gorgeous it was. A careful inspection showed no signs of shipping damage. The set up was a breeze. I love the swivel stand that comes with it. Registration was easy and no issues with connecting my roku. Over all it's a great purchase. Let's hope I never need to write a review of the warranty service.So far so good!
I did some research before I paid any money. I knew what I was buying. The picture quality really can't be beat.Great Price, Buy, Quality
After growing up with a (seemingly) 10 ton console TV in the late 50's, with a 10 - 12 in screen, to the technology of today... wow. Lightweight, sharp picture, easy to set up and use.Neat TV
Great clarity in picturePicture prefect
I bought it at a very good price and the picture is great.Flat screen
Ever since we installed this TV in the media room, My teens have disappeared. Good thing we didn't put mini fridge in there because they would never leave the room.Missing Teenagers
Got this after reviewing previous reviews, great picture, sound, love the tilt feature, and as a footnote...booklet states "remote uses same codes as SONY"! Just saying if it has the same codes, and works this good, maybe...it's also made by Sony? No other proof, but an amazing coincidence!5 Stars
TV was excellent, very good picture, easy to set up and the price you could not beat. I kept wanting a larger screen tv for my bedroom and this is perfect, replaced a 32 inch I also got at Walmart.I Love Walmart
I bought this TV with very low expectations because the price was so low and the brand name was not familiar, and the fact that it was only 60hz. I have a Samsung plasma and a Vizio 120hz LCD as well and I was pleasantly surprised by the picture quality of this Sceptre, especially with an HD cable box. DVD movie quality is not as nice as HD, but I'm sure a BluRay disc would look excellent. The USB input in the back allows me to scroll through my photo albums right on the TV screen, as well as play music stored on my flash drive. The TV doesn't play video files from the flash drive. I like how lightweight the TV is and the ability to swivel the screen toward me when I'm in another room. The sound quality is not the best, but I expected that. Overall, this is probably one of my best purchases this year.Surprised by how nice this TV really is...
So far I have been very pleased with my TV. I read some of the bad reviews first and was concerned about buying it but I have had it for 3 weeks now and I hope it keeps on working the way it has in that amount of time. I know everyone can get a bad one and I just hope I got a good one. The color is good and contrast good and I am very pleased with all that I have watch with it. Enjoy it a lot. I would say take a chance and buy one of these. Price it right so even the poor person can buy one and enjoy it..Sceptre 40" TV
I read several of the reviews and came to the decision that I was going to buy this for me and my wife as our Christmas present. At a grand total of $350 after taxes, I cannot complain. The sound is great and I have not had any issues with the picture.

From what I read in the other reviews, the TV either came as a lemon or it came working perfectly fine. Knowing that Walmart has a good return policy, I decided to take my chances. If it didn't work I would return it and try again. I used the Site-to-Store shipping, it makes me feel more comfortable knowing that the package won't be sitting on my front porch all afternoon.

This is a top-notch TV.Great TV
I use this TV in the country with an Antenna. I get 23 DIGITAL channels all crystal clear. works great with my DVD and xbox. sound is OK (20ft room) but could be better.x405BV
I was soo pleased with our purchase and I highly recommend this tv! The picture quality rivals the big name brands as does the features. The sound is average, the higher you go the brassier it sounds but in our den the sound is more than adequate. Maybe down the line we will purchase sound bar. In all if you want to take a chance you wont be disappointed or spend your money on a name the choice is yours. If this tv lasts we will have got the steal of the year!!Great flat screen tv
I looked at many brands of TVs before purchasing this Sceptre 40" from Walmart. I read reviews on the brands that I was thinking of buying. I didn't want to spend too much on a TV, but would have bought a more "well known brand" that cost more than this TV if I thought it would be better to do so. I read so many positive reviews on this TV and decided to buy it. It was shipped to my home by Walmart within 3 days after ordering it. It was packed very well in the box and there was absolutely no damage to the TV in the shipping process. I find the picture quality is very good for a TV in this price range. My son in law was very impressed and thought the picture quality was better than his more expensive brand TV that he just bought. The sound quality is excellent and I don't have to have the volume that high at all to hear it well. I would definitely recommend this TV to people that are looking for a good quality LCD HDTV and don't want to spend a lot for one.Sceptre 40" LCD HDTV
Bought on Black Friday and got a very good price. I did my homework and found most Sceptre owners were happy with picture and quality. Like most Flat Screens to get the full effects a sound bar is needed . So far very happy.First Flat Screen
I have only had this T.V. for about a week so things may change over time but, so far I am well pleased with it, especially considering that it is a 40" model including Walmart's 4 year repair or replacement warranty for less than $350.00 delivered to my front door. I did purchase the 4 year Walmart warranty for $36.00.That's a buy!
I read the reviews before I bought it and was pleasantly surprised. Appearance is good. Picture quality is great, no complaints at al there. Controls could be better but are quite good for an inexpensive set. Volume button does not control external speakers is my main complaint here. If you purchase Sceptre's soundbar there is a volume control for it on the bottom of the remote. It does have controls on the side of it as well as on the remote. Kudos for that!
Audio is about what I expected after reading the reviews. Not the best but certainly not terrible. Seems to be the norm for these flat screens in general. I would suggest that the manufacturers eliminate the internal speakers and include the soundbar. I am 66 years old and have hearing problems but in my living area #14' x 20# I can hear it and understand it better than some of the better quality older T.V.s that I have had. In a large open area it might not be adequate without some sort of amplification. I am not dissatisfied considering the price. I could live with it just fine but plan to get their soundbar for it anyway, It is currently on sale at Walmart for only $59.88. Can't hardly afford not to buy that.
For Gamers or people expecting super high performance I would probably suggest buying a higher priced set.
I had it delivered to my home and everything went very well. Got it in less than 5 Days by UPS and it arrived in excellent condition.
Overall I think it is a very good buy and got more than I really expected for the price. Hope you have the same experience.Really good buy for an aveerage performance T.V !!
I Love This TV! Great Price and Great Picture ! Espcially good graphics on the PS4. Very simple to get setup!Best TV ever!
I'm very satisfied wih my new TV. Good value for the money.Nice tv
After a little adjusting the picture was absolutely incredible, far greater than I imagined for a TV under $400. The screen is plenty big enough for the room a have it in. My son and girlfriend love it too.Incredible value!
Great sound and picture....love this tv and would buy this brand again!!Nice tv for the money
This TV was very easy to hook up. The 4HDMI hookups along with the vga (if you want to use it for a computer monitor) make it a very versital TV. The remote is easy to use. The only issue I have with it was when using my HD Direct TV remote, the remote does not work as well as my other TV with the same remote. In order to change the sound I have to press the mute button first. There are also issues with it turning off with my Direct TV remote. It takes a couple of trys, but it does work. Otherwise it is a great TV with a better than I expected picture. It was shipped to me very quickly. From the time I purchased it on line, I had it set up and working in five days.Very nice TV for the money.
Exceptional quality for the price.More bang for the buck!!!!
Was definitely a good buy love itI love it
I bought this TV for the master bedroom. The picture quality is superior. Have not had it for very long but if it doesn't come up with any unexpected problems, I will be very pleased. The picture compares well to our larger Samsung.This TV exceeded my expectations.
I got this for my husband. I read all the reviews and this one had all good ones. I can not be happier! The color is great and the sound is awesome for our size room. I would highly recommend this to friends. Good quality and great price.Great buy!
So far, so good. The sound isn't the greatest, it's seems to fade at times but overall, I am satisfied. At least 1 month in!!good value for the price
i would recommend this product to anyone looking for a big screen tvnice product for the price
when i got my t v i was surprise everythang was in the box package nicely and neat even i got hardware screwdriver i didnt get that with my sanyo back in 09. i like this brand. i would recommend this to any one oit there. it has the in store 90 day and 1 yr warranty on the unit and i go the 3 yr in store warranty which its nice to get it doesnt cost much i think mind was like $29.99 and tx. i had a sanyo pic and sound went out on it back last month warranty out and the in store also. i like the setup on it simple easy ports r easy to see flip it up on its side face down it has a indicator strip on the back underneath it gives the port indicators which is much easier its like 1 2 3 and your done...........................5 rated star for you people out there they havnt been round since 1980 i think but if this t v holds and i get my moneys worth i would buy another 1ne their going at it in a good way puttin out nice electronics ^._.^ , garyt v man
Best Vale for a 40 inch LED HDTV without breaing the bank....Best Vale for a 40 inch LED HDTV!!!
Great tv, glad I got it. The only problem is that I had to get a 2 way splitter to hook up my wii and surround sound system. Neither one uses hdmi for their hookup. Other than that a great TV.Great tv for the price!!
I bought my first sceptre after trying to buy several refurbished through walmart , 2 came in one screen broke the other kept turning off so I bought this one, great bang for the buck. I bought a second one as my 86 year old father was struggling to see his 32 inch flat screen so my wife and I bought him this one, at first take it back I don't need it, now he can't stop watching it and showing it off to his friends, greta tv.second one
bought it for my bedroom it works great great picture and sound!!great!!
Bought this for a gift , they report they love it.good pics
Good price to !!!Very good
I am very pleased with this TV. Its a great deal for the price. Unbeatable, as far as I know. It has many features a higher priced TV would have. Appreciate the swivel stand. And as always, you can not beat Wal-Mart's ship to store. It is always quick, efficient, and at no cost. I have used it a number of times with good results.best value for the buck
First, ordering online is so simple. Second, the Site to Store was a great expierence. I was helped right away, and an employee loaded my TV into my car. Third, setting it up was a breeze. Fourth, hooking up other components to it took no time, everything is clearly marked in the back.

The picture is very crisp. My son in law said "WHOA!!" when he saw the picture. He was super impressed and he has a name brand, much more expensive TV. The sound and volume is a big plus on this particular model. It was one of the reasons I picked it. I've experienced some of the TV's that you can't hear anything unless it is turned up to 38! I read too many reviews on other TV's that the volume was terrible and you had to purchase speakers to enjoy the TV. Not this one. It can stand alone in my livingroom. The ability to swivel the screen is nice as well.

The remote has alot of options you can choose from. Screen widths, clarity and color and much more. Oh, did I mention how lite it is?

So, yes I am happy with my purchase and I would recommend this model to my friends and family. Thanks WALMART!!Beyond my expectations!
This TV was a great buy, IT was easy to set up and the picture was clear, vivid colors, and east to navigate with the remote control. The TV was sturdy and very durable. You can't beat the $229. price.SCEPTRE X405BV FHDR 40 LED Class 1080P
I would recommend this TV to everyone. Low price ,great picture, slim design.Great picture,easy setup ,light weight
I have 2 of these, both purchased in Sept. Both are working fine and I'm quite pleased with them. Picture is excellent. Audio is fine. I rated the sound quality as average because it seems to be average. nothing better or worse then what i would have expected. i would recommend this TV to anyone and for the price, you can't beat it. My ONLY complaint is there needs to be a button on the remote for HDMI. I have a magnavox DVR hooked up to the tv via HDMI and everytime i want to switch to view through the dvr box, i have to press the "source" button, scroll down to the HDMI input and select. Its a minor gripe, i know, but still....why not just put a button on the remote that would take you directly to the HDMI input for simple switching back and forth. if the remote had that, this TV would be a perfect 10!Great TV. worth the money
Worked great. No issues yet.Simplicity
Meets more than I hoped for. Superior picture, sound, features at am amazing price. My first 1081 and I am sorry I waited so long to get one. This tv is exceptional.WOW
Excellent picture quality!
Swivel base is great!
I would definitely purchase another SCEPTRE!!!Great TV
This tv is a great value for the money! It's light enough to lift out of the box, and the picture is great! An awesome value!Awesome Picture!
This works great for my families needs! It's a great tv. The sound quality is good and have 3 HDMI's. Easy to set up with a surround system. I would recommend.Great TV!
Tv has a solid picture, great selection of inputs, quick tuner, and at an awesome priceGreat for the price
This will be the 5th time I've ordered the 40" SPECTRE TV. Have had my original for a few years. Got one initially for me then have ordered them for my family and friends since they like mine especially the price. In total we have 9 years of total use on these TV's and have never had to have one returned or fixed. The only issue on all the sets was a couple dead pixels showing up on my TV after 2 yrs. My original is super energy efficient using 60 watts total power, actually ran it and my cable box on a small 100 w inverter when the power was out. Just hope we have as good of luck with this newer one.Great dependable TV for a super price
this is a great bang for your buck. it's not a sony, samsung or any high rated brand, but I honestly cannot tell the difference and would highly recommend it to anybody who wants a 40" LCD.awesome setup
My old tv died so I read all the reviews. I trusted them and made the purchase. It came in less then a week. I also got the exstended warrany. Everything was about $500. You cant beat this! The picture and sound are "GREAT" we love it! I dont have H.D. but still is better then some of the big names. Hookup was easy and for this "Couch Potato" I am very happy. I just want to thank the people that wrote the reviews. That was all it took and now we just sit back and enjoy! Happy in the hills of West Virginia!!Awsome!
I had never heard of this brand before but the reviews from other customers made me confident in my decision to buy this tv. It is so nice and amazing for the price paid. I am very happy with my new tv, I love it!Such a good deal!
This is a great tv for its value. The picture quality is great, it has very good resolution, the colors are true and the sound is good. We got this tv delivered site-to-store, so the service was very good, too. We just got this tv a few days ago, so we'll see how it performs over time. But for now, it's performing great for the price.great value
Because this was a brand I had never purchased and the price was so low I was a little leery, but the set is excellent. I do not have cable in the room where the TV is but I get excellent reception with a $20.00 Indoor antenna.Excellent TV for the price
This TV has a fantastic picture and I like the fact it is so user friendly.Great Item.
I couldn't ask for a better value. The only problem I have with the tv is the sound isn't fantastic by itself. However I have plugged it into a set of external speakers which totally fixes the problem. The picture looks great and it has 4 HDMI ports which is awesome. The only reason it is priced so low as far as I can tell is that it is made by an off brand company. The complaints I have read mostly deal with the ship to store which really isn't a knock on the product, it is a knock on whoever ships the product. Mine arrived safely and on time so I have no real complaints.This is a great value!
Sound is super, features menu is easy to learn and use, picture quality is very good. This TV is an excellent buy! For someone not wanting to spend a lot but wanting a high quality TV, I would highly recommend this TV. Only downside is that the colors in the picture appear somewhat washed out. Otherwise, an excellent product for the price!Excellent product for the money!
Made my TV watching more enjoyableMrs
We purchased 4 of these TV's for our mom and pop motel. The TV's offer excellent quality for our motel needs and are offered at a reasonable price. Most people are not on vacation to watch TV so any better quality would be wasted for our needs. Also received free shipping which can not be beat.Great TV's for the Price
I am very pleasantly surprised by this purchase. Not only was the price wonderful, but the picture quality is great. The picture seems to be a little dark, but as soon as I have time to mess with the settings, I will probably get it all figured out.
Best value for the money, I have found in a long time...Thank you Wal Mart....Nice TV!
I purchased this tv for my son for Christmas. He loves the quality of the picture. I love the price I paid. $259 plus tax. Free shipping and arrived two days after I put the order in. You cannot beat the price and speed and as I mentioned my son loves the quality, and also the ease of setting it up. I would definitely recommend this product.Star of the Show
Great picture, value without the hassle of battling the malls.Omgosh
For a 40 inch LED at this price can't complain. Picture is great and the sound is good. I have seen in other reviews that people complained about sound but there are features that allow you to adjust to you own liking, specifically the equalizer which you don't find on many TV's . The real proof will be in how long it last, since we just got this time will tell. My first flat screen was a Plasma and lasted 14yrs. so the bar is set.Excellent for the price.
Bought this as a gift for mother-in-law for Christmas. No bells and whistles, just a good basic value priced 40" HDTV for her bedroom. Gorgeous picture, right out of the box, needed no tweaking! Sound can be made much better with a few adjustments. Very happy with this product. May consider a larger Sceptre for our porch bases onto is purchase.Excellent value!
Very Happy with TV. I bought it to mount in my motorhome. I hung it on the wall, turned it on and it worked great. The picture is sharp and the menu is easy to understand, even as a Senior Citizen I was able to figure it out. I would recommend this product to anyone. I forgot, it came in less than a week with no shipping charges. The packaging was excellent.Great Buy!
I bought this TV for my grandsons for them to play their video games on & they are delighted with the quality. It meets all of their needs & was a great buy. No complaints.Great Buy
I was a little skeptical when picking this TV because of the off brand name. But it has turned out to be really great quality picture, very sturdy, and just overall a great deal. I would definitely love to buy another one.Great Price for a Great TV
Easy to set up, looks great! We have had it for several weeks and had no problems. Hope it continues to be as good as it seems to be!Great TV, Great Value!
I really love my tv!Great
We love it. We will likely buy a second one for my son's room.Really good for the price!
I bought this tv on a whim. It was on sale for black Friday. While waiting for this TVto be shipped to me, Ihad been reading reviews on it in anticipation for its arrival. When Ifinally received my TV, ( which only took 5 days) Iwas so pleasantly surprised at its quality. The picture itself is so sharp and clear . I wasn'tvery iimpressed with the quality of the speakers, but once u turn the surround sound off, they are much better. Overall this TV was well worth the price. Very happybetter than expected!
I bought this tv for our bedroom (16x15). I shopped around for about a month. Checked prices and reviews. This one came out on top in both. It is great. Don't be scared because of the non-brand name. Very good picture quality. OK sound, but who cares, it's the bedroom. Awesome price. I used the site to store option and the tv arrived two days before the estimated arrival date. I'm thinking of getting one for the playroom.Great TV for the Bedroom
My husband and I needed a new tv, our old one was not working properly and would have cost more to fix than it was worth, but we didn't have a lot of money to spend on it. We were able to purchase this one for less than $370.00 after tax and shipping, great value for the product. The picture looks great, and though the sound quality is not fantastic, it's still good enough for what we need. I guess if we ever need anything better on sound quality, we can just hook up some speakers.i love this tv
Excellent for the money.Great value and nice size.
Great pics easy setupWow
I shopped the web for a low-cost 40" LCD flat screen TV. This was the lowest cost offer with positive reviews. It arrived quickly in perfect condition. The picture looks great. A nice feature (since I don't have a DVR): it has a setup feature to discover all the TV channels.

This TV has 4 HDMI inputs, as well as the coax, component, composite and VGA inputs.

The built-in speakers sometimes sound slightly distorted with certain movies, so I tweaked the EQ (reduced the bass) and now it's fine. In addition, it has digital audio out and analog audio out to feed external speakers, as well as a headphone (mini) jack.

Finally, it has a USB port for displaying digital photos or playing MP3 audio. I feel this is a lot of functionality for $348!Great value and no problems
Great price. Fast shipping. Easy to install. I have the tv hooked up to regular cable with no HD and it still looks great. I am Very happy with this purchase.Good Deal
I love my tv. I was so excited when it came in. I watched as it was pulled off the Walmart truck and said thats mine!!! Got it home and hooked it up and I love it! For the features it has and the price that it was $319 (associate discount) I am very satisfied. I bought the three year warranty just in-case. Don't be afraid with the brand name. They have made great computer monitors for years. And their tvs are great. This is my second Sceptre tv and I can't be happier. Can you tell I am happy?Great price!!
Have nothing to complain about :)Great Purchase
I've had the TV for about 3 weeks now and I have to say I'm very pleased. I read some of the reviews, was marginally worried about the obscure brand name but decided to give it a shot because of the price and have no complaints so far. The picture quality especially on HD channels is crisp and clear, the sound is good I haven't noticed any issues with sound.
Note: I have satellite reception for TV and the remote codes follow Sony configuration and is working great.So far so good.
for this price the tv is exceptional....great product
Has all the bells and whistles of flat screens that are 3-4 times the price. Picture quality is sharp. Although sound quality is reasonable, internal speakers are in back of unit so that you have to really increase the volume to get full effect. I use rabbit-ears antenna and HD picture quality is better than cable (for TV stations that tranmit HD). Can use as monitor for computer through HDMI and watch movies from internet, dvd and blue-ray. I ordered this TV on the internet on Friday and had it by Tuesday of the following week. I'm very satisfied.Great TV
Everything is as stated in ad. Great TV, Great price. Wish the sound was a little better.Great product - Fantastic price.
1st one was broken-- returned and bought another-- great producttv
Incredible value! Wouldn't buy elsewhere. Perfect.Best TV
I am really happy with my producthuge tv, this was my first time buying online
Excellent TV (40 inch) for the price!!! I bought two for my kids and would reccommend this product easily to anyone!!! Great Value! Great Price!Sceptre TV
Wanted a tv with good picture to take to college and found this one. I read that the sound wasn't great but the picture makes it worth it, and indeed it did. Picture looks awesome in hd and playing high def video games! The only bad part is the speakers can't handle much bass and gets distorted when loud, so I'd recommend buying some speakers with it. But over all great buy for the price!Picture is amazing for the price but not the sound
Good picture and good priceGreat
This TV has a nice clear picture. Was looking for a TV for a condo I was furnishing and this TV was excellent.Great TV
I love the tv it was so easy to hook up.Awesome
This is a great TV for this low price. Great colors, sharp picture, multiple input options. Can't be beat at this price. Liked it so much, ordered another the next day.FEATURE RICH - LOW PRICE
Beautiful picture, I couldn't ask for more.It's a very good buy
I am using this a a computer monitor at 1080p. So far it has been flawless. For the price I paid for it, you can't go wrong !A lot of bang for the buck
A fantastic buy. Good value at an affordable price!
I have not yet detected any technical issues whatsoever.SCEPTRE HDTV: One to buy!
The only problem with this TV is time warner cable has no code for this brand, so i have to use two remote controls because i can't turn the sound up with my DVR remote controlvery good picture
I was finally upgrading from a 19" to a large screen HDTV but couldn't justify spending $500 or above at this time. Reading the many, many, great reviews for this brand on both Walmart and Amazon websites I finally decided on this model and am very happy. The picture is unbelievable, with scenery shots I feel like I am right there! I can make color, tint, contrast, etc. all to my personal preferences. The sound and features are good but sometimes you get what you pay for. The swivel stand scores really high with me and I love the sleek look of the unit. Cost less than $300, free shipping to my home, by Federal Express no less. Once I got it out of the box (needed help with that), it was so easy to connect to my cable box and DVD and Wii.Great TV; Great Price
it woks goodeverthing is good
Great picture qualityGreat picture quality
great product, great value, was delivered fast!!!great product, great value
Really pleased with this TV. I was a little concerned about buying a TV brand I have never seen. A 40"TV for only $299 was worth looking into. After checking out all the reviews I though I would try it. When I need another TV, I will not hesitate to buy another Sceptre. The picture is excellent. After a few adjustments with the sound it is OK.Great tv for the price.
Cannot complain, have had no problems. Great item!Great!
I am very pleased with this TV. I also own a 40" Sony Bravia and while there is a small difference in picture quality, I'm not convinced the difference is worth $200. The Sony is a top quality product at a reasonable price, but the Septre is a good quality product at an exceptional price. It fits the bill for what I needed.Very good value
Wanted a TV to put on patio of new house. Glad I checked Walmart.com ship to store.

I don't see a brand name; just a great picture. Got the 3 yr warranty for $28 since this is being used for outside use.

So far so good. What a value.Buy it
Good pic easy to set up. The sound is not the best in the work but that OK. Would buy one againGreat TV for the price
Great TV for the price! Beyond my expectations. Easy setup, great quality!Great TV
Its a great price for the size, great qualitygreat tv, loved it
fantastic color and everything about it great.i had to go out and buy an hdmi cable for it because it wouldnt come on but other than that i love it!!!!best tv i ever had.great tv for the money
This TV was my only Black Friday purchase. And it was a great deal.
The picture quality exceeds my expectations. I love the fact that the picture specs can be changed depending on what is being watched; ie: movies, widescreen, etc. It is very user friendly.EXCEEDED EXPECTATIONS
Best value and great picture! I'm buying a smaller one soon for my bedroom.
Buy it you'll love it also.Great TV I love it!
Needed a new tv for bedroom and wanted something a little bigger.
This worked great.Great tv for the price
Easy to assemble and hook up. The picture is great. We are pleased with this purchase. Good value for the money.Great product for a great price
MY HUSBAND BROUGHT THIS PRODUCT FOR ME. I HAVE WANTED A FLAT SCREEN TV EVERY SINCE THEY CAME OUT.BUT THEY COST TO MUCH. WE HAVEN;T NEVER HEARD OF THIS BRAND. DIDN;T KNOW IF IT WOULD BE ANY GOOD BUT FOR THE PRICE WE GAVE THEM A CHANCE. THIS TV IS GREAT HAD NO PROBLEMS OUT OF IT. THE PICTURED IT SO CLEAR AND THE SOUND IS GREAT SEEMS LIKE YOU ARE AT THE MOVIES. IT WAS SO EASY TO SET UP. WENT ON AMAZON AND THIS SAME TV COST MORE. SO WE GOT A BETTER BUY AT WAL-MART. IF YOU WANT TO BUY A GOOD FLAT SCREEN TV GIVE THIS ONE A TRY. YOU WILL SEE HOW GOOD IT IS.love this tv
THE PICTURE IS EXCELLENT.GREAT TV FOR THE PRICE
Picture is great, setup was easy. Read reviews about sound quality being bad. The sound quality is better than the Insignia that it replaced.value for the money
We are very simple people/ not tech savvy and this really meets our needsGreat low cost tv
After a few weeks, this TV seems to be a great buy. Nice picture, sound and the metal brush bezel around the edges looks very sleek. I would recommend this to anyone!Great price for the quality and size
Excellant buy for the priceExcellant
The picture is very sharp, I was Impressed.This is a nice TV for the price.
I bought this tv for my daughter for christmas and she loves it. The picture quality is great. She said the sound isn't bad, but you have to have the volume turned way up. She is planning on getting a surround sound system anyway so she doesn't mind for now. Well worth it for the bargain price I paid.Great tv for the price!
Excellent price, picture is flawless, perfect sizeCompletely happy with this purchase
Out of the box great deal! Easy set up, great picture AND great sound! Was worried after reading other reviews that the sound would be poor quality, but it's definitely NOT!! Using it for gaming and PC and it's more than I expected!! Very pleased!!Great!
Great Value for the price!! I love my new TV in my bedroom. It has a awesome picture on the 40" inch screen!!Great Value for the price!!
best tv i ever owned. puts the sony bravia to shame. turn off energy saver and enjoy. plenty of sound options to customize. looks like HD to me and i don't even subscribe to HD . had a septre monitor before so i was familiar with the name. tv is all about the picture and this one is outstandingoutstanding
This is my 4th Sceptre Tv . They all have a great picture . They are somewhat less in the sound department tho still acceptable . While not a "smart" Tv it is set up for a ROKU stick which overcomes that at a bargain price . Another neat add on is a Sceptre soundbar which greatly improves the sound and can be controlled with the tv remote . Oh , did I mention the great price thru Walmart.com saved me enough money compared to Tiger-Direct to purchase the Roku , the soundbar and a three yr. warranty . What's not to love ?Good TV , Great Value !This
Like others, I was somewhat hesitant to buy an off brand product, but other reviews gave me confidence. Glad I listened as this TV is wonderful. Could not be more pleased. Would definitely buy again.Excellent product
Excellent TV for the cost! So far, so great. Great price and quality~Sceptre 40"
I am please with the HDTVExcellent HDTV
before we bought it we reviewed it online and was very happy with the comments; we love it and would recommend to this product to others;we just bought this awesome TV- reviewed it online
The TV was simple to set up and adjust. Picture way above expectations and sound is totally acceptable. Using it in my bedroom and thinking about buying another one for the family room. Outstanding value for the money.Never heard of Sceptre, definite keeper.
nonegreat
I ordered the TV online, and it was shipped standard in 3 days. It was easy to set up, it looks great with my PS 3. This is my first HD tv, so I'm a bit of a newbie, but it's perfect for me !Great TV for newbie, easy set-up, nice for gaming
We are really happy that we are enjoying a 40" LCD screen for only $350. Quality is great and I we haven't had a single problem with it. We were a little hesitant at the beginning since we had never heard of the brand before... however, we read the reviews from other buyers and they were all positive, so we decided to give it a try... good decision!great product, no complaints
We love this TV. We didn't have any problems setting it up, programming the remote, etc. The picture quality is excellent. If I had to find any negative, it would be that on some movies, the sound is just not quite loud enough but for most shows, it's perfect. I would definitely recommend this. It shipped fast, arrived in perfect condition, and was a great value for the price.Excellent Value. Would highly recommend.
I bought my girlfriend a Sceptre 40" Class LCD 1080p 60Hz HDTV. Great picture, the remote is easy to use and the sound is excellent. Super value.Nice hdtv for the price
I use this TV as a slide show display at Art Shows with my pet jewelry. For the money it is Incredible! I run it off of a deep cycle battery and a small inverter for several hours at outside venues. Picture quality is superb and my husband is impressed with the sound as well. Well Done Wal Mart!!! Pet lovers check us out on Etsy under "Animal Whimsey" or see my website at www.donnapizarro.com We are thinking about buying a couple more of these as well as a 50" model when they are available again online. We bought this sight unseen and wouldn't hesitate to do it again...Superb value AND quality!!!
If you want a high def tv plain and simple 1080 60h... This the one for you. Best Price TooPretty Good
I have only had this tv less then a week, but so far it has been great. Good picture, ok sound, and the price was good.so far, so good
Great TV Good valueGreat TV Good value
This tv is amazing for the price. It's better then I ever could've expected, and its huge, so happy!!!great tv for the price
great buygreat buy
My 18yr old son plays video games on it also & he raves about the picture quality. He changed settings to make it what he wanted and he is very happy with it....and he is hard to please.Great TV Great price
For the amount I paid, this TV is a great deal. I don't need all the bells & whistles of the name brands. I only wanted a solid HD TV for our bedroom and this TV delivers.Great value
I bought this T.V for my sister and her family for Christmas. They only use the family room T.V for viewing. They do not hook computers up to it or need wi-fi for any reason. It was extremely easy to set up and hook up the cable. They love the picture and sound. They have been very pleased and tell me daily how great it is.Great T.V for the cost.
I love it so far!Greatful to get a great price of $249.00
Ordered this TV on Thanksgiving Day and it arrived on Saturday. The picture is as good as any top brand. A previous review stated that the sound was fine after adjusting it, absolutely true. If you have an issue with the sound you did it wrong. Great TV, will end up buying another for the other room when that TV needs replaced.Great TV for the price
This TV was easy to set up and the picture and sound quality is fantastic. Very slim and lightweight. Get buy for the price. Thank you Walmart.Great TV
Have had it only 2 weeks but so far excellent

. . . The sound is not quite up to par -- but then, that is a default on ALL flat screens. Easily handled "problem".

Love the small amount of space it takes up and enjoying the fact that Comcast finally has codes for Sceptre . . .

Have had a Sceptre 24" for 2 & 1/2 years with no problems except Comcast code . . . (OK so I added a small set of computer speakers . . . LOL)So Far -- Excellent
Great price with really good quality picture. Love it!Exceptional deal!!
THe price and the picture quality is great. I loved it so much I bought the 50in alsoLOVE this tv
I would recommend this TV it has a beautiful picture.excellent picture
We got this Sceptre TV for my folks as a replacement for a tv that had died. The slim fit and light weight of it is perfect for them, for possibly needing to move it around without help at some point. The picture is good and the sound as well. We got a good deal on it and had it shipped to the house for free and that was even better, considering it was a big convenience to my elderly parents to have it brought to the door. Overall, we would recommend the tv to friends.......though we have only had it now for about 14 days, it is definitely meeting expectations.Replacement for a tv that died
Very happyGreat tv for the value!
Everything is good. However it surprised me with its width. Maybe too wide for my opinion.
Many port types provides various connections, which is convenient.
Enjoy it with an additional protection.16:9 looks wide
Since I've typed two very detailed positive reviews and the webpage keeps freezing and losing it, I'm making it short and sweet: Great tv for the money, It doesn't compare to a $2k-$3k tv, but it's not designed to, it's an entry level budget tv, but it's a good one at that. I'd recommend it.Great value tv
My best purchase!Love it!
This TV meets all my expectations. Great picture, sound and price.Great product
After we got it installed we couldn't get all our Dish channels. So we call Dish they came & fixed it. It was there HD receiver that had gone bad. So for the only down side is the sound of the sound. We will need to get a speaker bar so we can tailor the sound to our liking. All in all it is a great TVGreat Price
I was surprised by the quality of the picture especially for the price. The sound isn't great, but is not bad. The internal clock runs an hour off and I haven't taken time to figure out if that can be fixed. The only other complaint I have is in the guide. It only gives you info for the channel it is tuned to and not a grid of all channels available. This is just for regular antenna TV. Overall, I am very pleased with this purchase and would definitely buy again.Wonderful TV for wonderful price!
This is the second one I have bought as good as the first.Good T.V. for the price
The picture quality is great and so are the features. I would recommend this TV to anyone.great tv for the money
Never had a flat screen or hd till now. The picture is perfect and the sound unlike previous reviews gets quite loud. Everything from where the USB port is to the stand and capability of turning it in whatever direction at ease is great! I would highly recommend this tv! I've only had it for a few weeks now but impressed overall. Looks better then my moms more expensive brand name tv.Amazing deal!!!
This is an excellent set. I simply had to ensure that my cable connections were tight. Once I did so the picture and sound were perfect.EXCELLENT HDTV
I love it 100% and 249.00 plus it came the day after thanksgiving. Great all aroundGREAT
i HAVE 4 OTHER FLAT SCREENS AND THIS IS RIGHT RIGHT UP THERE WITH THE PICTURE ALSO CAME ALOT FASTER THEN THEY SAID TOO EASY TO PUT BASE ON ALSO WISH I WOULD OF BOUGHT TWO AT THE PRICEGREAT FLAT SCREEN FOR THE MONEY
yes i recomend this tv, very good price .exelent, this is my second tv on this brand
Shipping was quick and fast thank you WalmartIs a great television I recommend
Perfect tv for my sons room. He loves it.Great tv. Perfect price.
The SCEPTRE LED HDTV was a steal on Thanksgiving night and worth working off the pie!! Even after the sale was over this TV is well worth the small price for the clarity and HD that this TV offers. This is a brand that we will look for in the future and purchase. The sleek and brush metal accent fits in the decor perfectly and doesn't detract from the look of the room.An Upgraded picture and sound that is affordable!!
have had the tv for about a week now its great, good picture and soundgreat tv
Had the tv over a year . Didnt like it at first but then got hd comcast and the picture is crisp clean . Works great . Good bargain would recomend this tv if your looking for a gd buy and cheap this is it .Great Tv with hi-def cable
I am a college student who doesn't have a lot of money. Picked this up for $249 thinking it would just be an average TV. I can't tell any difference in the picture quality from my parents top of the line Samsung TVs which they paid over $1000 each for. I play games and watch TV on it and the pictures are crisp and the color is great. Highly, highly recommend this!!For the price, you cannot beat this quality
I must say my other Sceptre died within 3 years and I was not happy about that. However, the newer ones have a different backlight and the picture is wonderful. So, even though the old one did not last long I am happy to have this one with the better picture. These TVs are good for the money.Great picture.
I know Sceptre LCD monitor products. So I am not surprised of the picture quality of this TV. Of course, many would say that higher end TVs are better and they are probably right are but for the price of this TV (sub $260 range), you can't beat it.

Great for kids or secondary TV and it's got the HDMI and VGA inputs for kids games and to use as a computer monitor.Can't Go Wrong!
I read previews before purchasing. All positive reviews were on target.
I easily set up Cable Box to TV.
TV appearance, picture, and sound are all good.Great product for the price.
This TV rocks! The picture is gorgeous, Bright and sharp.. Easily as good as the higher priced well known name brands , The sound is also good, but may add a theater system, later, have no idea , how reliable this brand is, but would highly recomend itA BIG bang for your buck
Major upgrade for my 82 year old mother-in-law. She loves it!!!!Gift for Mother-in-Law
GREAT PRICE, CRISP PICTURE AND LIGHT FLAT SCREENA GREEN
I was a little skeptical about buying this brand of tv, but I couldn't pass up the GREAT price I got it for on black Friday. This tv gets excellent picture and the sound quality is amazing!! The set up easy and looks gre at in my bedroom!! Looking for a bigger one for my living room.Great product for the price!
it exceided my expection by Far,,
the picture is Great and it sounds good also,Great wait til u get it and turn it on
The product was an excellent value for the price. This is our second television purchase on line from Walmart in the last. two months. The first was delivered to our home and this was a store pickup and both were very satisfactory. Would do it againThe product was an excllent value
I was looking for a new tv for my son and his new xbox - this one turned out to be perfect! He is very happy with the picture quality and all the features - and best of all - it did not break the bank (he used money from his summer job to pay for it)great option for our spare room
purchased as a gift for my daughter and son in law. so far so good, they say picture quality and sound very good. packaged very well with no damage. easy set up, up and running out of the box in 10 minutes. we will see how this holds up down the road.good value
I bought this tv when it was on sale and I absolutely love it. The picture is beautiful and the sound is pretty good. I definitely would recommend this.fantastic!
Got this and the 39" Sanyo. This Septer had a better picture, was $100 less had more hdmi imputes. Has an audio out jack for my bose so I can direct the sound. I found speakers on unit to be fine, but in an apartment down facing and rear speakers not the best for neighbors.

Picture much better on this. Comes with batteries, arrived in much less time than said. Overall very happy. Much better experience than the Sanyo I got at the store.Great TV better than the Sanyo
Television is sleek, light weight and the audio does not require additional speakers unless you just want to add them. This is a Master Bedroom tv. You will have to add your own HDMI for HD which was not a problem. Only wish it had a wake up timer feature but I am only used to it because my other tv had the feature. This is something you can work around. For the price, it is an excellent tv ....so far.Great TV
Can't go wrong for the price paid. I really wanted a smart t.v., but, this t.v. with a smart blue-ray player was hundreds less. Sound output leaves room for improvement, but, televisions generally don't have great audio quality. Plenty of connections.Nice t.v.
Excellent TV for the price.Great value at a low price
Fellow Wallyworld shoppers, this TV is a great deal! It's hard to beat WalMart for anything but this TV is well worth the money. I waited since Christmas to open it always looking for a better deal anyplace, never found one so go to the store and check it out.What a great deal! $298. for a 40''
What a great tv for the price.Love it !!
The HD picture quality is excellent! Very bright. Great color.
The sound could be better. Small little speakers for a big screen. We bought a sound bar and now we have some great sound too!GREAT picture quality. Easy setup
Great product.Great TV.
I received this for Christmas to replace a Westinghouse LED TV that cost more and broke about 18 months after purchase. I learned that it is probably wise to buy an extended warranty. This was by far the best TV for the money It got it and a 4 year warranty for under $300. The TV meets all of my expectations for TV in my bedroom. It was easy to hookup, it worked directly out of the box with no complications, the code for use with my cable box was listed in the Comcast manual. it was a good experience.Nice TV, Great Value
Like looking at a glossy photo!Like looking at a glossy photo!
I barely had to set anything up. I plug it in, and it worked like a charm. The picture-color-sound is very good, and 40' is just perfect for the bedroom.Great TV
Great product for price!!!Great Product for price
Excellent product, quality, performance, etc. No optical connection, but otherwise great! This is my third Sceptre, very pleased. The surround isn't as shiney as shown, a bit darker. Overall very satisfied. UPS destroyed the first one before it ever got to me, cusomer service helped to rush another to me. A+My third Sceptre now.
Can't ask for more. My second buy with same brand. $249 for LED Tv. what else you want.Loved it.
much nicer than expected, lots of inputs, I hooked up a cable box, older DVD, much older VCR and regular stereo with no problems. The audio is not too good but that's totally acceptable considering what you do get. Also, the remote is kind of cheesy but everything works on it, altho it would be nice if it had illuminated buttons. Bottom line is that I'm very happy with this purchase.Excellent deal on an LED TV
Bought this for my son for Christmas. I ordered it to be shipped directly to my home. Couldn't believe it when it arrived two days after placing order!Very good tv for the price!
I bought the 40' Sceptre TV to replace my old sylvania. There were some bad reviews on the sound quality on the Sceptre TV, but since the price was great I decided to chance it. When it arrived I quickly swapped out this TV for my old one in less than 10 minutes. Set up was a breeze, and the sound quality is good. I would definitely recommend this TV to my friends, and family.Awesome TV, great price.
This TV is surprisingly good. Picture quality is great.Great TV
TV was all that i expected. Sound as i expected from reviews I read,but as I've been told by friends and reviewers alike most Tv"s don't have exceptional sound and a sound bar or home theater system is the way to go.meets my needs perfectly
I needed something to place in my apartment and decided to go with this television and it does the job. Good picture quality and I an able to plug up my DVD player and WII with no problems. The size is also just right.Easy Solution
I have only had television about a week but I am pleased with picture quality and sound. Am anticipating purchasing another in several monthsWell pleased with product
Be sides that its an amazing tv it was delivered fast loved the servicei love my new and first flat screen
I've only had it a couple of days. Not sure about the volume ... It doesn't seem loud enough .... It probably needs adjusting which I haven't had a chance to fiddle with it yet. It even came with a stand! Can't be beat at the price, the HD picture is great !Real good TV at a great price
This is a good tv for the price. The real determination is how long it lasts.Good TV for the price
I've had this TV for a few weeks now, and I couldn't be happier with it. The picture is clear and crisp, the sound is good and the assembly was super easy. I primarily use it to watch DVDs, and the movies look great on the big screen! I was looking for a good value TV and had checked out more expensive bigger brands of televisions, but after erasing reviews on this TV I decided to get this size (bigger than the big brand for the price) and I think it turned out to be a great decision. I'd recommend this to anyone - especially since with the 4 year warranty price it was STILL cheaper than those big brand TVs. You can't beat it - best bang for your buck right here!Fabulous TV for a fabulous price!
40" LED Great valueGreat TV
I ordered this TV online and it was delivered in just a few days. Easy set up and seems to work great. Time will tell but my initial impression is this TV is a very good value.Great TV for the price
I am very happy with this TV. It is a perfect size not too big and has a sharp picture. You have to tweek the picture some because it is too bright out of the box. The sound was tiny at first but you can adjust the equalizers to correct that. Most flat screens have a flat sound so soundbar might be recommended for some people. I like the fact it has a headphone jack which a lot of TV's don't have. I am not familiar with this brand so I don't know how long it will last. Keep in mind that this TV is about half as much as most top brands, so you can buy 2 for the price of one.a very good TV for the price
I am very happy with this tv I like it so much I bought one more.great tv all around
This was a gift for my son and his wife and they absolutely loved it. I ordered it online without a problem and then picked it up at the store without a problem! Easy as that!Great tv value
Really easy to set up,and picture is great.Top quality for the money
i got 2 of them for my kids rooms and i got the blue ray player for $50 to make them smart tvs and my kids love them, great deal and great tv.great tv for $250
Service was quick and courteous...product was all it was touted to be!Excellent deal
This TV is lightweight and great for mounting. I love the picture quality, crisp and bright. The sound quality isn't awful but there are better things out there. Overall, a good TV for a great price!Great Value!
I bought this TV for my wife for her Birthday and haven't been disapointed from day one.Great Buy
A great TV with lots of features for a good price. I couldn't be happierExceeded Expectations for HDTV Purchase
I absolutely love my new TV. It arrived very fast, easy assembly, and I am not the most handy person when it comes to that. I did have to purchase just one accessory in order to get it to operate, but that is no big deal. The picture and audio didn't have to be adjusted, as they both are fine for my needs. And, finally the price was wonderful and extremely economical.Terrific product!!
WOW what a tv picture is unrealOMG
I bought it off the Walmart.com and got a very good deal on this item my other TV I had for the last couple of years it went out and thank god I bought a extended warranty and they sent me a e card because they couldn't fix it because of the part so I decided to not get a sanyo again so I searched the Walmart website and found SCEPTRE X405BV-FHDR 40" LED Class 1080P HDTV with ultra slim and I'm very satisfied with this TV I decided to get! So yes I'm very satisfied!My new TV
Great tv, great priceSCEPTRE 40
Works great, was unsure of the name, as it was new to me. Beautiful picture and sound, would purchase again.SCEPTRE X405BV FHDR 40 LED Class
Beautiful sound and picture. Great purchase. Would buy again.Great tv
It has met all our expectations.GreatTV
Good price, good quality and fast delivery - what else do you need to be happy!Good Deal
The picture is clear. the price for 40 ' was a great price. I recommend this television I'm really satisfied .40' Sceptre Televison
If you keep in mind this is an economy television, you will probably love it, like me.outstanding economy television
I am really enjoying my tvThe picture is very clear
I was surprised by the overall quality of this tv. I have a samsung hdtv in my living room and a Vizio in my bedroom. I bought this for my parents, and this hdtv rivals both of my hdtvs at home. The sound quality isn't the best but a sound bar takes care of it. I wish I had known this before, I would have never spent the money on top name brands. I would recommend this to everyone!Just as good as top name brands
It's been two weeks since I have bought the tv. No problems thus far!! Bright and colorful screen, you also have the option to switch picture mode, (vivid, custom, power saving, etc.). I've read where others have had issues with the sound. No problems on my end with sound. Maybe they didn't go into the settings and play around with the options. The base of the tv swivels. With three HDMI inputs, your ready to hook up cable box, dvr, game consoles, computer...whatever you want! I still can't believe I bought a 40" for the price of a 32"!Big tv for the price of a smaller tv.
bigger screenenjoy my tv
Excellent product at a very reasonable price. I would like for you to check it out. picture is good,sound is good,size is perfect. I will be getting another one soon. alot of people complain about it but I don't know what they are looking for. I love it, I have not put it on the wall bracket as yet.first flat screen tv
This TV came at a very good price, and is very good quality. I have two of these in my home. Best thing...........USA made !Great price, good quality.
Wanting to get a new TV for the holidays, I looked online at Best Buy, and other electronic stores.
Walmart provided the best price on the 40"TV. The checkout was simple, the extended warranty was VERY affordable, and the TV was delivered to my house in 2 days.
I will definitely do the on-line thing in the future.Great TV for the money
Has great picture, definitly worth the money!40" Sceptre TV
I have the 24'' inch Skeptre very satisfied with the brand have had it for 5 years .So I got the 40''inch Skeptre to , good tv brand .Yes I would recommend it .I hooked mine up to a surround sound system for better sound The sound quality is ok good ,but I like the theater version personally .Good TV
Great TV especially for the price.Awesome TV
I enjoy the TV very much.the TV is wonderful.
We bought two on black Friday and was shocked how good the picture is for the price. not sure how good the name brand is but so far so good.Awesome buy!
GREAT VALUE FOR A 40" T.V.GREAT TV FOR TEENAGE SON
I don't think your going to find a better deal for the money anywhere else!The only thing it might lack a little in is the audio. I really am happy with the entire package!A winner for the money!
I bought this television to put in a spare bedroom, so I didn't want to spend a lot of money on it. I noticed it because it was very inexpensive and yet it was getting good reviews, so I figured what the heck. Even though it was getting good reviews, my expectations were still not very high...and then I turned it on. I was immediately impressed with how crisp and clear the picture was...it actually looks as good, if not better, than my Philips 1080p 240hz television...no kidding! I would definitely recommend this television!So much better than I expected!
Great value good for entertainment systemgreat tv good deal
Very happy with this TV. It has a great picture and all the audio/video connections needed which I didn't find with other TVs in this price range.All the ins and outs
An absolute amazing television for the price. I use it in a bedroom.. Came packaged perfectly, Set up was so easy.. Picture is perfect.. AMAZING even.. Doesn't have 5 star sound.. but that would be easily fixable if i cared too. the sound is a six not a ten... But the overall lets me allow that.. I waited a month to make this review in case it crapped out on me.. Well it certainly hasn't, nor have i had any other issues.. If i needed another television this size.. I would buy another one of these in a secondThe best cheapest tv
You would think a TV of this size would cost in the thousands, but amazingly, this 40-inch new TV cost me less than $300.00. Walmart always has good deals on its products.Perfect TV
I am happy with my tvIs perfect.
Very good tv no problemsGood tv
The reviews I read about this TV before I purchased it were right on. Great value, good picture quality, very easy to set up, easy to use and very light weight. The only issue I see is this TV was for my mom and she has the sound louder then normal so I had to make several adjustments to get the volume up to where she likes it and it involved more then just the volume up and down control. Other than that this is a great value for the price and most important she is very happy with it.Great value
Bought two of these tv's at different times. Both were a great deal and well worth it. Picture and sound is sharp, easy to install, remote works great. I highly recommend.All is good
Works great, good picture, has all the features that I wanted for a low pricegreat TV
i upgraded from a 32 inch to a 40 inch tv and the picture quality and sound have been more than what i expected.great buy for my bedroom tv
Great price and excellent picture!Great Deal for the Investment
Product exceeded all my expectations, and for the price I can't ask for more. A++Slim Design, Great Picture and Sound quality
this is a great tv for the price ,bought it as a birthday gift for my husband he loved it .easy to set up and picture is good better with the hd cable simply love it will be buying another one soongreat television
Great tv for a great price .Great Picture
Bought TV for son's room (Xbox/Wii). Great picture, sound is average/good. Overall this is a great TV for the cost.Value
I was happily surprised at the overall quality of this HDTV. The color saturation and quick cycle (for a 60Hz) is very good. The sound was only mediocre, but passable. The sound bar makes all the difference. I highly reccomend the Sceptre sound bar. I cannot but say that this was one of my better buys. I hope you have the same or better experience with your Sceptre HDTV.
P.B. Everett, WAExcellent quality and happy surprise.
I bought this TV for my daughter and her family. This is a great TV and a great price. Her husband and children love it and it takes up so little space it makes her room look so much larger and she loves that!Great TV at a great price
We just got this tv and love it!! You must have the HD cable box or HD through your cable company, because standard cable image quality isn't good. Overall we love our tv!!!Amazing tv for the price!!
This TV is excellent for the price and I have purchased one for my mother-in law and one for the beach house.Excellent TV for the price.
Received TV in great condition and within 2 days of purchasing! I have an LG 50 inch in another room and this TV is every bit as nice and has the same quality of picture. We have Directv with HD so we already had the adapter cord for HD. This is not included with the TV. I wasn't sure of this tv, but after reading others reviews, I went for it! It is every bit as good as my LG and Vizio! I did take the 3 year warranty out because I had never heard of this brand of tv. After reading someone's review about the warranty, Wal-Mart followed through with quick service at no cost to the customer, and for $28.00 for 3 years, it was a no brainer to me. I am well pleased with this tv and would recommend it to anyone who wants a larger tv at an affordable price!Great tv plus great price!
i have always thought `only buy name brand TVs' .
the SCEPTER TV that i bought from Walmart has changed that way of thinking about TVs.
this TV right out of the box was all set to go.
it looks rich in color,
it sounds great,
better buy this brand at Walmart and get the best price in town, before they are all gone !
john
:)want a trouble FREE TV !
My husband and I love this TV we use it for watching TV, Movies, and playing on the Xbox. Because we haven't have a HDTV we had a very old TV the first two days took our eyes some time to adjust because the picture was so clear and life like.Great Picture great Price
Needed a tv not a smart tv. Xbox and hd cable looks and plays great!!! $280 delivered :)gr8 basic hd tv
We bought this for our son's birthday. We went with a SCEPTRE because we bought one for ourselves a few years ago. We were not disappointed! Wonderful picture and sound clarity/quality!
Also, the price was the best of any we found online. Would definitely recommend this t.v. to anyone.Great T.V., great price.
Purchased the TV several months ago. Tremendous picture, great sound, inputs are easily accessible. I had the television on the included stand for the first several months- very solid. Several weeks ago, I mounted it on the wall- again, solid as I could hope for. Given this, I did purchase the warrantee as I couldn't believe you could get this much TV for the price- no indication that I will have to use it as of yet.Can't believe that you can get this quality
its a great TV, even though I ordered the brushed metal. I receive the all black model. but I still was pleasantly surprised of the quality for such a low price... I know it sounds like a kiss up but im truly I'm happy with it.surprisingly a great Tv.
When shopping for a television i was met with a dilemma which was purchasing a TV with great picture and sound quality at a hefty price or buying one considerably less with just as good picture quality but sound not so much. This particular Sceptre would be that tv with sound quality not being exactly what i was looking for but has a beautiful picture, has great size with lots of connections and a great price. The three things that pushed me over the edge for this tv was the price of course,the variety of connections and the fact that i could get a sound bar and get an overall lower price than the television that had the preferable sound already built in. So at the end of the day this tv was a great buy i would advise others to hop on the Sceptre band wagon because they have great tvs that serve many needs.This TVs pretty pristine
I brought this TV because the one on sale was not in stock and this was a better price anyway, Well I could not be happier. So glad this was available at the time I needed it. Great Picture & sound. Perfect size for my apartmentGreat Price
Great TV for my Kids roomGreat TV for my Kids room
greatgreat
Very good deal .I could not beat the price no where .thanks wall mart for the TV great price....awsome tv.....awsome price thank you..
TV works great and Walmart delivered it suppppper fast even with the free shipping! very happy with purschasetv is great! Walmart rocks
Love Walmart TV's>>>>>best prices, great quality....well worth the price. And the delivery has gotten incredible. Ordered it to be delivered to my house.....received it 3 days after I ordered it.Great TV.....great price.
I picked up the TV from Wal-Mart site to store. It was delivered pretty quick. Set-up was pretty easy. Price was great for a 40" TV. I have only had it for about a month, but so far pretty satisfied. A nice feature is that it has a audio visual ports for older model audio amplifiers. If you have an older amp. You can plug into the tv and get at least stereo sound. There are also a few ports that can be used easily with Google Chromecast. Picture is pretty good quality. DVD movies have great picture. Can't wait to see the TV with a Blue Ray player! Much better than a 32"!Sceptre 40" LED TV
Excellent for the price!Great TV
I feel like a moron for buying a Samsung smart TV a year ago for $700. Not only is this TV much cheaper but it is a LED. It looks so much crisper than my Samsung! The sound isn't the best so you do have to turn it up quite high but so what even with purchasing a sound bar you come out ahead! Just make sure you buy the warranty with it. It's a cheap warranty and well worth it.

Overall, great tv for the price!Great Deal
I love Sceptre products. The are just as good as the pricey name brand products. This was a birthday present for my husband for his "man cave" and he is enjoying the picture and size of his new TV.Awesome TV for the Price
I rate this television with the one I paid 5 times more for. I can't tell a difference except the sound and that the scepter has a better side view.not a name brand
I've had this TV for about a week now and just love it. I have absolutely no complaints. There are features I may not use but they are available to me if I ever need them. Great purchase!Great TV
I absolutely love this TV! It's thin,light weight and the base swivels. We will be buying another.great tv
Great tv for the price, Has great color and bright. The sound has four sound setting and sound great..Great
Very simple to hook up, great picture quality and unbeatable price.Great TV for the price.
Awesome tv light weight crisp image and very cheap . I got 2 n they deliver in big way. Cant beat itExcelent
it was good and the shipping on this product was on time and the set and picture quality was goodit was a great buy
The Sceptre TV that we ordered for our family's living room came easy to assemble (stand) and the setup process only took a matter of minutes. I was watching my favorite news program within 20 minutes of bring the TV into our house.Great TV for a Great Price!
Great deal, wonderfully surprised.Great gaming tv for a 9 year old
Wish I had gotten it sooner! Wife loves it too!!Very Nice, eggcelent (Mr. Burns)
I've had this tv for over a year and have little to no complaints. Its 1080p and has several input options which the inputs are customizable. Instead of HDMI 1 you can change it to say TIVO or whatever you like.

My only complaint and I thought I was crazy but once in a blue moon when I hit the top button on the tv itself which is the volume it would shut off. So I'd hit that same button to turn it back on and would sit there and say, " Why isn't this coming back on?". Power button is the very bottom one not the top. Its rare, extremely rare but overall a great Tv since I paid then 350 ish and a 4 year warranty.Great TV for the Price.
Fits perfect on shelf in bedfoom, really like the size..great for watching moviesgreat T.V.
I was surprised that it was an American company. The picture quality is great and the sound is good. I have enjoyed my new t.v.Good TV
Easy to set up right out of the box. Nice picture, and great value for the price paid. Fast shipping right to my doorstep. Very pleased with the purchase.Good ++ TV for the Money
Great flat screen large television with the value. Crystal clear picture and perfect sound.overall truly a great value
Great TV for the price! Love it!Nice TV
I really love this tv! It's a great deal and a great picture. It was delivered very quick, faster than they said at first.a very awesome tv
To start, I simply LOVE this TV!! I bought this sight unseen based on the reviews I read. I was looking for an inexpensive 39 to 42 in. basic tv, no wi-fi, smart tv or any of that jazz....for 269.00 this fit the bill perfectly. Great picture when hi-def feed plus HDMI cable is used. Sound could have a little more bass to it, but you will have the same issue with tv"s costing much more!! You can add a single plug-in sound bar for 59.95 and up and solve that, If top sound is an issue. It"s about a 7 on a 10 scale as it is,works for me. Set-up was fast and easy, remote is easy to use, and there are multiple input jacks on the edge of tv...3 HDMI,PC,USB,etc. Paid only 6.00 for standard shipping to my door and had in about 5 days. To be honest, I have NO issues with this tv at all! Highly Recommend It!!GREAT VALUE FOR THE PRICE!!!
it is a good deal based on the priceit is a good deal based on the price
I have not had enough time yet to rate the endurance of this TV yet but so far so good. The picture is great and so is the sound. I'd like another one!!!!SCEPTRE X405BV-FHDR 40" LED Class 1080P HDTV
Bought this tv for my son and his girlfriend for Christmas, they absolutely loved it. Tv is great all around and you can't beat the price it also was delivered before delivery date stated what a nice surprise.great tv for the price
Love the slim design, very good quality and at a great value. Son loves it for his video games, and the fact that it on his wall!Very Nice TV
a Christmas gift for my daughter in laws new home. Perfect sizeexcellent quality for price
I purchased this tv for my grandson. It is a great value and I am very pleased with the purchase. The picture quality is excellent. He was so thrilled to get it. He has had it since last year and has had no problems with it. I plan on purchasing another one for my grand daughter this year. I highly recommend this product.great quality and value
This was a great deal and a good picture. If you not a tech needy person, this is a good deal.Cyber Monday deal!!!
Love it!! Had to adjust the sound quite a bit but abaolutley love it!! Picture is extremely good for the price and the sound is just fine after adjusting it.awesome quality for a low price
Picture quality is excellent; sharp, clear 1080p with vivid colors that are easily adjustable. Sound quality with the built-in speakers is marginal, but with headphones, or through a good stereo system with the HDMI connector it is first rate.Great Buy!
Recommended for others to buy for Television use or computer use.Good computer monitor.
Very light weight, great price and the color is fantastic. I bought it to put in my shop but decided instead to put it in my den once I saw the picture quality. Excellent value since it was under $300Excellent value. Great Picture quality
We originally got the 32 inch for Xbox play. We were so pleased with the product, we knew that we couldn't go wrong with another purchase and got the 40 inch screen for our bedroom. Can't beat the price for the quality and got it on sale. I highly recommend this product to others looking for an affordable tv with basic features.Great tv for the price!
TV Light slim and better picture then the one I had before sound ok40" tv
Good picture, plenty of sound. Had to adjust settings down on EQ as it was too loud on even low setting. Now can turn it down and it can still get too loud. I usually use volume between 2-5. Antenna picture is great, HD movies and VUDU are excellent. Good choice for a TV without taking up a wall.Picture and sound great
We purchased several of these for our business after originally purchasing Samsungs. We couldn't get the output of the sound configured the way we needed to with the Samsungs. We were able to do it with the Sceptre's with no problem. Also like the finish around the edge of the screen.Great TV!
I am very happy after i received the same. I had initial reservations about this brand since it was not that much popular, but when i started the TV it was just awesome. Right from the picture to sound i liked it very much.
I use a biggifi to watch stuff and i was amazed at the ease of use which i get through this TV. I will again go for this brand anytime over those other expensive brands available in the market.Very good TV
This was ordered on a Tuesday evening and was on my porch on Friday afternoon! It was well cased and easy to assemble . It has a very sharp pitcher and it was easy to program to my DERECTV system It is the perfect size for the location that I have selected. I have had this set for three weeks now and I had waited to rate this until I was sure that it did not have any faults.Sharper then my Sharp that died
We were leary about buying this tv because we had never heard of this brand but we are really pleased with it so far. The picture is great on it !!This tv is well worth the money.Works great !!
Great TV for the price. This is the 5th one we have purchased....either for ourselves or family members. No issues.Great TV
Nicegreat for price
Best HDTV for you money.Best price
Great T. V. Great price.great T. V.
Out of the box the picture is alright, but with a little adjusting it's better than my 32" Sony Bravia. Love this tv! Sound can also be adjusted which helps a lot as well, but adding a sound bar was a good choice.Great TV
The TV was easy to set up with easy to follow instructions. Was all plugged in and ready to go within minutes.Easy Set up... looks great
Easy to set up. Wonderful picture. My second one purchased to replace a Samsung.Great value for the money
Sound could b louderNice tv
Picture is vey clear. I paid 278 for this which is a great price. It's in my bedroom but will be a great addition to any roomGreat buy for your money.
This television was very easy to unpack and put together. Good value for my money.This is my first flat screen TV and I love it!
I purchased this TV for my garage. It has great picture and works perfect for watching sports games.
I have been very impressed with the quality.Great TV for the money
We bought this for my dad. He loves it. The sound is great, as he is hard of hearing. Easy setup for him. The quality of the picture is great. Definitely a good choice.Priced good excellent quality
has very good high definitiona very good TV
This is the first time I've use this type of product. I am indeed satisfied.Thoroughly pleased this this product.
I chose this one over a more well known brand for less price because I was interested in the textured bevel. It is more subtle than I had hoped and I was also hoping it was metal in color as well but it is black. But I am completely happy with the picture, color, sound and price...and it was here SO fast. It was at my door in two days! I mounted mine so I cant speak of the base or putting it together but it looked pretty easy.Great Price, Picture & Sound
Very good price and good quality, I recommend.....Quality and Value
I have had no problems with this TV,great picture and you can make the sound any way you want it. And for a great price too.Great TV
I Purchased this TV based on Positive reviews and am Very happy with it so far, Picture Quality is Outstanding but Not so happy with sound Quality, Overall its a Great TV for the money.Great Value.
Purchased for myself to finally replace my huge & heavy 10 year old 29"tv, and I love it!!! Back here now to purchase 2- 32's for my kids rooms. The value and quality are unbeatable! You can't go wrong with this TV..I was surprised that it has MHL and is ROKU ready, huge bonuses!Believe the Reviews, this TV is Perfect
Arrived quickly Easy setup Works greatGreat tv
Got a really good buy on this TV on cyber Monday. Had I for a few weeks and I am very happy with it. Very good picture and sound for a TV in this price range.Cyber Monday deal!
Love my new flat screen ! The picture is clear, the style is slim and sleek. I also have a Sceptre 32 inch in my son's and he loves it. Totally Satisfied !For the price ..you can't beat it !
This was a terrific buy. I have spent much more on TV's and have not gotten the quality that this TV has offered. It's too short a time to tell how well it will perform in the long hall.Nice clear picture
This TV is worth the low price. Works great!Awesome Price
This is the second one. Great value.Great TV My second one
Love it so much greatgreat
I liked it so well we bought two 40" & a 24". We are very happy with them all.Love it!!
This television has a really nice picture and a very sturdy base. We sat ours on top of a chest of drawers and it does not wobble. The swivel base is an added bonus but we really have no reason to use this feature as the tv is in our bedroom. Overall great tv for the price.Great TV
This television is a really great value. It was $30.00 cheaper than on a very popular shopping website. So far so good. It was a very good purchase. Highly recommended to all.great
Very happy with this t.v. I'm so sick of reading negative reviews based on the sound of this unit. These new t.vs are made for surround sound or sound bars duh! This is a great t.v.! And you cant beat the price.Love it.
Made with Sony components /parts just like the high end units for sale today. Save your cash you won't be disappointed. Great pitcher, sound is good. Bought the 32" for my kitchen first and we like it so much we bought the 40" for the master bedroom a week later.

Took literally 5 minutes to set up and I'm a neat freak that bundles all the cables together with ties and tucks them away. Make sure you use a flat surface like a kitchen table with a large towel to lay the flat screen on when you assemble it. Make sure the screws are tight because the tape themselves into the hardened plastic. Don't over tighten.

Enjoy, you will..Save the $$$$$$$$$$$$$$!
Very happy with the performance and price . Well worth the price but remember I didn't spend a fortune.Great TV
After looking at the reviews for this I decided to give it a try. I am glad I did. I think this is the best 40 inch great picture, and pretty good sound.Great TV for the price
I have had this tv for 2 weeks now and i am very happy with it.It has an awesome picture .Great price for this tv40 inch tv
Just got this tv set up yesterday, so far it works very good. The picture and sound is very good. I would highly reccomend this tv to friends.Sept re 40" led tv
very satisfied with the quality of this tv for the price,i was a little worried as it wasnt a name brand product,but iam well satisfied and would highly recommend this tv.Great product for the price.
Never bought this brand but I'm extremely happy with the quality of the picture and the price was outstanding. Keeping my fingers crossed that this brand holds up and I'm not going to be disappointed with " you get what you paid for"Great picture, great price
I purchased the tv on sale for $219. First online purchase. It was so easy. Arrived earlier than expected. Picked up at the local walmart where they even loaded it in my car. Easy to set up and very pleased overall. I've only had it for about 2 weeks but so far, so good!So far, so good!
Easy setup and very good picture for the price.Great value
Picture is great. Sounds is average, but I'm running it through an external amp and speakers now so audio is great. No complaints.So far so good...
MET ALL OUR EXPECTATIONS, GREAT PRICE! LOVE IT.BEST DEAL FOR THE MONEY, VERY SHARP PICTURE.
I researched different TV's before I decided to purchase this one. Ship to store delivery was a couple days faster than it would have been shipping to my house.

It worked right away, as soon as the TV stand and the Terk antenna were connected. Since my last TV was a CRT, I read the instruction manual. It was pretty easy to understand. I had no problem connecting my new blu ray player and finding it through the Source button by locating the HDMI to which it was connected. Roku was also easy to connect and use via the Source button on the remote.

The picture is most beautiful when playing blu rays or using it for a HD TV channel. I don't have cable. The Sceptre performed pretty well with my over-the-air antenna, unless the channel was not HD. I don't think this is the fault of the TV company. The TV signal might have been to blame. I found the Picture button pre-sets were good enough, although I made my own User picture setting also.

I accessed Amazon through Roku and watched a movie. There were no dropped pixels. I adjusted the sound during playback to full Bass and Treble Settings. The Balance is in the middle. The AVL is off. The default equalizer setting is Pop, which makes voices sound slightly tinny. The Rock and Jazz settings aren't very good for voices. Here are my User equalizer settings that are adapted from someone else's posting: 150 Hz - 50, 500 Hz - 58, 1 K Hz - 58, 5 K Hz - 55, 10 K Hz - 62. I found that these worked the best. I don't have a sound bar or other speakers.

I've had no problems, so far. My family is enjoying the TV very much.Good All-Purpose TV For An Expensive Price
Very nice picture. I would recommend this Television.Sceptre 40 inch HD television
Perfect tv for my kids.Very nice 40" tv for cheap price.
this is a second bedroom tv of this make and I truly like them boyh.wonderful tv for a bedroom
completly satisfygreat
TV works great for the money.Good 4 the money
Great purchase. Happy with the picture and sound. Great price.SCEPTRE X405BV-FHDR 40"LED Class 1080P HDTV
Great value for the $Very satisfied
I absolutely love this TV. I'm amazed at the quality of the picture from a TV in this price range. I highly recommend it.Great Value
Very pleased with this purchase so far. It's a great addition to our bedroom and I can't believe how easy it was to move, which one person could totally do by themselves. I don't have any issues with the sound as it works great -- after all it's not like it has surround sound! This was a great price point -- and it was delivered within 3 days of purchase.Light as a feather
No problems at all. Works perfectly.great tv
Better then expected for this low price !Love this TV
I love this TV, easy set up and I bought at a great price!Great TV
Easy set up. I've had a smaller tv of the brand. Never had any problem with it. Love the brandGreat picture
Can not beat for the price. Nice picture, the sound is weak, but overall a nice TVNice TV
This TV is amazing, right out of the box it was ready to go. Of course if you're a tweaker like I am there are many settings to play with.
The picture quality is excellent. Much much better than other generic Chinese brands I've seen.
The sound is only so so. But it's nothing that any sound bar can't improve. Just keep in mind that there are no digital audio outs on this TV only analog outs. No big deal but if you're into that then you might want to reconsider.
Overall I'm happy with this TV and would buy another. It's simple and I like that.Name brand quality without a name brand price
No problems with shipping, setting it up. or programming. Very happy with this purchase!Great Value!
Very good picture awesome soundNice for the price
I was hesitant to purchase a Sceptre TV because I was unfamiliar with the brand. However, after reading all the reviews and due to the exceptional price I decided to go ahead. It has a phenomenal picture and I am very pleased. I went ahead and purchased the three year extended warranty for a very minimal amount. I would not hesitate to recommend this TV to anyone. I purchased it for my bedroom but the quality would be perfect for any room in the house.I love this 40" TV!
picture quality is excellent very slim i have a 3 years old 32" still working perfect, way to go whith these tvs next one to buy will be a 4k SPECTRE for suregreat tv !!!
Great picture and sound. very easy set upGreat priced 40 inch
I have only had the TV for a couple weeks at this point, but I am way beyond satisfied there are no words. The picture is amazing the sound is good and with so many connection options there was an input jack for everything in my entertainment center! The price is truly amazing for the product. Don't let the off name fool you, this is a great item and the price point is phenomenal. I even got the free shipping to my home option, they said 10 days but I received the TV 4 days later!!!!! I am beyond happy with this purchase and would recommend to everyone I know that needs a new TV!Truly awesome product
I chose this television based on reviews and was not disappointed. It looks nice; the picture quality is great; and is very easy to hook up and to use.looks and workes great
Fabulous TV, great picture and sound. I don't understand the audio complaints, it sounds fine to me. And an excellent price! Very pleased.Great TV.
Real good price excellent serviceGood product at a great price
Bought this for a mothers day present when I realized how bad my 83 year old moms old set was. For under $250, I got a good looking TV, and a three year extended warranty. I am considering buying the 50" for my front room. The value for what you get is OUTSTANDING!So far so good
Sound quality is out of this world.Loud
We are very happy with the Scepter 40" TV. The TV arrived as scheduled, easy to setup, excellent picture, good sound after setup. I would advice anyone looking to by a value TV to check out the Scepter line of TV's.Richard
This product is perfect and affordableAffordable
This TV is as nice as any I've ever seen. It's so clear- you would think it's in 3D. It has all the features you could ever want, and works extremely well. It's very user friendly, and The price is $100 less then what it is worth. I can't imagine why anyone wouldn't buy this TV if they are looking for a 40" flat screen. I highly recommend it, and it is definitely by far the best TV I've ever had in my house. If i had space in other rooms- I'd order one or two more to replace other smaller sets.Great TV!
Not sure how they do it, but the picture was outstanding !Great picture, easy to use controller
I love my new tv. Best one in the house and I have some stuff competition.Great
I ordered this TV online, but had it delivered to the local Walmart. It arrived earlier than expected. I had to attach, using tools, the TV stand to the TV, but it was relatively easy after studying the instructions for a few minutes. I love the TV and it looks great in my family room.Pleased with this product
Great picture. Bought it on sell on cyber Monday last November and I was so impressed with the quality that I bought a second one. Easy setup. I'm really happy with it.love it
Great TV for the money.Got for the bedroom. Great picture and sound.
Remote and adjustments and easy to use and I had to adjust a little to get picture just right. Excellent picture with the tv up high and the sound works good for me.Works good for the price
I bought this for my granddaughter when she moved into a new place and she loves it. I have been over there and the picture is extremely clear. It's her first HD tv and so that is fun too. Very satisfied.new bedroom tv
We love this tv! It's working well for us.great tv
great tv for price. Very nice picture. I have had this tv for 2months no issuses.great tv
Picture is excellentgreat price..
The quality of this t v is astounding.A great TV
the speakers are weak other then that i like the tv.sceptre 40" hdtv
Like so many others have said, I'm saying it too... For the money it cost, this TV is a great deal. Save your money and just buy this one.
I personally can't turn my TV up past 12 because I live in an apartment and it gets loud quick! The color is bright enough for me to Minecraft at night and adjustable if even that's too dark. I was able to successfully hook up my VCR, Wii, Xbox, Internet and desktop computer as well as a thumb drive with pictures and music and all without needing one of the several hdmi slots available.
I have no regrets with this model or its functionality.No regrets! :) Very happy with this TV.
Very good unit, good picture and sound. A great value at the Walmart price....and it came (site-to-store) earlier than scheduled.Excellent TV
I have to teenage sons that both enjoy playing their game systems. They had just a 13 inch TV in their room so I decided to surprise them. Let me UPGRADE YOU! They are very pleased with their new TV. I've had no complaints from them.Upgrade You
Excellent tv, excellent price! No complaints at all.Excellent TV for the value.
Greattv
All was good. I received what I expected and it functions as desired.SCEPTRE
This item is nicesNices
Delivered promptly right to my door. Setup was very easy and we afre enjoying the quality. Very good especially at the great proce.BOP40 " tv Sceptre
This Flat Screen TV is a great value!! I love the ultra slim bezel and the swivel base. The 1080p resolution / picture quality is well above average and the audio is good when set to the "dynamic" option.Great TV - Nice Features
Great picture and easy set up.great value
NothingNice price, quick service!
good price for the tvnice picture
Everything I wanted and and the picture quality far exceeded my expectations.Excellent value.
works greatlove it
just because it says refurbished it's an awesome buy! I would definitely recommend.Awesome Purchase
nice low cost tv great for our second bedroomsceptre 40" led tv
I got this TV for my bedroom. I didn't want to spend a lot on the TV and took a chance on the SCEPTRE. I'm glad I did! The picture is sharp. It is very easy to access the external connections for cable, sound, gaming, etc. My daughter bought one after seeing how well mine works. I would recommend using an external sound source. I installed a sound bar.Great TV!!
Product is very nice! Would recommend!wonderful product
My family we love the TV it show beautiful I never had no problems with it we love it.great tv
I've only had the tv for a few weeks but so far it's been great. Took a while to arrive for some reason. Ordered online and shipped to store, took 3 weeks. Sound is great, picture is great, was easy to set up. No complaints.Great purchase so far
The sound is better than the 32". The picture is great. High qualityGreat product
This is not a $600 Samsung. But close enough for a second tv, or in this case a first tv in a second home. Good picture. 1080p 40" under $250. My second Sceptre. Both are winners. Works great with my xbox 360 on 1080p.Great second tv
Excellent for a flat screen TV ...excellent for the price!!5
I love this tvGreat deal
it's greatgreat
For the price, this is a good TV. The quality if the picture is very good, but it is not like a higher end TV where the quality is outstanding......Great TV for a bedroom or other parts of the house.great tv for a great price
I was surprise that I got it so quickly and the price.
The picture is clear,Excellent
Clear sharp picture and plenty of decent sounding volume. Couldn't ask for more!Great TV!
Can't beat the price. So far the tv has been very reliable. The picture is sharp and vibrant when utilizing the full HD, and I appreciate that there are three HDMI inputs on the back, as well as a 3.5 mm headphone jack and mono sound output jacks. My one complaint is that the mono sound jacks output the sound at a slight delay to the output of the tv speakers. I have since used only the 3.5 mm jack with an external set of speakers, which overrides the tv's set of speakers. There's no delay between the sound and picture from this jack. Works great!

The other downside is the remote is kind of funky. If I had a Roku stick, it would be very useful, because apparently the remote is designed to control the Roku as well as the tv; but since I do not, I find the layout kind of weird. To change the input, you need to click the source button, then use the scroll arrows to highlight the input you would like, then you need to click enter... 3 buttons for a function that could easily be accomplished on other tv sets by just clicking the "source" button repeatedly. Again, not a huge complaint, but kind of annoying. For the price and quality, I'd still give it 5 stars.Best Bang for your Buck!
This TV is great for the money. I use it to play games on with the Xbox 360 and PS3.... works great. Super easy to set up. I highly recommend this for anyone wanting a TV to game on.Great for the money!
Third Sceptre T.V. I've bought from Walmart. Price is great & I've had no problems. Shipping to home was free & T.V.s were extremely well packed. I was concerned when the first package had a puncture in the middle but there was NO damage inside the packing.Great price & quality
This tv is great, so far. It offers everything I hoped for, and the price is phenomenal. I would definitely recommend it.Sceptre
I have been stuck in the stone ages with the big bubble screen tv...my little tv went out in the bedroom, so I wanted to move the old monster from the livingroom to the bedroom but needed to replace the livingroom tv first. I found this tv online and reluctantly ordered it, as I was afraid of getting it damaged from shipping, but it was available through shipping quicker than to have it shipped to store. I am so pleased with this tv...the picture is awesome...I Love It :)Awesome Value :)
This is a great TV for the money.Sceptre X405BV-FHDR TV
Purchased for cottage where only have it on antenna so not able to use all the features , probably more than could use anyway. Picture & reception are outstanding so far. A friend went on line & ordered one after seeing ours. Both of us are happy.Great size & price
just a great tv for the price... Shocked by how good the picture quality is!!suprised
This tv Is a great tv for anyone on a budget! Shipped fast to my home for $3.00! would recommend to anyone!Great picture for the price!!!
Was very lightweight and easy to hang on the wall (I make my own wall-mount kits). Replaced a 32" Visio that was zapped by lightning. This TV is top notch so far and a great value.Really nice picture and audio with a slim design
I reviewed tvs for about 6 mo before settling down on this guy. There is no better tv for the money...period. The only thing that it is lacking (as ALL flatscreens lack) is sound...even with a gnarly sound bar it STILL beats the price of similarly spec'd tvs. If you are thinking smart tv...just get a chromecast..as it turns ANY tv with a HDMI port into a smart tv ($30) You will def be happy with this tv!!Cant beat the quality to price ratio!
This inexpensive HDTV is from a California company that has them built by Hitachi. For the price, this TV is simply awesome! It has more built in converted connections than many high end TVs. Have an old PS2 you still play? How about the Wii ? How about any other ANALOG device or sounds system? No problem! You also have 3 HDMI, and other audio/video connections.

Picture quality is pretty darn good, too.

The only thing I have found "bad" about this TV is the built in sound: It seems to max out around 15 and pushing it further doesn't add much of anything. I haven't tried though without the analog audio out unplugged, as I have a speaker set using that, which negates the need for the TV speakers for "big" sound, but the combination makes for a surprisingly good virtual "surround" sound without an actual theater system. I just wish the audio out were volume controlled.

At this price, we were able to afford the 4 year Walmart extended warranty so we are all set, even if the thing turns out to be a lemon :-)A steal of a deal on this TV
This is the third Sceptre TV I have purchased from WalMart on line the last four years.Two 32 TV's 1080p for my daughters and a 40" TV 1080p for myself. Great TV's for the price and have not had any problems. Spot on.Sceptre TV's
It works great. The picture and sound are fantastic. I totally recommend it. No complaints.

I'm really happy with this tv. And surprised. I bought it thinking it would be an okay tv for our bedroom but it turned out being fantastic. The sound is the best I have heard on a flat screen. We love it!Great TV
My mom wanted a new tv for her bedroom so I bought this one for her for Mother's Day! It was very easy to assemble and the picture is great!TV for my mom
Excellent TVSceptre
it works great and is an excellent value for the pricesceptre 40" tv
This modestly priced TV was exactly what we needed for the rec room. Bought off the website based on strong positive customer reviews. Easy set up. Also took the 4 year extended warranty for $36. How could you go wrong with that.No Disappointment Here
easy assembly / hook upits all good
$261 for a 40" tv that includes a 4 year warranty and free shipping.. you cannot beat it! It fits perfectly in our ladder tv stand and has a great picture and sound quality. Very easy to set up.a great value and great upgrade
Works great for what I use it for. We needed a nice lightweight HDTV to use when we are out on our patio. We keep it in our office and then easily carry it out to the stand outside and hook up with the 35" HDMI cable to the cable box or Blu-Ray or Roku inside the house. Works great for a relaxing evening out on the patio watching Sports or a movie. The lightness and the size and price were all selling factors for us.Sceptre 40" LED
Love the tvlove the merchandise
Bought this for my son's birthday because he wanted something bigger for his room. Easy setup and picture is great! Have not set up with the wall mount yet but works great with stand so far!Great TV!
Excellent product; better than I expectedSceptre X405BV-FHDR 40"
I was extremely pleased with this product, Picture quality is fantastic and the style is very pleasing to the eye. was little skeptical about the scepter name brand but purchased anyway and I'm very pleased with my decision to buy.Great tv and value for the price.
I've only had this television for about a month, but so far I have had nothing but good luck. Good sound, good picture, and I love the sleep timer.no problems
It was easy to set up and start watching!
I didn't like the box due to the pictures on the side. I almost took it back, clearly the target was men consumers!Great tv for the extra room
Very easy to plug everything in and get it going.Sceptre HDTV
Great product. Fit the need for a bedroom television perfectly. Actually have purchase this tv twice. Great deal for the price.Scepter 40" tv
Only the outside of the box was damaged. The TV, remote, stand, and batteries all had the original plastic on them. The TV did not come with an external antenna for better reception of local channels but it works great otherwise.Like New!!!
Just had it for a short time, but love it. Picture and sound both great, delivered as promised. Can't beat it for the priceGreat value
Wonderful Christmas gift from my daughter. With help from granddaughter both ladies proceeded to install and start the television. It works very well and I am so pleased to have it.Love the flat surface area.
This X405BV has all the features of my Sony that cost $700 more. Great picture, I couldn't be happier with this purchase.Has it all
Been very pleased with the picture quality and sound of this product. For the price, it can't be beat.Excellent Value for the Money
was surprised with the high quality picture of screen.picture
I bought this TV for a great price online at Walmart.com. The picture quality is excellent, as good as the name brands I've seen. Can't beat it for the price!GREAT TV AT A GREAT PRICE!
I love this TV and the price was too good to pass up! Easy to set up and get everything connected. I was watching my new TV in no time!!Love It!
I purchased this almost a month ago for my hubby's Christmas. He loves it. I have a smart TV in our livingroom and I love it but my hubby is not a techy as alot of others so he likes it simple. Great dealPerfect
I only had the TV for 2.5 months but so far it has been a great purchase. No issues at all.Great buy so far
Easy to set up with a beautiful picture. Great value for the money!Sceptre 40" LED TV
We bought this for our bedroom and and during these cold winter months, this AMAZINGLY got us away from the living room to snuggling up under the blankets watching t.v. or movie. After 27 years married, we feel like little kids watching Saturday morning cartoons.. The picture, sound, ease of the remote are far above other "NAME BRANDS" we have or we've looked at and hands down THIS outranked the rest...AS BEING THE BESTBetter then the "NAME BRANDS "
bought this for the bed room using it with tw cable box, easy to set up. has great picture and sound.great picture and sound
Bought this as a Christmas gift this year, our families first HDTV and we are very happy with it! Great features, connects to the xbox and dvd player. VERY easy to setup.Great Pic+Sound Better Price
This is our 2nd Sceptre product....and it's awesome! DVD's look like Blu Rays and the TV comes in beautifully! Love it and highly recommend it! Can't wait to play with all the extra features. ..may even buy a Roku stick!Excellent picture and value!
I bought this because I needed a HDTV that would meet my needs and my Nana's. She loves how big it is and the picture quality. I like that the bulb will last 5.7 years and it will last her until the next time she wants another television.Nice! Nana Loves Her New HDTV
Bought from WalMart.com on black Friday 2014...For the price, this is a great tv...The picture is perfect..I have read some bad reviews about the sound quality, but with mine, there have been no issues...I would highly recommend.so far...so good
The Picture is wonderful, I am on Cable so we are on HDMI, easy to Navigate, had to adjust picture size but easy to do with remote.Beautiful Picture!
Bought this through Walmart on sale at a great price. Arrived in good condition earlier than expected. Great picture and sound. Lightweight. Never bought a TV sight unseen before but would do it again for this brand if I had to.Easy to set up
We were surprised at the quality of this TV. Would buy again and have recommended this TV to family and friends.Great buy for the money.
I am really enjoying my TV. I have not had it long enough to comment on the longevity of the TV. But, the picture is great and so is the sound. For the price I paid this was a great deal.X405BV-FMQR
I purchased my TV November 28, 2014, the Friday after Thanksgiving, it arrived the following Tuesday, I was simply pleased, it arrived earlier than expected.Easy to set-up!
I bought this Tv from walmart on black friday and too this day i love it! I love watching movies, playing on the PS3 it has a very clear image and i would recommend everyone to buy SceptreVery Good Quality
This was a Christmas gift and so far it is awesome. The picture and sound quality is really good and it has nice features too. I will definatly recommend this Brand!!!Only had it one day!
I got this for Christmas and think it is the best I have seen out there. Color, clarity, unsurpassed.Great TV
I really like the tv. Picture is great, and has usable features. I plan on buying a larger one soon for my man cave.Happy camper!
This is a great TV especially in comparison to what other manufacturers are asking for poorer quality TVs; picture is clear and this is a 40" screen yet so light weight and ultra slim that we paid less than $30 for an articulating wall mount which makes viewing even better. Being ultra slim it also takes up less room space and is easy to use.Clear Picture-Light Weight
A nice TV at a fantastic price. Has a nice picture and was easy to set up. I may buy another one!Great Purchase!
I bought this TV for my husband for Christmas. He is extremely picky and hard to please. To my surprise, he is thrilled with this TV!! We had a problem with the remote battery cover, it was difficult to remove. Customer service was very helpful, and we will receive a replacement remote in 3 days. I would definetly recommend this product.Great TV!
I bought this tv for my bar and it fits perfectly and the sound and picture quality is excellent.Excellent TV
I just opened it X Mas Eve and so far we just really dig it. I got it for my 15 year old X Mas gift for his Birthday. TYVM.Great, just awsome. My son lov
I AM SO PLEASANTLY SURPRISED WITH THE CLARITY AND PICTURE QUALITY THAT I AM TELLING EVERYONE I KNOW THAT THEY NEED TO INVEST IN YOUR PRODUCT. I WAS UNFAMILIER WITH SCEPTRE TV'S, BUT I AM MOST CERTAIN THAT THIS IS A BRAND I WILL CONTINUE TO PURCHASE IN THE FUTURE!WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN HIDING?
My wife and I purchased the TV for outside patio usage by the pool. It has a great picture and excellent quality. Easy to mount with universal outdoor TV mount arm.Great TV.
I would love to get two of these it is an outstanding picture is clear awesome TVwonderful TV
Love the TV! The only issue is where can I find the code for the Dish Network remote?Great TV
Beautiful picture, crystal clear. Easy set-up. Bought one and I liked it so much that I bought a second one!What a bargain
I am very pleased with this TV. The picture is amazing! the menu is easy to use and the amount of inputs and outputs are great. A+ I am gonna buy only Sceptre products from now on. HAPPY CUSTOMER!!!Blown AWAY
Screen size and quality is very good. Only set up glitch is was no Direct tv code for remote volume.
Still great for second tv!Great picture, Great value!
Got this for a Christmas gift and I love it.
Great picture and sound.
Easy to install.Great picture and sound
40". I never heard of Sceptre, but they got very good reviews for this tv.. The picture is very sharp, almost like having HD. Everything is up to par. I got a Sceptre sound bar for it, but the sound is good even without the sound bar.Biggest tv I've ever had
I just bought this the picture is awesome. I have heard of complaints with the sound quality. however I haven't seen it yet.Great tv
very good product for the price, with satisfying featuresgreat tv for the price
We bought this TV for a great price and are extremely satisfied with our purchasegreat
I bought this 40" Sceptre for myself this Christmas, and I couldn't be happier. The picture quality is amazing, and the 40" screen is just perfect. It also has a pretty loud built in speaker, but I do have my stereo hooked up to it. I also have my computer plugged into it, so I can watch youtube, Netflix or anything else. I can plug my headphones into it if I don't wanna wake up anybody else in the house. The panel on the back is impressive with all of the things you can hook up to it. Everything you could want. I was still watching a big fat tube television that had an awesome picture as well but it must have weighed 100 lbs., it wasn't HDMI, couldn't plug it into an external speaker, no headphone jack, and the internal speaker sucked. I kept saying I'm gonna wait til prices come down. I also recently got Directv with the High Definition Genie Recorder Receiver, because I knew I was going to upgrade to a thin, lightweight, high def tv soon. Well I'm glad I waited. I got it at Walmart on Cyber Monday, and picked it up for around $200. It comes with a 1 year warranty, but I paid like $36.00 extra, and got a 4 year + 1 year coverage. That's basically the lifespan of any tv. Do yourself a favor if you've been waiting, and go buy this tv. I just checked Wally World's website and it's still only $259.00. I actually didn't know prices have come down this much. Oh yeah, the Sceptre name, I'd never heard of it, I'm 58 with a 30 year old Son, and I knew he knew a lot about the new tv technology, so when I told my Son I was thinking about buying a Sceptre 40" HDMI tv, and asked his opinion on it and he said buy it. His Uncle has one and he LOVES it. I hope this review helps in your decision making process. When I started looking at new tv's, I read a BUNCH of reviews, and not even 1 review out of that whole bunch was negative, they were all 5 star ratings. That helped me immensely with my decision on my Sceptre because people love to complain about whatever purchase they made, and leave bad reviews about stupid things. Apparently everyone is like me on this and LOVE their Sceptre 40".Beautiful Picture
I bought this TV a month or so ago and I am very happy that I did.Nice TV. Good value.
we felt we needed a new tv for the patio and this 40 in led from septre just fit our need exactly. has more features than we will ever use, but can't complain about that. good picture -lightweight - easy to install- can't comment yet about reliabilty as I just installed it today. I intend to get the 4yr extended warranty as soon as I figure out how to get it. when I picked the unit up at the store I was told they don't sell the warranty in the store(that don't seem right,got to check in on that) they give you a screwdriver to put it together but don't try to use it--it's too small, you would never get the screws tightjust what we were loking for
I bought this TV for the price from Walmart and it was one of the best purchases I've made. The TV was easy to set up on brackets, has great picture and good features that I've yet to take advantage of. Never really heard of Sceptre but now I have and glad I tried it out. Good value for an incredibly good TV.BEST PURCHASE I'VE MADE!!
After buying first Sceptra on Nov 30, I ordered a second one and received it 12/24/15Great value
We are very happy with our purchase. The picture is excellent! We would recommend this to anyone.Excellent TV!!
I bought this TV on Cyber Monday and I have no regrets. Great picture, sound and ease of setup. It replaces an "old school" Sony CRT TV I had and it rivals the Sony. I plan to purchase the sound bar to go with it and my experience will be complete.Great value for the money!
I have had my sceptre TV for about 6 months now and am absolutely pleases great TV at a great pricegreat picture color and clarit
I have had my Sceptre x405bv for about a month and I am very happy with it. Picture is excellent, sound is good and all features are functioning up to par. The price was very nice for the quality of tv and I would recommend this product highly.Very Good TV
I am very pleased with my recent purchase of this television. The price cannot be beat. Great picture and sound quality. I highly recommend this product!!!Great Product
I bought this tv a few months ago and i have fallen in love with the sound and picture quality.Awesome picture quality.
I just picked up the Sceptre X405 and I'm very pleased so far. The picture is terrific and the sound is surprisingly good, and best of all was the price that I paid for it at WalMart. Great buy!Great picture and sound
COULD NOT BEAT THE PRICE FOR ALL THE FEATURES THIS SET COMES WITH. ALREADY BOUGHT THE SOUND BAR AND RUKO STICK THAT THIS TV WAS BUILT TO USE WITH....JUST AWSOME.FOR THE PRICE CAN'T GET MUCH B
After reading many reviews decided to take a chance on the 40 " model. Didn't really
need another tv but Walmart had a deal I just couldn't resist so ....got it on line, shipped to my home & it arrived in perfect condition. This tv was packed to arrived in
good shape...broken tv screens are a common thing & this was shipped to arrive in
one piece so I was off to a good start. It was pretty easy to set up, I adj. the picture to
my taste...never touched the sound,it was fine so didn't mess with that at all. The tv is
very light,may wall mount later,has all the jacks I'll ever need ,can even hook up a pc to it ! The short story is, I can find nothing to complain about with this tv,really, it's a good product at a great price . If this set lasts...it will be a home run bargain for me !
Got 3 yr.warranty just in case......For the money ...I can't believe the picture quality !Sceptre x405bv 40' tv
I bought this Sceptre 40 inch HDTV..It has three imputs for high definition inputs like a Blu Ray Player....It has a input for your DVD player...You can add a Soundbar with the RCA output...It has really great high definition video..The sound is also good..It you add a soundbar with the RCA output..your TV system will be really great....Electrifying!!....It is even affordable..I am glad I bought my Sceptre HDTV.....It is very easy to set up and is really great..Sceptre 40 inch HDTV
I bought this TV Set over 2 weeks ago. It was very easy to set up. It works perfectly. The menu is easy to use. The speakers are much better than I would have expected. The price was outstanding. I ordered this product on the internet through Wal-Mart and had absolutely no problems. I'm very happy with my purchase.Excellent Buy
I'm very happy with this TV. It's got a great picture, great sound, and an even better price. It also has all kinds of additional features that aren't even listed in the ad. It's a great deal!Great TV for a Great Price
I bought this TV 2-months ago, a great purchase, not very good sound, as I found out most TV do not have great sound, I added a sound-bar, and now I have the perfect, unit, It meets my needs and then some. I would definitely, recommend this TVGreat Tv for affordable price
SO FAR SO GOOD. THE PICTURE, SOUND AND QUALITY IS GREAT FOR THE PRICE WE PAID. REMOTE AND HOOK-UP PRETTY SIMPLE TOO.GREAT BUY
Bought a 32" TV last year! Great product! Decided to get 40 in. this year! Would recommend this TV to anyone!!!Great TV
Awesome picture quality the picture is so clear & beautiful & the sound is amazing , the set up was so easy & user friendly, I got this Tv for our bed room and its perfect :) we love itAwesome picture quality/sound
I got a knock on my door this morning from Santa Claus. Well, actually it was the FedEx guy delivering an early present from my mother. Being the eager young man that I am I immediately cut open the box and hooked the TV up (don't tell my mom). Right off the bat it was super easy and quick to set up. I opened the box at 9:50 and by 10 I was happily enjoying The Price is Right!
The 1080p picture quality on this thing is incredible! I am absolutely sold on Sceptre products in the future, and will be buying the soundbar soon.Awesome picture quality!
I just recently bought this TV and it is so much more than I expected. the colors are amazing the sound is great and the price was great. I would recommend that TV to everyone is so lightweight I love it . I'm going to get the Roku stick to make it a smart TV I'll let you know how that works out but I only know this is a nice TV .awesome
the tv is really good, great price great picture, the sound could use a little help but over all very satisfied!!!!!!!great tv
Up until last year I had never heard of Sceptre and read some mixed reviews but went ahead and bought a 32" LED. Loooove it so I bought a 40" LED and a 19" LED for my kitchen.I still have an old big-box tv in a guest bedroom that refuses to die but when it does (or maybe before) you can be sure I will go for another Sceptre! The picture quality is great and they are easy to set up!Sceptre TV's: Great! All of em
I bought this tv to replace my old one and glad I got this on the swivel base is one of the best featuresgreat tv
To be honest I was very skeptical purchasing this TV. The product specs looked too good to be true. I did purchase the TV as the price could not be beat. After receiving the TV and setting it up I was amazed at the picture quality straight out of the box. Setup was a breeze and stand is very easy to install. Up and running within a few minutes! Made some very minor picture adjustments to my liking and room setup and dialed it in perfect. 1080p is outstanding on this unit. Overall I was very pleased and surprised. I would definitely recommend this Sceptre X405BV-FMQR!!Great TV!!
This unit has more to offer for the money than anything that is available anywhere. I have owned many sets over the years but this is my choice of a lifetime.Much better than expected.
Easy set up. Sound is very good, but the adjustment is slow when changing sound level. The picture is EXCELENT, no problen viewing sun room. where it is located. Ordered ROKU modual got it in just a few days, and like it better than the Sony II have at the LakeGreat picture, love ROKU
I bought this for our lake house and just love the bright picture and large screen. We currently have and old 19 inch picture tube model and this is like going from a model T to a Cadillac.Great value for the price
This has all the features I need. VGA port, 3-HDMI, RCA input & audio output. This is a winner compared to the more expensive brands.So far, a great TV!
This TV is great. Picture quality is awesome. Its speaker is not that bad either. I bought this one almost a year ago but never have any problem with it. Definitely the best budget TV out there in the market. Highly recommended!Great budget TV!
I purchased this to use in my art studio. For the price I paid, I was not expecting anything other than a mediocre product. Wow, was I ever surprised! This TV has better picture and clearer sound than the same size TV in my living room. I paid more than twice the price for the other brand. I liked this television so well that I just ordered the 50 inch to give to my mother as a Christmas gift.Great picture!
i love my new tv. it has great picture and sound. plus i like that it has all the cool accessories you can buy to go with it.its built great and looks great in my home!i love my new t.v
We've had this TV for about 8 months and so far it is still working great!Pretty good
I've had this TV for about 6 months and it works great. Color and sound are very good.Great TV
Ordered from Wal Mart Friday, 11.28.14, got Monday, 12.1.14 Took about 30 minutes to assemble stand, set up unit and begin viewing. ExcellentGoog buy
Walmart had this tv on sale.The picture is as good as my Samsung and at less than half the price.I put it in the bedroom. Can't weight to go to bed so I can watch it.Good Deal
I only purchased this recently. (About a week ago).
It seems to have all the functionality that I expected when I ordered it from Walmart.
Features and functions are exactly as advertised.
It has far more input/output capabilities that most far more expensive sets.
I like the one rear warranty, plus I purchased an extra 4-year warranty.
Only time will tell about overall reliability.Great Features
bought 6/23/2014 It has worked out great. The display is big enough to see across the room. Three other RCA tv's I have I can't see without getting up.WORKS GREAT
I've owned this TV for 6 months now, and I haven't had any problems. It's very light weight which makes it easy to move. The picture is great, and the swivel base makes it easy to see from different spots. The sound doesn't sound great when its turned up high, but at a normal volume its sounds fine. This is a great first TV.Awesome TV
This is my second Sceptre TV.Beautiful vivid picture awesome value and quality like a more expensive brand.Simply put,Sceptre makes great electronics.Great Value Great Quality !
I bought this tv about a month ago and it's been great.Great tv so far
X-mas present to myself for use at my cabin. TV is hooked up to a 30+ year antenna in the attic, surprised on the picture quality did not expect such good reception.Picture quality excellent
I got a great deal on this t.v. at Wal-Mart online. I read some good reviews but didn't have the highest expectations. It seemed to good to be true.
Right out of the box I was impressed. It was so light. The stand went on easily. And I like that it swivels. The picture is crisp and perfect. Overall it's a great purchase. I hope I don't ever have to write a review of the warranty process.Beautiful television!
This TV is better than I thought it would be. It is easy to set up and the picture quality is excellent! It is better than my Visio TV of the same size. I would definitely buy it again.Great TV, Great price
I bought this on sale from Walmart, and I'm happy with the picturegood picture, good price
Bought it for christmas and was easy to set up with no problem. Great picture once and sound once you do a little adjustment.Great TV
I bought this television as a family gift and we couldn't be more happier. Money well spent.Great Picture, Size, and Sound
I bought this for a spare bedroom when grandkids come over. I love it so much I watch it most of the time. Simple setup, great clear picture.Great TV
Well worth the price, Have had absolutely no negatives with this TV so far.Nice TV
Only had this a few days but for the price this one of my best decisions.it has all the features I need including being Roku ready i will definitely recommend this tv to my friends.great buy
I bought this 42" sceptre tv in early December, it was my second one. I got it because of it being bigger is the only reason. My old one went to my grandson and still works after 4 years. The price is great and the features are awesome. I use it not only as my tv but also as my computer monitor, one of the few tv that have a vga hook up.Love these TV's
I bought this as a Christmas present for my husband for our bedroom. We love it. The picture is great, the perfect size.Great picture.
Bought this on Cyber Monday! Great Deal for a great product!Great product! Great Price!
excellent picture and sound, 3 hdmi inputs, optic cable etc. remote is simple to use, overall a nice deal for a good productGREAT VALUE FOR THE PRICE
Bought this one month ago, it was delivered quickly and it was easy to put the stand on and configure. The quick access guide really helped and I really am enjoying my very own television truly for the first time, the colors are great, the sound is magnificent. I am very pleased with this low cost TV that should cost much more.Great color and smart tv!
Bought this for our sons room.He has said nothing negative about it.He Loves it.Picture clear and sound perfect.His xbox,wii,dish joey all really look natural,life like image's.It "swivels "say no more.Connectibility/ Swivels
I am very happy with the TV I received for Christmas. I like everything it offer on the TV and the picture on it.I like the Tv
we bought this tv about three weeks ago, and are very happy with it. Great picture, easy set up, good price.great tv at a great price!
I bought my 40 inch tv at Christmas 2014, I love it! The color is great, options on it are great. It's not heavy to carry, that's awesome!Awesome tv!!!
I received this as a gift and so far I really enjoy the the picture and the color.great picture
My daughter bought Two one for me and the other one for herThis is a great TV .I love it
I bought after looking at reviews and was impressed with what I read about this TVAwesome picture
First of all our tv arrived 3 days ahead of schedule which was a pleasant happening. It did not take long to set ;up with the HDMI cables and we were watching tv and streaming movies from one of the online suppliers. The colors are very natural and not run together. Look more like real life than a vivid sharp image of the LCD and Plasma sets we have.EASY TO SET UP
Just installed this screen with my Blu Ray/ Surround Sound system and the picture is fantastic...Great value for the cost!Out of the Box Great!
I bought this tv last summer (about 5 months ago) to replace the one in the living room that was blown up by lightning. I couldn't be more pleased. I got a bigger tv and a much clearer picture for about half the price. I was sceptical of the name and quality, but this tv has more than lived up to the great reviews I read about before I bought it. I would recommend this tv to anyone looking to buy a new one!Super TV Value!
i bought this tv and the picture is great and the tv is light and clear. audio is amazinggreat tv
Got this about a month ago, very happy, great picture. Lots of features, energy efficient.Great TV ,nice picture
The TV is just as it was advertised. It has a great picture, slim and trim and easily adaptable to cable. The only thing I miss from my Sony is the timer to turn on the TV in the morning. I work around that with an alarm on my cell. Great price on this TV with great quality.Great Picture
Excellent TV for the price! Set-up was easy, and the picture is beautiful!Great Value
We have had our TV for a year, and am so impressed with the sound, picture. With the low price, we wern't what we were getting as far as quality, but we are impressed with this set, and the remote is great!Great Allaround!
I bought this 6 months ago, and the grandkids have it on about 10 hours a day. The swivel base is really nice because we have it in a big room. The sound isn't great, but the picture is really decent.Great for the price
I've had this TV for two months. Its performance has been flawless, with excellent HD picture quality. With the addition of a sound bar, this unit is as good as they come, especially for the price.Great value
Owned it now for 3 months and there has not been one issue. Picture is clear and sound while it takes a bit to find the sweet spot is loud, full and still has great presence to understand dialogue. Controls for picture and audio are easy to understand, set and have a wide range to work with. Very impressed with the blackness of the black and that picture still looks acceptable at a 45 degree angle from the screen. Overall the family is very pleased with this model. A 40" is the perfect size for a room that is around 400 sq. feet.Best Bang for the Buck!
got this for christmas gift for myself.. my 1st flatscreen lcd.. happy with it I'm deaf so have no comments about sound .. abd closed caption works well.perfect
Purchased this TV expecting a decent TV and got an incredible TV. Little issues with the sound to start out, you would have to turn the sound up to 80 out of 100 to hear it. However after adjusting the sound with the internal adjustments you can hear the TV just fine on 20, we are extremely happy with the whole package.Great Buy
I bought this along with the 50 inch. Picture is great. Had a 37 inch in the bedroom before. Put this one on the wall and works great.Great picture and sound.
Unexpected hi quality from such a cost effective product. Installed it, turned it on, and everything worked perfectly. Am very pleased with the product.Hi Quality
The quality of this TV is the best. Picture quality is amazing even for over the air broadcasts.Great Features
I bought the Sceptre after reviewing many TVs. It uses Hitachi electronics and the soundbar deal was a bargain too. With sound bar, the overall viewing quality is excellent and compares to LED TV of twice the price.clear picture and sound
I have owned this TV since 5/2014 and I am totally happy with it. Beautiful picture.Feature Packed
Just bought this TV. Great price. Easy to install. Excellent documentation. Excellent picture. After a thorough evaluation of alternatives ---this TV was the best deal in town. The price was super. Plus the product had excellent reviews.Best Deal in Town
I had never heard of this brand before. The reviews were so good and the price could not be beat. First flat screen tv we have bought. Great picture and very easy to set up, like the swivel base. No problem's so far. Got it Dec. 31,2014. Would highly recommend this model.happy we bought this TV
Afforable TV with exelente image and soundaffordable TV
I just got this for myself for Valentine's day and all I could say is I'm at the movie's. I am very happy with this product.Love this T,V.
replaced an older flat screen, and am amazed at the difference in picture.Great picture
This tv has a fantastic profile, and the base swivels as well. This tv was a STEAL at the price I purchased it for. Under $300.00!! The picture is excellent, what I expect being a previous Sceptre computer parts customer. The sound definitly needs to be tweaked on this television, but nothing a sound bar doesn't fix anyways, even in a more expensive television I'd expect to use a sound bar. I would also appreciate a QAM tuner in any television 40'' or larger on my next purchase. Lets face it, In a couple years when I upgrade to UHD, I'll be back to purchase one from Sceptre. Very satisfied customer.Ultra Sleek
We bought this SCEPTRE 40" for my Mom who just turned 100 years last September 2014. We've been nothing but impressed with features of this TV. Sharp picture, good sound quality and the on- screen caption feature witch her old 25 year old console TV did not have. With minimal adjustments on picture(HD Signal) and sound this delivery's everything and more you would expect from a quality product.
We purchased this TV the end of January 2015 and it has been flawless. Thank you for building a great product. I have also have purchased a SCEPTRE X322BV-HDR 32" LED Class.Very Impressed !!!
This tv was our first HDTV and I am very pleased with the picture and the settings. It was an easy setup and is able to play multiple hdmi products.Awesome Picture
I'm very excited about getting this. This is my second flat-screen TV and the biggest one I've had. I live in a small space and it doesn't overpower the room. Incredibly easy to setup. No stress at all.great value easy set up
Fast and easy setup. Color is perfect and vivid!Easy setup
I got this 40" Sceptre for our bedroom just before Christmas at a very good price delivered, and haven't looked back sense. Easy set up .... rotating stand ..... excellent picture clarity and color with the rear LED's .... no blurring on action shots
.... excellent sound for small speakers rivaling much larger ones.
My only concern is the audio volume control being somewhat difficult to adjust for me at least, from soft to the loudest comfortable level between settings. I wish ALL t.v.'s would come with an "Auto Loudness Control" that would automatically and instantaneously adjust to each channel and audio broadcast to keep the audio at a pleasant preferred level at all times automatically to prevent having to continuously be reaching for the remote to adjust for the difference in audio from channel to channel and show to show.
Other than that .... I'll have no problem making my next t.v. purchase a Sceptre .... and I have already recommended the one I have resulting in a sale of one to a friend.'Nary One Complaint
Easy to set up. Lots of sound and picture options. The picture is great. Can't beat the price.Great Picture
we bought 2, one for my wife and i and one for our son, we are very satisfied with the productexcellent clarity great color
Just purchased this and am happy with it. Buying the soundbar now as I have surround sound, but wanted to try something new. Roku was fab and now I am happy girl. bye, gotta go watch some television!Easy setup
Really surprised with the picture quality of this tv. Will definetly consider Septre product for next purchase.Great Picture
I purchased this Sceptre tv as our old HD CRT tv was finally giving up on us eating our electricity. We don't have a lot of money so I did some research on what we could get that would be a daily use TV for us and provide everything we need. I dwindled down my list to 2 televisions. The Sceptre and another brand that starts with Hi*****. Both tv's had around the same specs and each tv had their pro's and con's listed by many review sites. So we decided to go with the Sceptre. This was our very first purchase of any sort of Sceptre equipment. Setup and unboxing was a breeze and was up and running in minutes. We are cord cutters and have only Internet, so the first thing I did was hook up my Rabbit ears to the TV and set the Sceptre to auto tune our OTA local channels. It pulled all 30 of them in with no problem. Setting up the rest of our AV equipment was a breeze and it was nice having three HDMI ports. I have an older desktop PC (w/no HDMI) I use as a media server and was able to hide it behind my entertainment center and connect it to my new Sceptre using a VGA cable and a 3.5mm audio connector cable. After dialing in the resolution on the computer to look great on the TV I was in my recliner with a wireless mouse and keyboard on the web and going through my entertainment library. Picture quality is very good for this tv's price point and won't dissapoint. The audio equalizer is also a feature you sometimes don't even see on very expensive panels. One feature I really like is that the tv can swivel. This is VERY helpful for those who have an entertainment center who need to ge to the rear of the tv or even clean behind it. All in all this is a very good television for the price I paid. It has some features higher priced tv's don't have and all the inputs and outputs you need. I would recommend this to my friends and family and have had no problems whatsoever since we purchased it a little over 4 months ago.Big Bang for Your Buck!!
Bought this TV about 3 months ago, never heard of this TV brand before, but t I'm sure glad I found them on Walmarts web site, It's a great TV for the price, and they have great assistance if needed. Thanks again!Scepter x405BV-FMQR GREAT TV
the Sceptre 40" has Hitachi components and produces a very high quality picture. I got the sound bar too which helps the sound quality tremendously.Very nice picture
Bought over a year ago, very pleased with performance.Good features
I bought this for myself at Christmas in 2014. The price was great, the picture is amazing, the features are plenty and perfect! My plan is to buy two more this year. One for my bedroom, and one for my mancave (to be built this summer).My 1st Sceptre but NOT my last
I have had my X405BV-FMQR for a few months now and couldn't be more satisfied. There is NO other brand that would sell a comparable set for the price I paid for this one. The picture is crystal clear; however I did purchase a sound bar, because the sound on these flat screen TVs is not the greatest. Other than the sound; I can't think of one criticism to give on this set.LOVE this TV
Had this TV for almost a year and it's still going strong. All the available options give this model an excellent choice. Compared to other similar HDTV's this is a smart buy!!!Nice picture - Smart price
This TV was easy to setup, has a great picture, easy to use and has every feature I could ask for on a TV. I had a Sceptre 32" in our bedroom which I was so pleased with that I purchased the 40" to replace it and moved the 32" to the kids bedroom (a smaller room). I am 100% pleased with the Sceptre products.Great Product
I bought this led tv about a year ago. Right out of the box it provided an excellent
quality picture. No adjustments needed. The swivel stand was easy to assemble. If your looking for an affordable quality tv, this is the one.Excellent Quality Picture
I got this for my son's bedroom, a gift. He just loves it. We love it, but now it's hard to get him out in the others rooms, to view our 55 inch TV with us, LOL. I'd buy another one , :).Great, We just love it.
Great product, very low price. Great picture.Great bang for buck.
Purchased this unit a couple of months ago and set it up for my wife to watch and stream her favorite movies to. She loves it and so do Igreat value
So far So good !!!! Really great PictureReally a great TV
Bought this as a computer monitor and it works great as a monitor and a TV. It has great color and good sound even without a sound bar. There is no lag in the picture when there is fast movement.Great as a monitor and TV
THIS TV IS WONDERFUL!!! IT HAS A GREAT PICTURE AND THEIR SOUND, FOR A BEDROOM TV, IS QUITE ACCEPTABLE TO ME. I READ A LOT OF BLOGS BEFORE I PURCHASED SCEPTRE TV'S AND READ BY A TECH THAT THE COMPONENTS WERE MADE BY SONY. I HAVE HAD SONY PRODUCTS IN MY HOME FOR MANY YEARS AND RELY ON THEM. THIS SCEPTRE 40" TV I PUT IN MY BEDROOM IS JUST AS WONDERFUL AS MY LARGER SONY BRAND IN THE LIVING ROOM.YOUR 40" SCEPTRE
Easy and straight forward set-up. Very little tweaking needed to adjust settings. Very Happy with picture quality. Using sound bar due to small speakers that are built into the TV. I am extremely happy with quality and price.Very Happy
I needed a new TV for our bedroom and decided to get a brand we never had before. I came across an add for this Sceptre TV; and boy, am I glad I ordered it. The picture is great, the swivel feature fantastic and the color is terrific.
Never thought I would get this much value at such a great price. Thank you, SCEPTRE!Terrific color
I bought this 1 week ago and so far I am very pleased.great price
Great TV for an awesome price and I definitely recommend it.Awesome TV!
I just got my tv and i'm amazed and impressed. The picture quality, the sound categories, the easy of navigation of the TV's features.I'm amazed
I had compared this set to other big name sets and found Sceptre was as good as the
more expensive big names.I was surprised when I had brought it home and set it up
how clear the picture was .The sound also was very good .It was a big change from my old set .I am very happy with my choicevery nice
I have purchased sceptre before... currently using the 32" as a nice monitor.. decided to purchase this brand of 40" based on my own experience with their products. Fair price, easy set up, great picture... also love the number of inputs available for components.. based on the unit I have used as a monitor, I expect trouble free use..nice customer service people and tech support..I'll buy another of their products when the time comes..I like this unit
I bought this TV two weeks ago and I love it! Great features and it was a easy set up! I would recommend this TV to my family and friends for sure! Also, I bought it at a great price!Great TV
Why bought? Good reviews, number of ports available. TV was very easy to install and set up - everything clearly marked. Had a ball playing with the options. Excellent picture quality, simple controls. I really like the picture-size options, they let me view any program or movie at full screen size without distorting the image.Love this TV!
With many to choose from this one stands out easily!Great Qualiy, value priced
I bought my Sceptre TV 9 months ago and love it! Great picture and ease of operation, I am very satisfied with my 40 inch TV.Great picture & price!
Good picture, great features. One down side is that the remote failed within a year. But it was easily replaced through the on-line storeVery good product
This is a recent purchase, so longevity will remain to be seen, but this is a great TV! It's a nice price point, and has a great picture, decent sound, and a nice look. A great feature is having 3 HDMI ports. With DirecTV, Blu-Ray, and a Chromecast, I needed that extra port, which is not available on TV's costing three times this much!Great picture, great features!
I GOT THIS TV JANUARY 2014 AND I LOVE IT. I ACTUALLY WENT TO THE THURSDAY BLACK FRIDAY SALE AT WALMART AND THEY WERE SOLD OUT OF WHAT I SEEN IN THE AD. THE BEST PART WAS ABOUT THEM NOT HAVING THAT ONE I GOT A BIGGER TV AT LOWER AT A BETTER PRICE AND THE REVIEWS FOR THIS ONE WERE GREAT WHERE THE OTHER ONE THE REVIEWS NOT SO GREA. THIS HAS A GREAT PICTURE, EASY SET UP AND NO PROBLEMS. AND THE BEST PART WAS I GOT AN AMAZING DEAL AT WALMART FOR THE PRICE ONLINE AND I GOT REBATE FROM MY ELECTRIC COMPANY WHICH MADE IT EVEN MORE AMAZING! I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS TV IN FACT I AM THINKING OF GETTING ANOTHER ONE FOR A DIFFERENT ROOM IN THE HOUSE.GREAT TV FOR THE PRICE!!!
The 40 inch screen is the perfect size for the room in which I put the TV. The TV has great color and clarity and I bought it at a great price.Terrific purchase!
Had only a few days. Wonderful so far.Great TV
I just ordered this tv everything seems to be going good the screen came a little messed up but that was probably shipping error and im getting it figured out with the helpful team everything seems to be pretty great about the tv. its my first flat screen. anyways the sound isn't very loud but it works nice for my husband and I. the screen seems to be pretty clear and im pleasantly pleased with the performance of the whole thingpicture is amazing
I was really impressed with this TV, especially for the price. The setup instructions are very clear and make setup super easy. I hooked a Chromecast up to it right away and the picture looks just as good as our Samsung of the same size.Great TV
nice clean look..... only a week old.............shipping was fast...no damage...........a bare bones tv......with a great lcd picture....great value........great little tv
I was worried that the tv was not going to be close to the standard name brands. I purchased the tv as a present to myself. So far I have enjoyed it and have not had any problems with the tv. I almost wish I had purchased two.Great TV
So far so good, clear picture, sound is good...if any doubt, go ahead and buy it.nice tv
Awesome picture but the sound is awful. I can't turn it up past an 8 or 10 on the scale and hear it without a buzz sound. But if you hook it up to a theater system--problem solved.Great TV for the price.
Good picture,soundGood tv for price
we bought this TV for my in-laws as an early Christmas present, nice price, nice picture, decent sound. Overall a winner for everyone!Nice TV for the price.
Overall I am happy with the TV. The price was right and I am happy with the size of TV. Picture quality is good.good tv good size good price
I purchased this as a drawing prize for my sister inlaws cancer benifit. I read other reviews prior to the purchase and am hoping the lucky recipient will have good things to sayNot sure hoping it is great
for the price, i was not expecting a top of the line tv. but, the tv performs very well. i do get a little rattle or buzz when i turn the volume up high. however, it's not a stereo. if i want to listen to sirius/xm music, i turn off the tv and use my stereo.

again, a very good value for the price.tv functions exactly as expected
I purchased this TV on Cyber Monday. It was the right size for my bedroom and the price was hard to beat. For the price I was not expecting anything great but it was for the bedroom. I must say I am happy to report that this TV beats my expecations for the price point. Picture is fantastic, Sound is OK. I enjoy watching my new TV in the bedroom and it is large enough that my Wife can see it fine without her glass's. If you need a good TV on a budget you can't go wrong with this TV.Great TV for the money
After having the TV for a couple of weeks, almost everything works as expected. But I have found one stuck pixel (turns on all the time). I was thinking to return it but late I decided to keep the TV (may be too much trouble and there is no guarantee the next one is better). Anyway I decided to just keep it.
Remote did not work very well, late I figured out that I have to point the remote to the bottom right hand conner not the middle of the TV. That is where the receiver is located.
This is my second LCD tv. Like I said the quality cannot compete with my 47" LG LCD TV which is 2 years old and no problem at all. But this TV is good enough for my bedroom use.good TV but there is one stuck pixel.
Great Picture and cannot beat the price.Nice TV
I got this tv for the blk Friday sales of 2012. It's main usage is for the bedroom. The price was great and the sound is also fine. Didn't buy the warranty.... So I hope nothing happens. Would recommend.Good for the price
Very fast shipping, I received the TV In 2 days. You can't beat the price of this 40' TV. I bought this for my bedroom and must say I am very pleased! :)Great!
bought for gift for daughter, very happynice product for price
A Sony by another name.Everything arrived on time. The picture is great,
next time I will save for a 120 Hz.The sound is poor but it works fine with
my amp. The headphone jack is in the back so it is hard to get to so I turn the tele.
sound off and put the headphones in the receiver jack. I would still recomend this
to friends. great price.great picture sound, not so much
I did rating comparing to sony / samsung!

Picture quality is not as good as samsung/sony if u put them side by side, but still, definitely its beyond my expectation for this little $299! I bought 3yrs WALMART coverage for $20 extra, now have peace in mind :D
Easy user interface, good contrast, shows good contrast between white and black, keep in mind 80000:1 contrast ratio ;)
Just to clarify: USB input is only for picture slideshows and audio music, not for MOVIEs from external hard drive! ($70 sony streaming player or $99 apple tv could be a good solution for internet tv and playing movies from external drive)

Over all, me and my wife love our tv :) we watch movie every single night!

PS: Definitely its way better than other cheapo brand like coby / vizio / westinghouse / dynex / insignia etc etc.Beyond Expectation!!
This was a good buy show good and sound good if u are looking at this tv buy it aim about to buy the 50inch now I have the 40inchGreat buy
After a week of using this TV I am very satisfied with it. I had previous experience with a Sceptre monitor so was willing to give the TV a try - and am glad I did. So far I am very happy with the picture and the sound. It seems to have a good set of features and is easy to program.Good affordable TV
Television arrived super fast. Good Job Walmart!

Set up was straight forward and easy. I was surprised it didn't find any on air digital channels by itself but I'm using it with cable so no need.

Virtual surround sound is cool.

Overall appears to be a fantastic deal for a television this size.

You must keep the original box for warranty purposes, not exactly a small box.....

Now awaiting the real test, the test of time.So far So good
The HD picture is excellent although the sound quality is only average. The TV stand does not seem very sturdy, but its working. This television is a good TV for a bedroom or secondary TV.Good TV for the price.
Nice picture, Good price .
It would have been nice if USB port was on front.Great tv at this price point
Great price for a good TV. The sound quality is a bit off and the picture is pretty average but for what it's worth I think its a great deal. I have no complaints with it so far. To improve the sound quality I'll just hook my surround sound system to it and for the picture quality I'll be purchasing an HDTV package from my local cable company. I believe it will take it from a good TV to a great one.I Like It!
The Sceptre meets my expectations at purchase. The picture is excellent, and the sound system is adequate, about what one can expect from these flat screens. I only wish they had a cheap sound bar to go with it. and Walmart delivered it a week earlier than the estimated time.Good TV for the price
The only thing that concerns me is the sound system - the speakers - they will not handle very much volume - even with almost no bass - they will rattle - I have a surround sound system so I keep the tv volume low and mainly use the jvc sound system I already had.great value for the price
I've had this tv about 2 weeks now in my bedroom. We went bigger from a 32 in LED to fit our components behind the tv. Picture quality is still pretty decent, but the sound can give a bit of a ringing noise so it takes some time to tweak the settings. Remote is a bit delayed and you have to push the buttons a little harder and often than normal. For the proce, can't beat it.So far so good
This Sceptre TV has all the basic features that I was looking for at this price level. The 1080p channels are great, just what I was looking for. The easy to get to hook-ups on the back side of the TV make hooking up my other products to TV very quick and easy. I now can do my internet surfing on my big screen TV.a good product 4 the price
Couldn't believe the price and it is performing as expected. Nice heavy duty base that doesn't just slide in but screws in also.
Was very easy to get set up and runningGreat for the Money
I got a really good TV for the price. It had a much better picture than I expected. I bought it on cyber Monday and saved even more. The online order came really quick(two days) and the pick-up at my nearest Walmart store went flawlessly. I'm a very satisfied customer.Great Tv for the price.
My only complaint is that there is a tiny "hole" in the lower right hand side that appeared from the moment the tv was plugged in. It bugs the heck out of me but I bought the tv for my parents and they say it doesn't brother them so they are living with it "as is".nice tv for price
This TV does not have the refresh rate to compete with some other TV's. But the picture is good enough, especially when combined with the low price tag. If you are expecting things to jump off the screen, you will be slightly let down. However if you are looking for a solid TV with a good picture and sound for games and movies, and enough jacks to support them, then this is your set. This is an excellent kids/game room TV.Great price
Overall this TV performs as advertized. I'm pleased with the user defined picture control. And for the average "joe six-pack", it's a good TV. One problem is that because it's not one of the major brands, the Direct TV Remote can not be programmed to control the TV. So the Sceptre remote is used to control volume and on/off.Good
I wanted a TV for by bedroom. I researched for a period of time. I did not want to invest a great deal of money since it was only going to be in the bedroom but wanted at least a 40". This TV does not disappoint. The picture clarity could be better but overall I am pleased with my purchase.great tv for the price
I use this TV as a computer monitor. I use a HDMI cable and it's decent quality. I'm guessing that it would look much better if I used it directly from a hi-def source. Overall, I'd recommend the TV. I can't speak to most of its features, but, for the price, it's definitely worth buying.As a computer monitor
Picture quality not as clear as I would have liked but I am not watching in HD.
Good for the money.Picture Quality
I purchased this for approx 320 early March 2012. Quick and easy to set up for a non-techie like myself. I am hoping the tv will last and not give out like some other reviewers indicated. I did not attach any devices such as dvd player or xbox. Just a basic cable setup.Great value
Bought this TV for $299 online. Amazing price for a 40" 1080P TV. The picture quality is good. Had a Apex 40" TV before but this is much better.Good TV for a Great Price
Received mine yesterday site to store for $299 plus tax. It works well, I have tested all inputs and menu features and really like the value. My only complaint is the energy guide decal on the front of the frame is stuck very well and I have yet too remove more than a corner. A scraping tool and subsequent cleaning of glue residue is in order. Rubbing alcohol from the pharmacy for $1 removes the glue left behing by the decal.Mine works fine, but I can't remove the decal
I purchased this TV on sale ($300). I was a bit apprehensive because I never heard of this brand, but after reading the reviews and most were positive I thought I would give it a shot. The only drawback I had was setting up the TV on the actual stand. The instuctions were not clear to me on how it should be done. After messing around with it I finally got it in correctly. I am really pleased with my purchase especially the price.Great TV at a Great Price!!!
this is a good second set for gaming use. Great value.great TV for the bonus room
so cheap and a great value, highly recommendAwesome TV
Bought the tv online for $320, well worth it, i wish it had more than one set of red white and yellow hookups, but it has plenty of hdmi ports. picture is good, the only thing i cant seem to figure out is how to take off the bottom holder that connects the tv to its stand, i mounted it on my wall and would like that piece to come off, it comes with an attachment that looks like it covers the bottom to make it flat and fits in there, but for the life of me i cant figure it out. Other than that, the TV is well worth the price, i would reccomend getting the service plan tho, for an extra $40 to have 3 years of coverage is worth it to me...for $320 its worth it!
So this was a breeze to set up, the on-screen menu is straightforward and the picture is quite good. Lots of inputs. The only real letdown is the sound. It's not so much the quality of the sound, but rather the maximum volume: Even with the volume all the way up, it's really only loud enough in a small room that is really quiet. If you're hooking this up to a home theatre, then that's not a problem, but without that you may be disappointed.
If you're wall/ceiling mounting this, keep in mind the 400*200 VESA mounting bracket dimensions.Great Bang for the buck, but sound not great
Everything was amazing up until I had to remove the front two stickers.
Sat there for an hour removing it and there's still residue left over.
TV = Excellent for price point. Stickers = Bush leaguewhat's w/ the stickers!?
We purchased our last inexpensive HDTV from Walmart.com so we looked there first when it came time for a new one. This was a nice sized screen, perfect for our small living room, for an excellent price. The picture quality is great, sound is pretty good, inputs are what we needed and the menus are easy to understand and navigate. The only issue we have had is that the remote control that shipped with the TV was broken on arrival. It was smashed. I contacted the manufacturer and they shipped a replacement that same day. The new one arrived and worked great.Excellent for the price!
I purchased this TV based on reviews that I had read. I found the same lack of sound quality as was described in the reviews, purchased a sound bar for the unit and problem resolved. Picture was just as good as the higher priced units. I also purchased a four year warranty with this TV and still spent less than my last TV, which was a Samsung. That one came with a 1 year warranty and went out after one and a half years (it could not be repaired).Perfect extra room TV
First HD TV for folks. Good picture, Sound is OK. Overall great value. Thank you very much...Good value
This is my first flat screen TV and for the price, it's a fantastic deal! I opted for the site to store free shipping, (even though we live rural and our closest Walmart store is 45 minutes away), and I have to admit, Walmart came through in just a few days. It was delivered to our store without any damage.

I'm older, (63), and not very technical savvy. My cable box is an antique, (10 years old), and has it has no HDMI hook-ups or HD compatibility.

It took me a full 2 days to hook it up, (with much trial and error and I had to figure several ways to do it), but finally, it works great and I'm pleased especially that I'm only viewing it with an analog signal.

If you want to know what I did, PLEASE ask and I will tell you!

For the money and especially for a 40" TV, this is a bargain!Seems Like A Good Deal!
Excellent value for the price.great tv for the price
I think it unfair to try and compare this product to a Samsung that costs 3 times as much. That being said I found this to be a great value. We finally replaced our aging 24 inch tube tv with this. HD looks great with the new HD DVR. I turned off auto sound leveling as others suggested.
It does seem it leans forward a little on the stand but not enough to affect viewing.
The connections on the back are on a lip that sticks out and the cables have to be put in toward the ceiling. This was a little bit of a pain but not like I'm back there everyday so didn't matter.

Free ship to store was really fast.

In this price range the only comparables I found were 32 inch 720p models. To go to a 40 1080p was great. No problems so far. Only real downside is my DTV remote can't be programmed to work with it correctly but not TV's fault.Great value
I bought this TV on cyber monday for a super deal. I am pleased with it so far. Great picture and sound. Its a awesome value for the price. I hope it has a good lifespan. Time will only tell!Awesome TV for the price
We used a wall mount and the part that would sit on a table top sticks down below the frame of the tv so you don't have a clean "frame"...but I can live with it. Set up was easy. Great upgrade for us, since we haven't bought a new tv in 20 years!Very pleased!
I bought this LCD 40"Tv from walmart on black friday I ordered on 25 December i got it at home on 29 December its gr8 tv pic quality is ok sound quality is good .Any way gr8 deal in $329 plus Tax.Nice LCD TV !!!
I needed a tv for my teenagers to play video games on, watch movies. When I saw this for $249, plus a 3-year warranty at only an additional $29, I took a chance that I wouldn't be sacrificing too much quality for price. My teenagers hooked this up pretty easily. They don't have an HD box, but the SD channels come in pretty well. We are still awaiting new stock for their xBox One, so they haven't yet had a chance to play video games on it. The sound quality on this isn't the greatest...I would suggest pairing with a sound system, which we have and will do once the xbox arrives. Overall, this is a good set and an excellent value. I would recommend it, especially if you are looking for an add-on set like we were.Great for the price
Good TV for a small room.Good value
I was very skeptical about buying this tv cause its sounded ridiculous for a 40inch at this price. But best believe im a believer now! Looks awesome on with my ps3 hooked up, crisp and clear. I think the sound is not super but its very decent for me, unlike others that say the sound is of horrible. Most tvs arent going to sound like a true sound system anyway. I ordered the tv on 11/13/11 and recieved it today on 11/16 and it was free shipping to my house!! Overall anyone would pleased to have this tv.Cant beat the price!!!
Unfortunately I dont use this as an HD tv and of course the wide picture looks a little distorted but on my cable system the major networks CBS< NBC<FOX>ABC come in on HD if you select higher channels and the picture is great in HD. My only other problem is there are too many settings. Its really difficult to make choices. Sometimes basic and less are better.Good value HD Tv
Great TV for its price. Back lit it not perfect, when picture is completely black, you can see the backlight is not even.
Main thing is that it works with my Macbook Pro with the mini display port to HDMI (This is a bit tricky- the following seems to work every time so far:
1: open the TV on the HDMI source
2: after a couple of hours that my mac book was a sleep, I do the login, and right after the login connect the cable to the mini display port
)
Only had the TV for a few weeks, and so far works as expectedSo far working as expected
The picture is great. The price was great. It did not come with a HDMI cable, I bought one just in case. It takes a little longer than usual for it to start, the SCEPTRE logo comes on first, so far that is my only complaint. The TV has only been used for 5 days.Beautiful picture, fantastic price.
Work great but don't like some of the features; mostly associated with the remote. Doesn't seem to want to change multple channels using up/down selection. Wants to stop on the first channel and tune to it before moving on. Need to press the number buttons very hard to select. Great picture. Easy to set up and operate.Great for the price
Nice tv for the price..Nice TV for the price..
This was a good deal. Found this tv on sale cheaper than the Black Friday deals. I just wish they had listed it sooner.Good TV for the price.
The tv is an incredible value for its 1080p and LED features. Super slim tv. Required minimal installation for tv stand. The sound isn't as loud as I thought for loud purposes. For casual tv viewing or gaming it's good. Don't be scared because of the brand, the tv is great. The price is just right and comes with a year warranty. No questions asked .
I'm thinking about Buying a Bluetooth tv sound bar for that extra sound during moviesGreat tv for the price, don't be scared!
Great product for the price. Found similar peoducts but the price was the clincher.Great Product for the Price
Easy to set up, they give you a nice screw driver for easy assistance! picture looks good, just takes time to adjust yourself. When playing PS3 the sound isnt so good, but watching tv through the AV sounds much better. not sure why they would be different. Remote comes with batteries and very easy to use. overall good tv for the price! I never heard of the model but I'm happy with my decision. I have 4 different name brand TVs but happy with all of them.Great TV for the price!!
I got this for my mom as a replacement for her 32" CRT TV.
Got it hooked up to an OTA antenna and she was just amazed at how good it looked and sounded. As far as she is concerned, this is an excellent TV in all categories. She likes how the screen is about the same height of her old TV and fits perfectly in her old entertainment center.

Me knowing a bit more about TV's, I still give it a overall good rating.

My biggest complaint is I wish it had a composite video input on the side. The grandkids come over with their game systems and hooking them up requires unplugging her DVD player and hooking up the game system. If she had a side input (or another rear composite) it would be perfect. I don't see a need for 3 HDMI inputs.
TV channel tuning is also a bit annoying, You can not manually add a channel, you must do an automatic channel search then delete the ones you don't want.

Speakers are fair, I have no major complaints for regular TV viewing. It is not as good as a sound bar or stereo hookup, but as is it works. It does have a standard 3.5 mm headphone output jack that you can plug in some cheap 2.1 speakers for improved sound if needed.
TV picture is also decent, even out of the box it is not bad. I did a little tweaking and it looks even better. Black/bright blue's are not the greatest, but again, for the average viewer, nothing they would probably notice. Night time scenes were initially very dark, but just using the preinstalled picture options improved viewing.
The screen is a matte finish (a little shinier, maybe more a satin like finish) so not a ton of light reflected off screen.

If it goes on sale for 250 again I may get myself one for a replacement for my 32" LCD (also a Sceptre) in my bedroom.Great budget TV
This tv at this price was a great deal. Once I changed the factory settings to brighten the picture and improve the sound (the factory had it set to dark and tinny apparently) the tv works really well. I've seen better pictures, but at much higher prices. There were plenty of connections. It works really well when connected via the HDMI connection. That really enhanced the picture. There were many adjustments that could be made for your preference in picture quality and sound. And the size was fine for our small living room. All in all, this was a great bargain. And believe me, I needed a great bargain. I just hope the tv lasts for awhile. No way to review that at this point.Great (really great) tv for the money
I have had some experience with the Sceptre line of computer monitors, and it has been positive. This unit is representative of that. Easy set up, good digital+analog tuner found all the channels it was supposed to. No reset problems.Good Value for a 40" LED
Great TV for the value. Started up right out of the box. Plugged in set the auto channel search and we had great picture and sound. DVD player also worked well.great TV straight out ogf the box.
I was very pleased with the store to store free shipping especially when an item is as heavy as a TV. The TV was easy to connect with the cable box and I only had to call the cable provider once to get the picture right. The sound is exceptional; much better than others. I've only had it a week so we'll see as time goes on. My other TV's picture just went out and I had only had it for 4 years. This is a new brand to me so we'll see how long it lasts.Love the larger screen and the sound is terrific.
I was surprised at the good quality of this tv for the cost. I do however have the same problem with the sound that others have complained about. It just doesn't play loud enough. Overall I am very satisfied with it.Great product for the money
Works great so far(had a week) as a PC moniterUsing for PC moniter
Replaced my 40 inch LCD with this one. Was able to adapt wall mount from old TV to this one. Much lighter in weight and has a great picture. 60Hz works well since it is in my master bedroom which is darker than other rooms and speakers are adequate for bedroom sound.Great buy for the money
For an off-market brand TV it is better received than expected. Picture quality is decent and there are added features. Would buy again.Good Value.
Very thin and light weight. First couple days had problems with the screen and red lines kept appearing. Have since went away. Was skeptical of brand at first but the screen and sound are good. TV is just right for a bedroom. Easy to navigate and function and easy to set up.GOOD TV
This is the least expensive TV out there for a 40". Nice picture, great sound and an exceptional value. The only thing that I don't like is that I have to first turn on the receiver and then the TV or I don't get any sound. Took me awhile to figure it out, so now I just have to get used to it.

This TV was previously listed with over 2000 reviews and it was an overall 4 star rating. That is why I purchased it. You really can't go wrong for the price!Great for the price
Just what we needed for side roomsceptre
simple to set up,clear instructionsGREAT VALUE FOR THE MONEY
At first I was skeptical because I was unfamiliar with the brand name...but now that I own this I think it's a very good purchase.Sceptre 40" LED HDTV
It was nice to connect the computer to this TV and quality of picture is good too.
Needs VGA cable separately.
Cannot watch movies from flash drive but, the flash port built in can view other smaller media (pictures, music).I am enjoying this product.
The quality of this TV is more than I expected. Overall a great TV for the price paid. Would purchase again.Sceptre TV
I read quite a few reviews before purchasing this TV, so we knew to expect the sound quality to be sub-par. Just plan on adding some sort of outside sound and it fixes that issue. We ordered it site-to-store and it arrived in perfect condition. The picture quality is great and is just as good as some of the more expensive sets I've seen. Overall this is a wonderful TV and we hope to enjoy it for a long time to come. (We also purchased the 4 yr extended warranty/protection plan, so we should be able to achieve that goal.)Great TV for price
I have to be honest...I did not expect this TV to be as good as it is. I put this TV on my back patio area and really did not expect as nice as picture for the price I paid. Sometimes you really do get what you paid for...Surprisingly Good!!!
Great tv great pricegood produce
Great for the playroom.Great
If you are looking for just a great picture good sound and a tv with the ability to add many peripherals ie(DVD gaming) excellent buy I am very pleased...Great tv for the price
Good for playing gamesGood for playing games
I was looking at getting a smaller LG tv from Newegg but when it showed up as out of stock just before cyber Monday, I came looking here. This tv was cheaper than the LG and larger for less $$. I'm very happy with the tv and the notes from other reviewers about how to fix the picture and sound were very helpful. It took me a while calling Time Warner and Sceptre to figure out what the remote code was for this tv, (turns out it uses Sony code).. 001 worked for me. My only complaint would be there needs to be one more set of red/yellow/white jacks as I'm running one set short to plug my stuff back in since switching tvs.

I would definitely recommend this tv to anyone looking at it.Very happy with my purchase
sound quality not the greatest it needs to be hooked to a surround sound all the time it a good tv for the pricegood tv for the money
I think its a really good tv. The picture and price was great. My only complaints are (although this might be my fault not sure) the resolution says its 1920x1080 and is able to use your pc under that resolution but it said it wouldnt support it. The sound isnt good i would recommend using something else for audio. I wish it had the Picture-in-Picture feature but it doesnt.Its a good buy if you have a sound system already
As advertised.Great TV for price.
Wow! its huge but lite and love the way it looks in my living room.It came
I've only had this for a few weeks, but it's getting the job done in the bedroom with a connection to a genie mini (whole home DVR). I haven't really tested out different features simply because it's working fine as is right out of the box. This is not our main TV and will not be heavily used, but it's the perfect size for our bedroom and watching the news when we wake up in the morning or letting the kids watch cartoons in our bed on the weekends. The stand is a bit flimsy (thin plastic) so the TV leans toward the left slightly, but I will be mounting it soon. I bought the TV at a seriously discounted price with tempered expectations, hoping it will last a few years and not that this was going to be the latest and greatest TV ever and so far everything is better than expected. However, I did buy the protection plan just in case, since that was also inexpensive.Good price, picture & sound; lightweight & thin
very good tv for the price. I am very happy with the size and the picture quality. Great tv.nice size for a small room
Really can not complain with this TV for the price. The quality is what is to be expected. If the sound was better it would get a 5 star. Other than that it is a great TV under 300.00A great TV for the price.
It is great product for the price!! What do you expect for $249~~~Good value
Affordable and truly measures out to 40". Nice picture and sound.Good TV for the price.
This was an excellent value for the money and we are enjoying it very much!!!40" LED Television
I bought the TV for my smoking lounge in the basement. It's a 11' x 13' room and this is a great size. The picture is really good and it has all the features I need. For the price, not sure how I could beat thisAs a spare room TV, this can't be beat
GoodGreat tv
We've had our TV now for almost a month. My husband and I are both happy with the TV.good quality for the price
This is the second Sceptre we have purchased, and both were for our kids who had moved out. While I knew that these would not give a picture like our more expensive model name brand tv, I knew these would serve the purpose for our twenty something kids. This one we bought for a daughter who doesn't have cable and watches everything on her computer. was not a problem setting it up at all. She may not have HD because it is streaming from internet, but it serves her purposes and it was a decent value. Daughter is happy.Great Value
Easy to set up, sounds good, looks good. No problemsGreat TV for bargain price
For a set I watch rarely and wanted for so long this does the trick. I wasn't familiar with this brand but couldn't pass it up when I saw the price for the size of the tv. Not sure how to work all of the features on it and should read the manual more. If it is a larger tv with a good/great picture you can't go wrong with this one.Watched rarely
great tv for the pricegood tv for the price
Excellent picture quality. Not real impressed with the audio quality.Great TV for the money!
Have TV up for a week now and the picture is gorgeous and clear, think a sound bar is def needed as the sound seems lowLovely picture
I love my new tv, came on time. It is very clear, vivid picture, the sound can use some speakers for clearer sound but overall great buyGreat product
My husband and I bought this for our Living room. We were unsure of the brand.. But for a starter tv.. At that price? We went for it.. We've had it for a few days and I like it! We got the 4 year service plan because of the reviews ..Good
Great Price for a Large TV; Sound quality is not great-but this was purchased for the basement for the kids to use-They are happy!Great Value for a Basic TV!
I bought the TV for my mother's room in the nursing home. She loves it that she no longer has to watch what all the other people are watching on the group TV.Great for mother's room at the home.
under $300 and for 40 inch.tv it is worthy. It does not work with xfinity cable box remote.so you have to use both remote.(original TV remote and cable box remote).Quick shipment from Wal-Mart was great.Affordable good 40 inch HD led TV.
So far so good, the TV is looking pretty awesome. We have only had it for a couple weeks but
from what I have seen, the TV is just as good as a name brand one. Blu-ray looks amazing. Sound is not bad, wondering why so many people have commented on poor sound quality. I have heard much worse!Great TV at a great price
For the most part this TV has a lot of great features for the price 4 HDMI, 1 Composite, 1 Component, 1 Antenna.... The only thing that is a little lacking is changing between sources and the inability to name them. But you get what you pay for.Great TV for the price
easy to hook upso far,so good
The only problem that I found with this tv is that the sound isn't good. We just used a sound system with it.Good product at low price
I WAS VERY PLEASED WITH THIS TV AND ALL THAT IT DOES. IT IS VERY EASY TO UNDERSTAND AND DOES WHAT IS SUPPOSE TO VERY WELL.Great tv for the price.
Good picture ~ Sound is terrible!! You will HAVE to hook up additional speakers.good value
This is a good tv for the price but the sound is not that great. You need to put a 40" tv in a larger room but then it's difficult to hear unless you have the volume up really hig. We had to purchase a sound bar to make it better quality sound.Good tv for the price
The picture quality for the price of this TV is astounding. It is fortunate that great care went into the picture quality, since this is the crux of TV viewing. One can't expect the highest quality in all areas for such an inexpensive price. This TV is no different. Where it astounds in picture quality, it wins no award in sound. However, if you have a surround setup, or really any external sound amplification, you'll do alright with this Sceptre. If you have HDMI accessories, you'll appreciate the 3 HDMI inputs. However, don't expect much beyond that. There is a standard RCA input for video and audio, but even this is taken away in you have any composite connections like a WII or other. If you're looking for a simple TV that delivers great HD video, this light weight, thin profiled flat screen will fill the void nicely.Great Value for a good TV
Great picture and a lot of TV for the money.Good Value
I haven't had this tv long but the price was unbeatable for a tv this size. It has enough hookups in the back and a good picture when on HD channels. The speakers aren't the best, but also not the worst. I have mine hooked to a surround sound, so it do not matter. Bang for the Buck!Bang for Buck
Love The Tv! Very Light Weight An Clear Picture!Nice!
The picture is beautiful, the color is good, the sound could be a little better, but it is ok.
I was a little apprehensive about buying this product, but I am glad I did. The price was
great and it works good.Sceptre 1080P HDTV 40"
This TV is slim and very light weight. I have it in my bedroom, so it is the perfect size and the sound is just right. It has a pretty good picture too and the price can't be beat.Great value!
At 239$, one of the top deals of them all for a 40" bigscreen. Works great as my second bedroom TV. Sound is weakest part, as with most big screen TVs. Get a soundbar . . . I highly recommend this unit.Well worth it!
TV good buy but sound level ??? can't increase sound as with other sets.Hard of hearing
I am enjoying my Sceptre HDTV, the picture could be a little more clearer, but for the price, I definitly got a great bargin. Easy to operate and has features that I was looking for.Awsome TV I am enjoying it, can't beat the price.
Good product for a good deal.Good for the price.
great Picture, bright screen, Color is fine but my DirrecTV service does dot accept any of the codes provided by SECPTRE setup, though the DirecTV menu Lists Sceptre. I've tried more than 20 times, entering each code with no success. I got no response from the SCEPTRE Customer service either. If I cannot resolve this problem I may have Co so I mave to return it for another brand. largelou2Problems Intergrating with DIRECTV remote!
Sound isn't the best!Decent for the price
enjoying; great price and seems to be very good quality.very nice tv... enjoying
Bought this Sceptre online because of the price and the name. I'd boughten a Sceptre monitor for my computer years ago and I still use it everyday (alot). Normally I would not buy a TV w/o checking out the picture first, like at a brick and mortar store. Picture quality is very good, lots of fine tuning options, of course, easy assembly, plugged it and let it run through set up and channels, ect. and was good to go! Probs not the best TV on the market, but for the amaze price of $249, 40" I really think I scored a great deal here:)Very Good Picture, for buying online
Bought this TV for Christmas and waited to review until mid February. I did not immediately like the product and had to find the right adjustments to the color and contrast. After experiencing with adjustments I would like to say that I am very happy overall. The TV does need a sound bar and I plan to purchase one soon. I have owned the brand in the past and expect that it will last.Great TV for the price
Good quality and great price. I love the sound system and the lookGreat tv
Good price on Walmart.com. but why can't I just go the store and buy it for that price??good online price
I was not at all happy with the way it was delivered. They just left it lay out all day on our porch. Someone could have stolen it where I live by apartments. I had just got an email from you saying it was going to be later than the original date of delivery. So, I LOVE THE PRODUCT but not at all happy with the delivery. Thanks.very happy with my tv.
Very good tv I was very impressed sound could be better but overall a good tv for the pricegood tv
You should always expect that you get what you pay for in electronics. Like many other reviews posted, the sound quality is not great. However, its not that bad. Pretty average for a smaller/average size TV. Works great for a smaller room or bedroom, would not recommend for a family room or larger room that would require a higher level of sound. Unless you will be using surround sound. Other than that the picture is decent. Design is decent. Overall a good buy for $300.Good bedroom TV
My mom needed a tv for her living room but she didn't want to pay a lot of money , so we found this tv on cyber Monday and she is very happy.Nice picture for the money
My son is pleased so far, I have not seen the set yet.
I make this review based on his imput!Bought as gift for son
Good picture and controls. It's at least good for the money.Good for the money
Perfect tv for the room, no need to look anything better!!!!Great
great tv for the money and just the basics which was what I was looking for nice pic and sound.great tv for price
THE COLOR IS GREAT. THE EXTRA HDMI PORTS IS A PLUS, THE ONLY DRAW BACK IS THE SOUND COMES AND GOES. PURCHASED A SURROUND SOUND SYSTEM TO HELP WITH THE VOLUME PROBLEM. THE T.V IS VERY THIN AND SLEEK.GREAT VALUE FOR PRICE
This tv has everything a low cost tv can offer plus much more I'm happy with my Wal-Mart purchase and free delivery I would purchase another tv just like this one with my eyes closedexactly what i ordered and needed
it came before expected. i knew the sound wouldnt be all that great but we had a bose surround sound waiting. picture is great and dvds/blue ray looks outstanding.great tv
Greatvery helpful
I bought this TV 6 weeks ago ...I must say for the money you will not beat it..
easy to setup..the volumn is a little low but you can chane the audio setting
and get all the volumn you want..The picture is clear and bright....good buy for the money if
the TV holds up for a long time..I put it in master bedroom ...GREATGEAT TV for the price..
I am pleased with the picture quality; I was surprised in fact by how clear it is. The TV was packaged so as to REALLY prevent damage in transit. It is simple to set up.
The only issue I have is that if it were going into a larger room I would need a sound bar; the volume leaves a little to be desired. Fortunately it is in a smaller room 12x12, were the volume will be no issue.
I like this TV so far.40 inch Sceptre
TV works great....sound does have a little echoing depending on the setting you have it on. just changed the setting till I found the one that was best... Glad I chose this one.. Price was right...Worth the price.
Very happy with product, crystal-clear HD TV, quick shipping, great value.Great HDTV, Great Value
Great TV for a bedroom or second room. I would most likely purchase a higher end known-name TV as my primary TVExcellent value
Great TV but the sound quality isn't impressive. I have to turn up the volume to 60-70 to be able to hear without any other distractions going on. Because of this, I'll probably buy a new sound system or sound bar.

The value of this TV is great. Could not pass up of a 40 inch tv for this cheapGreat TV but the sound quality isn't impressive
picture is somewhat lacking in brightness but overall it is a very good tv this sizegood tv for the price
For the price its a good TV. Sound is a little tinny.TV
The next morning after I ordered the TV I started getting a lot of special deals on TV from Wal Mart some was lower in price than I payed So I am not sure I got the best beal on TV I think I got a better TV than those 40'' That had a cheaper price But I am not sure Over all I like the TVGood tv and easy to set up
My purchase through Walmart Online was a good decision. Walmart's service was GREAT! And the Walmart price was GREAT also.

The Sceptre 40" TV was also a good price/value.

I only have one minor problem with the TV: The volume control doesn't allow for us to turn down real low. There's a final, low indicator that isn't quite low enough. (Very minor problem).

OVER ALL -- A GOOD VALUE FOR THE MONEY!The Sceptre TV is great quality..... but...
Great TV for the price. Sound needs improvement. Picture quality is excellent. This brand is new to me. I would recommend it to friends and family. As soon as I find out how to improve the sound quality I plan on trying the 46 inch in this brand.Great for the price.
Good tv for the low priceGood
Meet my need for an inexpensive setGreat value
Sharp image at a very affordable price. Multifunctional use. Great tv.Awesome display for my business
It was an unknown name brand, but it was for Christmas, and they didn't have any big screen tv's reasonably priced in store, so we gave it a try. We've had it now a little over 2wks, and so far I'm not disappointed in the product, but its early still. I would've been more comfortable with a trusted name brand.overall its average
For a basic tv with no special features, this is a great buy. Screen is easily adjustable to suit environment, colors are good and picture is sharp!Needed a basic TV
Slim design, acceptable picture quality, and built-in QAM tuner! Sound is not good, though. Anyway, a good product for the low budget.Nice tv for the budget
I bought this TV for my son and his family. They are very pleased!! Picture is excellent.Great value for the price!!
for the price you cant go wrongi would recommend
This TV is a great buy for the price. It helped me to make the change to a flat screen even though my old TV's were still working. At this price, you can afford to see TV's as a throw-away item and you don't have to have movers to get rid of them. I am seriously considering replacing all my old TV's with great buys like this.How could I afford not to buy this TV?
I purchased this set to replace a 32" TV. Everything was as I expected. Setup is easy, just read and follow the setup guide. Picture quality depends on your setting choices; HDMI is always the best choice when possible. The only way to improve the sound is with a soundbar or speaker system. As with any electronics purchase, buying the extended warranty is A MUST BUY! ! !Sceptre is an American Company (California
Excellent TV for the price, good color & decent sound.Excellent TV for the price!
It has a great picture. We have bought it for the room that the grandkids stay in when they are over.very nice
Simply great!Very Good Purchase
Easy to set up. Really light weight. Great picture. The only let down was that it didn't come with the screws for the wall mount. Great buy!Great buy!
So far So goodGood TV
I bought this TV for my bedroom. It is the perfect size and has a good picture.Good TV for price
This was a first for me. First online electronic purchase and flatscreen tv. I was very nervous about both, but so far so good. Two complaints though. 1. Sound quality for the tv is fine when watching tv, but during a movie it's difficult to hear tge dialogue. 2. When I went to Wal-Mart to pick up the tv. The box was roughed up a bit. Had me a little worries that the tv was damaged, but all was fine. Picture quality is great. Mounting plate assembly went together very easily.Great first buy!
It is real good for the priceGood
Not great, but not bad, an ok product.Ok Product
Great buy for the money. Liked it so well, bought one for my father.Great Buy
If you're hard of hearing, you may want to consider getting those sound boards. During the holidays, I got the 32 and the 40". very satisfied! easy set up, and very easy to set up to your cable provider. Only suggestion for setting up your cable remote is to contact Sceptre directly because your cable company may not have enough codes, which I haven't done yet! so I'm still using both remotes.great TV for the price I got it for!
First TV had to be returned due to a dent in the top which caused a white streak at the top of the screen. It was replaced and is good tv for our bedroom.Christmas TV
Haven't had the TV long enough to say a whole lot yet.Great tv for the family room
NiceIt has a Good Picture. Great for the price
works great hope it last long long timegetupoffthatthang
Easy to set up, Picture isn't bad for the price. Delivery was fast and inexpensive. Just a good buy for what you pay..Wonderful TV for the price!
Volume is too low.Good TV for money
Great set love the price you've made this a very merry Xmas for metv
I received this item extremely quick and after some small assembly, had it up and running, and what a great item. The picture is very clear and the display is bright and it looks very good. I am very happy with this purchase.Love IT!
Very sati satisfied with the product. The directions were easy to get it installed and picture looked good. After we hooked up the HDMI cord it looked even better. Great deal for the price.Couldn't beat the price!
Less than month with TV, but so far it has great picture and sound. Would recommend this to a friend.Good for the money
Great for the price but you may want to get a better remote the battery cover keeps falling off.Good TV, but poor remote
We needed a new bed TV and it didn't need to be anything special but this TV gives us all we wanted and more. We will enjoy it for years to come.Our Spectacular Sceptre
got it for mom and she loves itmoms tv
Sound isn't greatsepture
Tv is in garage. I needed to buy a speaker because it doesn't have enough volume. All good otherwise.Huh?
Great priceGreat TV
Nice TV for a low priceNice Tv
I put this tv in my bedroom and out of the box and hung on the wall within 30 min. Looks great and sounds good from across the room.Great value tv for a bedroom or playroom
Let's get right to it, I've used this tv for about a month now and this Sceptre tv has preformed wonderfully. Now that being said it does need some adjustments right out of box to make this tv excell. It took only a few minutes to adjust the sound quality, I turned the bass setting to max and treble at about 3/4, this made the sound quality much richer. Adjusted the picture quality, Turned the picture setting up to "warm" and "Vivid" and now you have a a tv that rivals my Samsung that was about twice the price! The walmart protection plan is what sold me on buying a tv brand I've never seen in person before. Any problems covered for 4 years, heck yes I'll take that warranty! I will be looking to buy another Sceptre tv for the kids' rooms in the future.Sceptre made me a believer!
Nice tv for the pricesceptre
every thing has what i expected great picture but the sound is very weakgreat tv except for the sound
This Sceptre TV appears to be a Sony knock-off because our DirectTV remote programmed with Sony codes. TV arrived three days earlier than promised. The picture and sound is as good as any I've seen. 4.5 out of 5.Sony knock-off?
Great TV for the price. Used very little so far because this is used in a second home, but based on a previous purchase of the same brand, I'm looking for the same service. Great value, plus 1 year factory warranty on parts & labor vs 90 days on most other brands.Great for the price
I bought this for my daughter and she just loves it. It has a beautiful picture and all her friends want one now. Very happy with the purchase.GIFT
no surprisesgood picture - easy setup - good sound quality -
We never heard of this brand (Sceptre) but due to the price for a 40 inch TV, we thougt we'd give it a try. It truly is a nice TV, however, the sound quality could be a little better, but overall, we have no complaints. :)Nice TV for a great price!
I purchased the 32" model of this TV in January of 2014, also from Walmart, to use as a computer monitor. I was very satisfied with it, so during their Black Friday sale in November I decided to purchase this model to use as a regular TV, along with a gaming system. This 40" performs exactly the same as the 32". The picture is sharp and crisp. The controls are easy to understand and change when I have desired to. As many others have said, the sound leaves much to be desired, but it's very easy to install a separate sound system. It also has a headphone jack for those who might want to be able to listen without disturbing others. It doesn't have all the bells and whistles more expensive TV's have, but you certainly get value for your money with this unit, and has all the hook-ups (headphones, HDMI, RCA) the average person would need.Great deal for the price
Being 67 years old I found it fairly easy to set up. I had a little trouble & my wife helped me a bit .I needed to turn on the remote controller to the cable box . So that probably is not the fault of Spectre. I moved our electricity to hide the hook ups . Built a shelf . Built a small shelf for the cable box. The cheap wall mart wall bracket worked very good. Everything is off the floor for the wife. Clean look. Rewiring the outlet & putting a new outlet up on the wall really hides the wires but that takes a little knowledge & some tools . But the TV is great. Had it now for 2 months.fairly easy
Once I got it set up it is real nice. Not being electronic savvy, it took a little while to understand the instructions but I am enjoying it now. Still don't know all the functions, but all I need to know for what I want, mainly watching dvd's . Have a wall mount in route for it now. .Great picture
In General I'm very satisfied. I think that WALMART FAULTSLY described the TV by listing 3D Components, inferring that it was capable of displaying 3D movies. The sound is very poor unless hooked up to a proper amplification, and speaker system. The pictured is excellent.Overall Pretty DARN GOOD!
I was surprise at the quality of this TV, it serves the purpose, my Mother-n-law is very happy with this TVexcellent product for the price
TV works great, only problem I've had is programming my DirecTv remote to the TV. Other than that this TV is perfect!Great TV for price!
This set is perfect for my need. I do find the volume control is a bit on the low side and the picture is not as bright as expected but still a good buy for the money.Great buy.
Delivered on time. Easy setupgreat value
The only problem I had was assembling the tv stand and getting the rubber ring piece on.tv
Just got rid of old 27" analog with converter box: I am not very experienced about HDTV and I do not have cable---------so I use and air antenna and I think it would be great with cable. I am satisfied.I love it.
Love it speakers should project forward not back but love itSceptre 40" tv
So far so good, no problems clear good television, great price, qualityGreat tv
Nice picture and sound quality. Worth the money.Love it
very happy--good delivery service--prompt----happy with price--over all satisfied
For the price this TV cant be beat. Picture (with HD service) is just about perfect. Sound to my surprise is pretty good too. Only issue i have is that the verizon fios remote isnt 100% working with the tv. So for a few different functions i do have to use the actual tv remote BUT i wouldnt think its necessarily the tv to blame and maybe more so verizon. Other than that i have had no problems and am absolutely happy with the purchase.Awesome TV for the price
When shipped this products outside packaging was damaged but everything was fine inside. For the price great tv.Okay
Excellent economical tvGreat tv
Its just what I wanted.love it
I am pleased with this TV. It is for the bedroom and it works fine. I gave it four stars due to picture quality. It has a good picture, but you can tell the difference when next to a higher end TV. But as stated earlier, it is a good TV and I am pleased with it.Good for the money.
We feel that we got a good purchase for such a good buy.We are very pleased with our TV purchase.
Wish it had pip, but a grat product for the pricesceptre 40" led tv
I really enjoy this t.v. and have been pleasantly surprised with the picture. If I have one complaint is that it is a 60hrtz. Not always noticeable but occasionally you will see a fuzzy ness come across.Still New
Good picture too new to say much moreTv
This is a pretty good value for the money. It was easy to assemble. The picture quality is better than average, but the sound could be better. We are looking at purchasing a sound bar for better quality.This TV is a good value.
Nice for the master bedroom. Nice size and swivel makes it convenient,Good TV for the price
Good Price
The only complaint is the sound quality is not that greatGood Price
This TV was a great price, great picture, very nice sound & lots of inputs

BUT the swivel stand is CHEAP, it moves around a bit & with in a few days it leans to the right, so it not sitting perfectly level. I had to put a big boo under the TV to make sure it does not lean to the right.Great TV - CHEAP STAND
I enjoy the size of the screen and once it was hooked to the HDMI cable the picture was great, I enjoy the animations a lot because that are so colorful and the children really enjoy watching this tv too.This was a great gift for my mom!
Great for the price. Well packaged. very happy with purchase. Put a request to have manufactuer require a signature at time of delivery. My original order needed to be replaced because this was not done the first time.VERY HAPPY WITH PURCHASE
Fantastic so glad I purchase this.great pictures
TV is worth the money spent. The construction is a bit cheap but the picture quality is superb. The sound is a bit loud & there are missing functions such as timer, pip, etc.. but overall this is a steal!Great price!
I've had this TV for a couple of months now and it is functioning properly. The picture is very good for a cheaper model. The sound leaves a little to be desired due to the very small speakers but if you hook up a surround system its great. The one design feature of the TV that I like the most is the very skinny bezel surrounding the screen. I have read some bad reviews about this television from people that are long time owners....picture turning green or yellow mostly. I guess time will tell but so far so good.Sceptre 40" LED X405BV-FHDR
I think it is a great value regardless of any things I find different than my other TV. Believe it or not the sound seems not as adjustable as other sets, can not lower it as much as I would like? Setting 1 is either too high or off. I may still need to adjust cable remote. There was also some type of interference from my tablet to TV or TV to tablet while using in same room. I have not pursued this yet and certainly can be user issue. Again, not enough to rate this product any lower than good-great in my opinion.Sceptre X405BV-FHDR 40" LED 1080 HDTV
tv is great for the price. picture not as good as high priced models, but great for price. However shipping services were poor and not what I expected.tv good for price
I love the TV so far. Only complaint is that the remote has to be positioned exactly right toward the TV for it to work.Good TV for average viewer.
The only down side is the long delay between power on and chanell changeScepre x405BV
i give it 4 stars because of sound quality could be better, needs sound barSCEPTRE
When hooked up to a hi-def source, the picture is awesome. nice bright screen and good sound for a flat screen tv. It has digital audio out to hook up to your surround sound. I bought it for my son and his game system. he loves it. Great size and features for the price.Great Value.
for $219, I am very pleased with this 40" TV. The picture is crisp, volume is good. and the size is perfect for the area I have.Nice TV
First time buying a tv online. I was concerned that I would be disappointed in the unit as a whole and would have to send it back and get something else. Much to my surprise it is just as good as the vizio that I have in the great room. My only complaint is that there is a little lag when changing channels nothing to really complain about reallynot a bad deal
Great TV for a great price.Great TV
The price is very good. The size works (40 in) works for me. I use in a small great room and may one day move to my bedroom and get a bigger TV for downstairs. Sound quality is okay, and can go up very loud. Stereo is not like old analog with base, but for an inexpensive HDTV it is better than most. A couple of problems that I am experiencing is compatibility with Warner Cable equipment-- when using the cable remote sometimes the channels start moving speedily out of control and also while searching the TV jumps off of cable channel 4 into static. I've called the cable company and set up remote to the Spectre TV and all the functions work. However, these couple of problems persist. This didn't happen with a previous HDTV that I took back because of other issues. I plan to call Spectre for an explanation. If not resolved will return TV to Walmart.Mostly a Good TV
Based on cost (just under 300.00 at the time I bought it, looks to have increased by 10.00 since then) the TV does the job.

Bought it for my home office where I spend the day working. Didn't want to spend a ton of money, but did want a fair size screen and decent quality.

Grandchildren use it for their wii and xbox (with kinects# and it works well for that when they visit.

I have a cheap computer hooked up to it for watching amazon instant video on #chose this over netflix and other options as the cost was about the same, but also saved shipping cost when doing orders from amazon)

Have no real major complaints for the price. It meets the basic needs of a TV. It doesn't have all the bells and whistles of more costly TV's. Prices on TV's of this size should continue to go down though as larger TV's become cheaper and people move up to those.

Only downside I can find is that like others have pointed out is that the remote sensor is badly located and requires you to be fairly direct in front of the TV for it to operate. Example would be that I can be 12ft back and 5ft to the left and the remote will not operate the TV sometimes without having to wave it around.Great for an office, spare bedroom, childrens game
The picture is plenty good for a bargain. We were not expecting much, but were much surprised. It is a great primary television. Not as good a picture as the best newest, but plenty good to replace an old Tube type tv.

Do not expect to sit to close to the tv. It will appear low resolution. If you back up to 12 or so feet, it really looks better. The picture appears to sharpen as you back up from it. Anyone in a bind for a tv and on a budget would be behooved to purchase it.A good basic Television. Expect only basics.
I have only had this TV for a few weeks. I am by no means an electronic wizard or TV expert...but to my eyes this TV is great...both picture and sound. The price paid makes it all even sweeter! :-)I think it's great!
Purchasing this television was a no brainer. For the price it's the best television on the market, and I shopped around for a few months. The speakers are suitable and picture quality is good. No rca outs but you know electronics.... gotta upgrade stereo now :/sceptre affordability
I did read the past reviews and for the price i took the chance on it. It's a great tv, the sound is a bit weird, when you pause it or change the channel, the volume goes up and down but other that that, it's a nice tvNice tv for the price
I bought this for my mom and she loves it. Of course it's not the best but considering the price., it's a great tv.Mom approved
I was skeptical at first, didn't expect much, but I was mildly surprised the television was as good as it was for the price.Nice
I bought my tv on thanksgiving... it came to my house 2 days later...very impressed with the easy setup and all the features.. screen is very impressive and looks sharp..I would recommend to anyone..great deal for the price
Great TV for the money. No problems. Delivered on time. Remote housing seems cheaply made.
Great picture.
Could have used another set of av connections.
I would recommend this tv to a freind.Great TV for the money.
lightweight, good clear picture, never heard of this brand but took a chance with the price for a 40 inch TV. I attached a wall mount and when I was screwing the bracket to the back of the tv, one of the holes where the screw goes into literally came undone and fell into the back of the tv. Seems cheep from that point so we'll see how long the tv holds up.Good TV and picture for the price
I bought this tv for an extra room and it works great. In fact, I love having a larger tv in the room and the base swivels too. I would recommend this to my friends. Can't beat the price for the size.Great for the price
We bought this product during the Black Friday sale online, and we have been very happy with the quality. It was easy to install and very easy to use. Picture quality seems excellent. Features are very good. We are happy with it.Great value
i pleasantly surprised by the quality of the picture sound wasnt good when i first turned it on until i found the sound equalizer after adjusting the eq it sounds great good price free shippingfantastic tv for the price
This works well. Easily gets loud though.Beautiful design with quality output
I'm using this TV as an outside game day TV.
So far so good.
I just bring it outside on Sundays to watch the football games, and it's working fine with natural glares and whatnot.
The setup was a little long with channel recognition, but who cares.
I would def recommend this tv because I'm not a big fan of $1500.00 tvs.
This 1080 pic is well worth the price.
Save your $$ and buy this tv!!Great Price
The Pic took a lot of adjusting but it is now good (not great). Definition is excellent but color balance is only OK.
Sound it TERRIBLE!. In surround mode there is a growling in the background that sounds like a loose speaker. When not on surround, audio quality is awful so that I can't understand speech, especially when watching an old TCM movie, which is my favorite thing to do. Decided that the quickest way to get good sound is a sound bar so I bought a cheap one ($100 Insignia) and now the sound is great! Figured I can always use it on future TVs as well since none of these thin TVs have very good sound and the bar also allows me to play Pandora from my phone or broadcasts from my satellite radio.
All-in-all I'm reasonably satisfied, especially for a 40" 1080p for $300.Good Pic, Terrible sound
You must go into setup on sound, and tune it, then the sound will be fine. Half of the probs on this TV is user issuesits fine.
The screen was bigger than I thought, since I didn't purchase it in a store. but online. the picture and sound quality are great and the fact that the screen swivels is wonderful. It does however take about 10 seconds for the set to come on once the power button is pushed.Excellent value
I have never purchased a Sceptre product before and have to admit I was pretty skeptical about how good it would be. I love this flat screen. It was easy to connect to my other components. I am not tech savvy but it was so easy to do. I ran the audio through my tuner and watching a football game is awesome!!! The remote that came with it was cracked. I call the company and they had a
replacement out to me in 3 days. I love the swivel stand. Take a chance on this one!I didn't expect such good quality!
The sound quality is average and the picture quality is good. One of the few problems with this television is that the USB port doesn't support video. Also, I don't know if it's my fault or a problem with the tv so I won't hold it against it, but my laptop doesn't seem to be compatible with the tv. That means I can't use it as a giant monitor while my much older HD television can connect to my computer without a hitch. That might be something I'm doing wrong, though. Any faults I've found in the tv are inconsequential.Great for the price
Love the price of the t.v. set. The picture could be better. The shipping was quick, within three days. I would recommend this set.nice size for the value.
The only thing I have to complain about is that the Direct TV remote will not adjust the volume. All the other controls work except that one.Good TV for the price
Very nice for the price, it even comes with a screwdriver to attach the basegreat value
This is the 3rd Sceptre LED TV in our household.
The 40 inch worked well right out of the box.
Set up was quick and intuitive.Good HDTV at a great price
Very good TV for the value. So far no issues. User interface could be easier, but for what it is it's great. Picture and Sound quality are great.Great TV for the price...
Great tv for the price I got it for and for a non brand name. This tv works just fine.Good
For the price you can't find a better picture.Great TV
GreatGood product
I bought this tv as a Christmas gift. It looks great, has a great picture and the sound is good too. Overall it was definitely worth it. The price was a great deal!Great TV for less $
Item bought was given ad a gift. Recipient seems to like it.Was given as a gift
Love the brand, best value and quality for the money!! Shipped right to my door at no extra charge.great deal
For the price I paid for this 40" 1080 HDTV I really can't complain. It's only been 10days but it has been great. Great picture quality , a slight problem one night with the sound, seemed to fade a little then comeback, it hasn't happen since I changed some sound adjustments so I think I fixed whatever it was. I really had no idea what I was doing but whatever i did WORKED!! Keeping my fingers crossed and loving my new TV.good TV for the price.
I bought this television for my boys to play their video games on, plus an extra one since the price was so exceptional. I basically relied on previous reviews and took a chance on this television because the price was great and so far we have been pleasantly surprised.Great value!
Great TV for the price... Picture quality is pretty good, sound not the greatest but I have it hooked up to surround sound so its perfect!Excellent Deal
Great LED HDTV for the price. Picture, size, and built quality all look and feel great. The sound and the remote are the only bad things about the overall product.TV-viewer
This is a very nice TV for the price. Has a great picture although I like the colors a little more vibrant. I would definitely recommend to a friend.Great TV for the Price
I was impressed with the fast shipping. Thanks for that.
Please note that I got this on sale so my review is based on the sale price of dirt cheap.

For this price point I am very pleased. It has good (4 out of 5) picture quality for video (Blu-Ray/DVD/Netflix). I also use this for a computer. (I know; A 40 inch Monitor on a computer???) Everything looks great except for text. It has some distortion on the fonts but I can still read it.

Ok, time for some of the cons. Viewing angles are limited. Brightness is fair but could be better. Colors are acceptable. Sound works but limited base/low end. But as I said earlier, this is based on the price point. I have seen worse TV's that cost more money. I do not knock for sound/speakers as you can always get external speakers (surround sound or a sound bar)

I would buy this TV again.Not bad, Not great, but not bad
Picture is awesome; Appearance is sleek; Sound needs some help. Like some of the other reviews have stated the stock speakers are tinie. There is no optical output on this T.V. so be careful if you decide to add a sound bar to it like I did. Make sure that your sound "system" will accept analog inputs.Good T.V. ....But
Very pleased with tv so far. Great price, nice picture. Sound is better than most tvsNice tv
perfect for a 2nd bedroom TV....Top Bank for the Bucks
Purchasing this TV was a Christmas gift for parents. They were surprised and love their new TV.New name brand seems to be a great value.
I really love my tv, I wish it could connect to the internet. it is a greqt value for the moneygreat tv
I was worried about buying a new TV whose name I was unfamiliar with, but am glad I took the chance with this Sceptre. While the sound needs a boost (will be getting a sound bar in the future), the picture is excellent and the size is perfect for us. And the price was just right for my current tight budget.Worth it
just got TV and barely watched so far it seems good.

I did notice the lamp life is only 50,000 hours my last tv purchase 70,000 hrsnot sure yet
Overall very good can't beat it for the price very satisfiedcan't beat it for the price very satisfied
The picture is good and the sound is alright, it has a sleak design and a lot of inputs.

I got this TV for a secondary TVfor a bedroom and it works well for that.

At first I was skeptical because it was a brand I had never heard of but for the size and price I gave it a shot, and I'm glad I did.

All of that said... I've only had the TV for a couple of weeks at this point but it seems solid.

I marked it low on features only because there aren't a lot of them, its a basic TV.Good TV for the price.
I did a lot of research to choose an affordable TV for my son and bought this one because of the many good reviews and the price. It was easy to hook up and has a good picture and sound quality for his medium sized bedroom. It has only been up for 24 hours but he has played Xbox games and watched TV on it - he loves it!Great for the price!
When connected to HDTV using HMDI cable, this TV has an exceptional picture otherwise it is decent without the connection. We use it as a secondary TV in our basement so the 40 iinch display works quite well. It is used for viweing in two areas of the basement so we have the option of turning the TV up on a shelve area and because it is so light, we can turn it without any problem whatsoever to use for all to see.Great Value and sharp Picture
Good value for the price.Good Value
Overall I like it. Picture is great on Hi-def programing, but it is below expectation on standard def (even on DVDs). The sound... I plug it to my home theater and the volume is kind of low. I have to turn it all the way up on the TV, and about 3/4 of the way up on my home theater. It works good, but when I shut the TV off, I get the big "bang" noise. I never had any of these issues on my older VIZIO. However, for the money I paid, it is still a great deal.Great for the money!
I bought this TV because I needed one and didn't want to spend a fortune. I am always leery of buying off brand for big ticket items like electronics. But I've had it 2 weeks and its working just as well as any name brand. and it looks fantastic, its very sleek and light weight. I love the brushed metal frame. I like that it swivels on the base instead of having to turn the whole base, it makes things much easier when I want to sit at my computer which is off to the side of my tv.Good for an off brand
Not a bad buy. Don't know about the surround soundTV
This is the second Sceptre TV we have bought. They are used less than our main LG TV, but have a good picture and have been dependable. Bought the first one a year ago, still working fine. Both out of box with little set up.Nice TV for the money
great value for a great tv. sleek and modern look. quality is good. dad is very happy.makes a great gift!!
A 40" full HD TV for $300? What more needs said? The picture quality far exceeded my expectations. As the owner of a rather expensive SONY HD TV, I was shocked to see how nice the picture is on this Sceptre. I ordered this for my basement, so I can watch sports when the wife is watching something I don't care to. I was expecting a cheap TV with a decent picture, so I was pleasantly surprised when I turned this on and saw how great the colors are. Now I'm not sure I'll ever buy another "big name" TV. Don't pass up this deal if you're in the market for a new TV.Great 40" TV for the price
Clock on tv will not stay set.Great picture for the price
Video quality is great, sound quality is quite good but not excellent.Great price!!
The TV is great for the price, quality picture, quality sound. My 4 star rating took into consideration the price point- and that I have not yet had time to see how reliable it is. Seems to be a good tv with good features. If not using a cable box the channel changing is a little slow. It has a stand that rotates which is nice, but it seems to be flimsy..Quality basic tv at an amazing price
Good product for the price.Great price!
Bought this for my son, he only had a 26", he absolutely loves it! I have a Sony, and I actually like this TV picture quality betterLove this TV
We needed newer and larger screen TV's in our bedrooms. Because of the cost we were going to get one and see if we liked it before we got the second one. Well..one wonderful morning there was an email from Walmart that one of the TV's I was looking at was on sale. I looked it up and could not believe the price...so we decided that for the price, we bought 2 sets. The picture is clear and the color is good. My only real complaint is the volume on the tv. It has to be turned way up in the 60-70 range just to be able to hear it. Other than that..We love our new tvs!The Price was Right
I have only had the TV for a few days, but I am happy with it.great TV
This TV work fine for the price. My only complaint is the sound is not that great.Works fine
I would have saved an extra $50 if i bought this tv a week sooner when i 1st saw it. My advice is. . . . when you see a great deal, go for it! Still, i am completely satisfied with a final cost of $319.00 for this 40 inch Sceptre tv. It is a great deal & i'm glad i chose this one over paying more for a better brand. I love my new tv!! If you have comcast, you can call them for the code #'s for this brand so that you omly need 1 remote. But, to my surprise, i never had to even enter any codes in my comcast remote for this brand tv. It just did it on its own somehow. I can do everything from my comcast remote. No crazy code entering for the Scetptre!! Easy & quick to put where you want it.I could have saved an extra $50
after only a few days, all seems well... great picture quality, colors, easy operation... I'm sure it will last a long timevery happy with whole purchase
I will not lie, i wouldn'r buy this for myself but i gave it as a gift and i was pleasantly surprised. When i compare it to my Own TV it lacks some a little clarity but i paid $1000 for my 42" so there is a difference....If i only had $250 i would tell you to buy it.Decent product for the money
The sound could be better. For the money the picture shows super clear overall a nice purchaseSound Quality
Great 40 inch television, especially for the very fair price.Great buy !!
Great picture! Needs sound help.Great purchase for the money!
We watch it daily.Good Family Room TV
This TV is a good deal for the money. Good picture and was easy to set up. The sound quality is good but I have to keep the volume topped out to hear it in my living room. The volume might not be an issue in a smaller room. Otherwise I am pleased with my purchase.Good TV for the money
For what you pay this is a fabulous deal. Im happy with my purchasegreat value for the price
I bought this for my son's bedroom. He is very happy with it. I bought a mounting kit and it was very easy to mount on wall. Looks sharp. I would recommend this to any of my family and fiends.Good Product, Good Price
i have had a 40" sceptre for just over a month and have had no problems, i bought it for a basement tv for my kids to play xbox on, i am pleased with its performance and am buying another for my garage. I also bought a 32" for my bedroom and it is very nice as wellgreay buy
Great price for a 40 inch tv. It's light weight. Delivery was really fast. Pic and audio are good and suit me just fine. Overall, this is a decent tv for a bargain price.Good Value
Purchased this SCEPTRE X405BV-FHDR 40" LED Class 1080P HDTV with ultra slim metal brush bezel, 60Hz during cyber Monday sale for $219.00. Television arrived at home within 4 days and when I open the box , the LED Screen was damaged . I called Walmart.com and after waiting for 23 minutes , the customer service associate handled my request for replacement of same television very quickly and the replacement unit arrived within next day. I was surprised. The replacement television unit was in good condition, very easy to assemble but it took me about 27 minutes to adjust the picture screen and volume controls to my specifications. Picture quality is very good, sound system is good quality . HDMI connections are very easy to access. The composites and components and including USB connections are difficult to access. Very poorly design. Manual on/off and setup buttons are easy to access. The damaged television was picked up by the Fedex .

Overall I am very satisfied from Walmart.com purchase . I plan to purchase the extended warranty in January 2015.Good Picture & Sound Quality for the price I paid
For $250, you get a lot. Added usb powered speakers which helps sound. This is second Sceptre LED bought. First one, a 32" LED, still great after 2 years of daily use.Great for price
This a great TV for the price. The picture quality is just slightly less than your average TV.It does not perform like some of the more exspensive models, however, it works fine for the price. I am very happy with my purchase.Great TV for the price!!!
Outstanding price makes this a no brainer. Great picture with good brightness levels. I use it both as a TV and a PC monitor. The one thing holding me back from 5 Stars is the remote is quircky. You have to aim it directly at the right bottom corner of the TV and its "mushy." Sometimes I have to push the button 2-4 times, (at 3-6 feet distance.) It times out too quickly while I am looking at my options.

Otherwise a great 40" HDTV under $300.Nice TV
Awesome t.v. for the price. The sound isn't fantastic but it's not awful either, it's just average. Even with the average sound I wouldn't hesitate to buy another one.Great picture, average sound
I wanted a TV for my bedroom, as well as one I could easily move to other areas or outdoors. This Sceptre TV fits the bill perfectly, and the picture quality is outstanding indoors and out.Great TV for a small room
I enjoyed having this delivered directly to my front door over the holidays! The TV is so light weight and easy to move around. I appreciate that as an older person. I am still having trouble trying to get my DVD to work. There aren't very many connections on the back of this TV and the instruction booklet is vague. The sound is loud enough for an apartment dweller but way too low if placed in a large room of a house.

Overall, I got a good price and am pleased with my purchase. I saved enough to purchase the warranty package!Easy set-up but needs better speaker sounds.
Picture quality is very acceptable.Not as good as my plasma,but still quite good.You will definitely need a sound-bar though,as the sound from the tv is poor.At the Walmart price,this 42 incher is a "no brainer"purchase.I will be purchasing another.Good value for the price paid.
Has most of what you might look for in a midsize LCD screen. 1080p Hi Def etc. Only drawback I've found so far is that direct TVs universal remote won't sync well enough to change sound level. Will work for on and off and of course channel select on box though. Sound is ok and adjustable so can work with it.Nice TV
Good TV, good purchase. Sound and picture seem fine for the price. My biggest complaint is the way that the tuner locates and store off air channels. You can not add to stored scanned channels so that if you aim the antenna in a new direction you have to rescan again, losing the previous channels. Additionally, you can't manually enter channels. Might not be a problem in areas where all channels can be picked up on an omnidirectional antenna, however being in a rural fringe as we are we have to aim WNW for some channels and NE for others, stinks big time.Fine TV for the money
Acceptable picture and sound quality with a typical number and variety of inputs for modern HDTVs. Easy to setup out of box. Included stand seems sufficiently stable. Cable remote found the code for it within a few button pushes and operates the features on it well. Very pleased.Good TV. Great Value.
The TV is a very good buy....pleased with performance. The HUGE HEADACHE of ordering it was a nightmare!! I had to order at least 5 times! I finally got someone in customer service who was able to straighten out the whole problem.excellent price for good quality
Very positive experience with Walmart shipping to home. Arrived just when they said it would. TV is very good value for price.Very good value for the price
Has a great picture and decent sound for the price; however, most name brand TVs like Sony and Samsung far exceed this product. Nonetheless, this is still a good product. Also it's made of cheap plastics and the stand itself is not very study but if its wall mounted you shouldn't have a problem. I would recommend this product if you're looking for a good product on a college kid budget.Very good for the Price
So Far So GoodHave not had it very long but so far so good
So far so good I suppose. The sound is horrible, too low. The price was great. Every blue moon there are a few lines in the picture. Not sure if that's the TV or my cable service, but it doesn't happen often. Over all I think it is a good buy.Sceptre 40in
Overall a good buy. You will need a high quality HDMI cable for HDTV.Great for the Money
good deal but remote is a little hard to get use togreat deaL FOR 258
Beautiful picture but the sound could be better.Nice TV for the price!
Looks great, sound is not the best but it's fine. Nothing a home theather can't fixExcelent Tv, excelent price
Love this tv for the price! Great pic n sound. Just wish it was Bluetooth compatible but love it still!40" Merry Christmas!
we love itwe love it great price
All in all I got what I expected. Nice picture, sound is a little blah, but with sound bar and woofer it suffices.Nice TV
For the price, I really wasn't expecting too much. The TV came in within a week of ordering it. I unpacked it and had no trouble connecting the base. Once I plugged it in I found that the remote control was DOA. I was able to manually set it up using the buttons on the side of the TV. Once I found the code, I was able to use my Comcast remote to turn it on and off. I tried to call Sceptre but only got the option to have them call me back. I tried their online support and was able to IM with a representative. I gave her my S/N and received a new remote in about five days. As long as you understand that this is not a Samsung or LG then you will be happy. I use this TV in my man-cave and would make the same decision again.Good value for the price
Picture quality is a 4/5. Sound quality is a 3/5. With that said its perfect for my small
apartment living room or any bedroom. Id definitely go for something bigger with better sound quality if it was going in a spacious room.very nice for the price
I have new and old equipment and this TV has many optional connections.Great Value good picture and sound
If there is anything that I could say that is lacking in that television is a better speaker or sound system. Other than that, wonderful.Excellent television for the price
We were a bit leery of the product because we had never heard of this brand. Don't let it sway you. It's a great product, no difference between this and the "big brands". Couldn't beat the price we got!Great product for the price!
Great value, nice color options,picture quality takes some tuning, but overall spot on for the price40 inches of value
the volume like others have said is vry low but overall tv looks goodGood for the money
So far so good. I have been pleased with my previous Sceptre TVs so I expect nothing less from this one.Only had it a week but so far it is good
very easy to assemble and set up.love it!
Great picture... Sound really sux. Needs home theater or soundbar. Other than that, Supurb,Nice inexpensive LED TV
Also I had this TV sent to my home and the delivery person left it on my porch were people driving by could see it. I was a little disappointed about that. Don't know how long it was sitting on the porch but it could have been stolen. I will not have expensive items sent to my home again.The sound does go up and down on certain channels.
You can't really complain for the price. It's a good tv, good picture, lightweight and a great price. It is a little cheap around the screen. You can tell its a Chinese beautyGood tv for the money
Nice Flat Screen for the money!Sceptre 40" Class LCD 1080p 60Hz HDTV, X405BV-FHD3
I was a hesitant to buy an off brand tv, but I was very pleasantly surprised. Good quality stand, and it looks attractive. Picture quality I would rate very good (equivalent to two much more expensive TV's I have). Sound quality on almost any tv is not great, but this one is about par for the course... If sound is important to you, hook up the tv to a good receiver and surround speakers, but this goes for almost all tvs... Overall, great, stylish TV at a fantastic price- I would whole heartedly recommend it!Great picture, great connectivity
I originally was shopping on Walmart.Com for another brand of TV. I came across this TV and thought this price is too good to be true. So I did some research on it and found many positive reviews on it. Next thing I did was I went to my club stores to see if they could match features and price. Well they couldn't. I was off to Walmart and ordered the TV at the store kiosk paid for it there and received it three days earlier than the computer said it be in. My son couldn't be happier. DVD's look great and his video games look amazing.great picture/value for the $$
good product for the pricesceptre 40" led
Love the great picture and sound. Great price and good qualityTV
I purchased this with full intent of it being a TV for my bedroom. With that said I understood that for the "Black Friday Online" price of $219 that this was not going to be a mind blowing TV. Doesn't even look close to a 1080 picture quality but like I said I purchased this for a bedroom TV so I'm not concerned about it. Plus its slimmer than my previous one and looks great on the wall. Based on my expectations and the price I give it 4 of 5. However, if rating the quality of the TV I'd give it a 3.Good for a Bedroom TV
TV is great for price! Sound is good, but need to get a sound bar to have full surround sound feel if your big on that. Otherwise, VERY HAPPY with purchase.Scepter
The price was great for a 40 inch tv. The picture quality is great but the sound isn't the greatest. You def need to invest in a sound bar. Keeping the tv though.....Great price, great picture quality.....but
Have had it two weeks and enjoying it. Sound is not the best, but can't complain.Great TV for the price
Beautiful, sharp picture, sound is great, and unit is easy to use. We hung it on the wall mount shelf, which worked beautifully.Quite a bargain, and a nice TV with great looks.
So far so goodGood value
It's good!Good
Good buy great deal & free shipping direct to our doorGreat buy
Shipping was fast! I love my TV especially for the money.A very good TV
Purchased two of these and had them sent as gifts and both parties were very happy with them! Will be used for strictly tv program viewing. TZExcellent TV for the price!
This is not my primary TV but it is great in my bedroom as a secondary TV. The sound is a litty tinny at times but as my secondary TV, I love it!Great for the price
The overall quality is very good for the money you pay. The worst: the sound is very poor so considere to link with audiobar or external speakers.Good option for few money
Only problem was finding remote address for Dish-network remote, it is 500 incase anyone needs it.NIce TV for bedroom
Ok, but not good sound qualityOk
Great valueVery happy with this purchase
cannot beat the price for xtra tv 97%happy(for that matter main tv) the warranty looks ok so far TV works good with att u-vers boxes color great, sound can be upgraded with sound bar from Costco for $75to replace extra tv
Nice TV for the money, best deal in its category.Good buy
My TV is great except that the sound cuts out every so often and You have to manually set the sound other than that it works great so farWorks great other than sound
This T.V was at a great price that I couldn't pass up. I purchased this brand a couple of years back and had no problem with that set so I purchased this new one... So far so go no problem at all knock on wood. The picture is good , the sound is good it functions like I would want it too.Great T.V so far
LightweightVery inexpensive
my husband really likes it good size great color it's what he wantedmerry Christmas
Just finished watching a Packer game....awesome!Got a great cyber monday deal on a great tv.
Overall the picture is pretty good, nothing to really complain about. Its a cheap TV, so of course its not going to be top quality, but it is definitely good for the price. My only real complaint is the audio. The audio is pathetic, both in quality and overall volume. I'm honestly impressed at how bad it is.

The only other minor complaint is that the power cord is built into the TV. This doesn't really matter, until something goes wrong, because then the unit would have to get serviced, instead of just replacing the cord.Great for the price, but audio is pathetic
I've only had the T.V. for a week but it is definitely worth the money thus far. It's very light weight, has a great picture and is definitely way better than my former 480 t.v. The sound isn't the best so plan on buying a sound bar or surround sound set. I'm overall satisfied with my purchase and hope to see this T.V. keep giving me my moneys worth.Great T.V. for the price.
Caught this tv on a great sale and it hasn't disappointed. No complaints.Pretty good
For the money, you can't beat this TV. I'm a Samsung loyal customer but picked this TV up for my kids to use for their gaming and they love it. Only time will tell if it's build to last.Good TV for the money
and have found them to be good. This one seems to be good with a good picture. I recommend it.I have owned sceptre products before
OK it's no Sony for the price was right. The best part about it was I bought it Sunday night of Thanksgiving weekend and it was sitting on my front porch Tuesday at noon and I didn't have to wait on Black Friday. I would do it again in a heartbeat!!Great TV for a Great Price
For the price, this TV offers a great picture. Would've like to have a feature to view pictures directly from my SD card, but it's not a deal-breaker!Great picture and a great price.
cant say its agift and wondering y i didnt get a invoiceok
you can see the lines and wrinkles on peoples faces the picture is so clear, however you can only hook up one component and one DVD at once, two components total and usually people want to play their game console a surround sound and a DVD player, luckily my surround sound has a DVD player so it works for me.amazing picture you can see the lines and wrinkles
Very satisfied with this tv...better than expected. Good picture ...good sound..
quality features. Glad I made this purchase.
Free delivery was quick and a bonus.great tv
I love all the features on this Ultra Slim LED TV. It is very light weight and was to set up. the only down side to this TV is the sound appears that it comes from the rear. I am thinking about order the suggested surround sound speakers. The picture quality is great...excellent value.Love the Ultra Slim Line
No regrets!! Awesome addition to our family room.Great picture
Purchased this on Black Friday online as a gift and the picture looks great. The base was slightly tricky to install and it is flimsy. The TV is thin and would look great wall mounted. You won't find a better 40" LED TV at this price (on sale for $219). If it comes on sale again I plan to buy another one. I have a Sceptre LCD monitor so I was familiar with this company.Great 40" LED TV for the price
Great deal. Well worth the money.great tv
The TV works great right out of the box. I only had to adjust a few settings. Good picture. My PC and DVD player work well with it. The only short-coming is that this TV has bad screen glare. You have to watch this TV in the dark with NO lights on. I think that it is worth the $230 price that I paid for it.works great - screen glare
We were surprisingly pleased with the quality of the picture on this TV. We will be adding a sound bar for sound as we are used to surround sound. Great TV for outside entertainment.Great TV for the value!
A good buypretty good deal.
So far, the only issue that falls a little short - is sound quality - still a good product for the money.Great value for the money!
The delivery was fast! Picture is great,but the sound is not! You get what you pay for!Great Price
brought the sound bar to go with the tv,again for the price goodpretty good tv for the price
for the money you can not go wrong. plenty of optional plug-ins. good pic quality.really great deal
Pros: The Size is just right for our bedroom.The Price fit our tight budget. The Features are great with the many hdmi slots, rca hookups and usbs for photos. And Setup was really fast.
Cons: Picture quality is not the best. It really could be better. The Sound Quality could be improved. But this TV is being used in a bedroom, so it's really not a big issue.(Althou, my husband is a little disappointed.) But all in all, for the price of this TV, I'm satisfied with our purchase.Great TV for the price.
Value is very good. Picture quality does not compare with a Samsung or Sony Bravia but a nice
TV for the value. Sound is not very loud. Even using this TV in the bedroom, volume is usually
at 100%.Scedptre TV 40"
Well the first one that came didn't work , no picture I drove it back to a Walmart store and got credit for it right away no problem. The same day I ordered another one with a little doubt but still went ahead. I'm glad I did because I'm very happy with the TV. Any thing could have happened during shipping this is a big TVGreat HDTV
Love all the available connections on the back. Not hooked up to cable so we use it with a PS3 to watch Netflix & Hulu. Occasionally the color seems a bit off but still a great picture.
Very easy to assemble & the swivel base is a nice touch. Packaging was great & manual was much more informative than my last tv's.Great HDTV for great Price
Great TV with great price.great TV for the money
It's a good brand and nice pictureGood brand
It works great, with good picture quality, color is great. It is still new and for now I am very satisfied with the quality for the price. I would recommend this purchase for others also.SCEPTRE X405BV-FHDR 40"
My only nitpicks about this TV are that I don't really care for the swivel part of it since it seems to make the set kind of unstable. My old TV had a very solid base but you could easily turn the whole thing to whichever angle you wanted. Plus the picture is not as good when I drag things over from my computer to watch. I'm not sure if this is because it is a bigger set (40" compared to my old 32") or because it's just not as good a model. I realize prices have gone down considerably since I bought my first flat screen in 2006, but I paid over $500 for that one and about half of that for this larger one. At any rate, that one seemed a bit better in quality, but for the great price I paid for this one, I am satisfied and thankful as my old set has had lines down the left side for a couple of years which were very distracting and I didn't think I could possibly afford a new one until I researched prices on Walmart.com. You can usually count on Walmart to have what you need at a price you can afford. Grateful for that!Great little TV for the money
Great TV for price and size.Great Value for Price v. Size
Poor soundGreat tv
I just purchased this when Walmart had it's huge discount on TV's (Less then $300 for a 40" TV). I would rate everything on the TV as a high 4 on a scale of 1-5. The only thing I would rate low is the sound but, I don't think this is just for less expensive TV's since i have a 42" Toshiba that I paid considerably more for and I think the sound is not all that great. Anyway, if you see this on deal pick it you wont be disappointed.Great Value
Bought this for my father. The only problem we are having is that the cable he has is not compatible with the DVR therefore he cannot turn off or do volume with the DVR remote.Not bad for the price
We needed a TV to put above our fireplace in the dining room/kitchen area, and this one is perfect! We didn't need anything fancy. We got a super deal on this TV, and it is just as good as our other higher priced TV's. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because the sound does not get very loud (I think there is a sound bar you can purchase that would probably help this issue). Otherwise, great TV!!Great TV for the price!
The best thing I didn't expect to receive the TV on the day that I received it.Great picture,sound etc
Son loves this he uses it for his games and have had no complaintsgreat tv for my sons room
I bought this for our office they were very economical in price, picture is great. can't beat the price we bought 2 of these.great value
I was looking for a new TV to get for my living room... Read alot of reviews on all kinds of makes and sizes... I came across this one and read all the reviews then moved on.. Well I kept coming back to this one... I went a head and ordered it, it showed up a day before it was to be here... It was boxed very well... Easy to put the stand on it... Easy to set up... In the reveiws they said it didnt have a optical out on it, well to come find out it did and it is on the bottom of the tv.... Speckers are not the best but that didnt matter to me cause at same I ordered and RCA Home Theater and hooked that up to it and it was awesome... I have had this now for about 3 weeks so far so great... Glad I got it.....Wasnt sure about this Tv
I have had the TV for several weeks now. Took me a couple of days to get the picture adjusteded to my liking ... But you can't beat the price ...Very Good TV for the Money Would Recommend
Order this on a Friday got it the next Tuesday. GREAT buy paid only $ 249.00 + tax online. Free shipping to my local walmart. I could not find a 40" 1080 no were for this price! GREAT DEAL!40" LED 1080p 60Hz
The only problem we have is the inconsistency in sound from one channel to another. Maybe there is some setting that we have not discovered yet. Otherwise it's great!Very clear picture and nice color
For the price this tv Is good. I would care for a sharper picture and louder sound but other then that so fare no problem. I just hooked my speakers up and it's better now.not do bad
Very good/sharp picture...very light and easy to move around (great for a 2nd tv).Great bargin!
For the price it is good enough. Thanks for offering an economy TV that I could afford to buy for my parents.Easy setup! Picture not perfect but for the price.
So far performance is equal to my experience with other TV's. Have only had it a week so not enough time to make full assessment.Good picture and accessory connection capability
The 60hz refresh rate doesn't seem to be a factor. Good picture quality. Shipping cost was high but I would buy this model again...at the store.Surprisingly good quality for a no-name TV
Nice picture only downfall is the speakers really had to adjust them to make them sound decent. Worth the money though!Very good for the price!
seems to be a decent tv for the money. The set up info could be bettertv
Love the picture and features but it sounds bad alone without stereo speakers.New HDTV
Bought this tv on black Friday. Great price. It replaced my 32" in my bedroom.Good led tv for the price.
Sound quality is not great but either than that it is a great value. Better than expected.Better than expected
good picturenot bad for price
While not the best I've ever seen, the picture quality is good. The color is true to life and the sound is adequate although we do have to have the sound turned up more than we've had in previous tv's. The HDMI ports are handy and having 3 of them is perfect for hooking up peripheral items. I also like the turntable base that allows you to turn the tv easily for viewing in different parts of the room. Overall quite pleased with this tv, especially considering the price.Nice TV for Great Price
So far this tv is working goos for a fractional cost.good and sheap
Great TV for the price! It's not loaded with "SmartTV" so don't expect it. The sound volume is just not there, but plenty of hookups for an external speaker option you will need. Other than that, this is a great TV for a very low price and picture quality is outstanding. If I could, I would definitely buy another one of these and would recommend to anyone for consideration. :)Great value for the money!
only bought this tv because of the price and features. so far so good, very satisfied with picture, features and sound but plan to add external surround sound system.very satisfied so far
works well with good picture and sound.Sceptre 40" tv
I love this tv, great price for the size. Only issue i have is when i opened the box, the batteries for the remote must have fallen out of the pack while inside so didn't think it came with them. no big deal, had packs of AAA's. put 3 different sets in and remote didn't work. thought it was malfunction, so... upon cleaning up all the packing i found the batteries it came with, put them in and remote works fine, but can't see what the difference in them is. so once these batteries wear out don't know how i'll get the remote to function to switch between sources????great tv for price but remote issue
This TV was priced just right! It was easy to program and the picture was very good. The sound is good also.This is a great TV for the price.
great for the price if you are on a budget this is a very good deal.good for the price
The picture is clear and color is excellent. Have had some problems with loosing sound when changing channels. Very pleased with purchase.Great tv for the price.
Purchased for a gift, looks like a great product for price-got the warranty to support however.Its a Christmas Present so we dont know for sure
A great "second" TV. Very lightweight. Wish the
remote had a back light on it for when it is dark
but overall, a great TV for the money.Great TV for the price
This 39.5" TV is a nice addition to your living room or entertainment center. Picture quality is superb for the price range.

The speaker drive is good, but the speakers are over driven, which leads to some distortion towards 50% and higher volume levels. It is not bad audio, though could be improved quite a bit.

One major thing to note: the RFI coming from this device. If you listen to any radios, FM broadcast, AM broadcast, or Ham radio, you may be upset with the harmful interference emitted by this TV's built in power supply. Typically RFI getting into your radio sound like hisses, whines or whistles, and may be randomly audible one certain frequencies/stations. If you are near the fringe reception area of a local TV broadcast station, you might even notice that the TV's RFI aka "electromagnetic interference" degrades your station's reception. Perhaps making the station drop out completely at times. Or if you are a radio operator like me, this hash interference is not only unacceptable for radio communications, but is also 100% illegal. The Federal Communications Commission has stringent parameters for RFI. And needless to say this device DOES NOT comply with the Commission's part 15 device class, guidelines.

I hope you found this review helpful, or at least, amusing.

73 de MichaelGreat LED backlit TV, has minor quirks.
The picture is great. Exactly what you wanted. The input/output is better than expected. 3 HDMI, a composite or component (but not both as they share plugs,) and coax are the ways in. But what sold me on this was the audio out. Old school RCA, optical, and best yet, a headphone jack. Unfortunately the headphone jack is located on the back, it's easily reachable, but on the front would have worked better.

The audio out is important, because the build in speakers are horrible. Laughable even.

After I got it set up, I went to my default for checking HD, a sports game. So, you know how basketball players shoes squeak on the floor. Just to hear the announcer decently the squeaking was epically loud. This has no bass, none at all. It has some midrange. And all the treble you could want. I didn't listen to any jazz through it to see if it really reproduced the cymbals accurately, but this is so metallic sounding I'm sure it'd be spot on.

You will buy a sound bar. Do NOT get this as a gift for a person without buying them a sound bar. Oh, and the remote actually has controls for the sound bar included at the bottom of the remote in a separate section, so, the manufacturers expect you to do this.

Also, the VGA input is right near the base. This will eventually become a monitor for my computer, muah ha ha ha. And since there is 3.5mm audio in, you could use the lousy speakers rather than some PC speakers, which, frankly, would sound better.Buy it for the picture and I/O, not the sound
great tv for the pricegreat tv for the price
Easy setup, great picture, plenty of inputs, it truly is a good value. I may even be getting a second one. Yes, the sound is not the best quality, but no different than others. Even my Sony flat screen needed a Bose sound system added because of the poor sound quality. I do recommend this TV.Can't beat it for the price!
I had one small issue. The first TV had a vertical pixel defect. Order another and installed it. Works great. Picture good. No problems. Well worth the valueGreat for what you are paying for
So far i am loving this tv.Beautiful color, sharp picture.
I am really enjoying my television. The picture is great and the price I paid for it is fantastic. I have no real issues with it at this time.Sceptre
The only issue is the sound. To enjoy the TV you need to add a sound barGood value
Bought as a Christmas present for son...He says it work greats..If hes happy,im happyGreat for the price
Bought this for the attractive pre-Christmas price offered by Walmart. It was easy to set up; the picture quality is not the greatest for an HD set and the sound is adequate, but not the best. But that is about what was expected. The delivery direct to home was super fast. The remote control is unnecessarily clumsy, but one can live with itGood value for the price
No problems or complaints so far.my opinion
I really like this tv, It;s just the right size for my bedroom. I;m thinking on getting another one for my family room . Just a bit bigger 55in. same brand also. Thank You.Just love it!!
goog tv choice clear picture good sound.good picture quality ,and sound good choice .
When I opened the box, I was sceptical. I heard a rattling from inside the TV. I went ahead and put it together. Everything works fine. I was inpressed with the picture quality even before I took off the protective film. The sound is far from great. It kind of sounds like an old victrola record player. I'm sure if I install external speakers it will be better.Not bad for the price
really good tvgood pic
Nothing to fancy. But for the price it meet all of my expectation.very good TV for the price!
easily hooked up great picture quality lots of features i am still learning abouttv ican see
works great nice price ($219.00)watchin' cheaply
We purchased this for Dad for Christmas and he could not be happier! I am getting the extended warranty as well, but so far the picture, sound and appearance of this TV are just great!Great Picture-No Complaints so far
NICE!NICE
Love this tv. Was worried about buying an off brand but just as good as my sonyGreat tv
Bought this on Black Friday and couldn't be happier!!LOVE
Need to have TV longer let you know later.Great TV for the money
EXCELLENT PRODUCT FOR THE MONEY, EASY TO SET UP AND HAD SUPER DELIVERY TO OUR DOOR AFTER ORDERING IT ONLINE IN JUST THREE DAYS.GREAT VALUE FOR THE MONEY
Nice quality to be a brand I never heard of.Great tv for a bedroom
We love our new tv , it was the best deal on the market , after looking around we made the decision to get the septre brand because of the great price , and we are happy we didMore bang for your buck
Working great so far, except for one minor complaint: the picture is excellent only if you're directly in front of the TV. If you're sitting to one side or the other at much of an angle, it's not so great. My 30 year old TV it replaced did not have this problem. Also, I purchased an extended warranty plan with the TV and was thinking I was supposed to receive some paperwork or an e-mail that would verify this purchase in case I ever need to use it. I don't remember receiving this yet. However, I'm pleased with the TV, considering the price.Very Good, So Far
Good TV for the price. I am pleased.acceptable inexpensive TV
Good picture quality. Sound not so good need a sound bar. But overall a very good value.therese
The picture on the TV is great. It is very light and was easy to mount on the wall. We did have trouble with the sound and had to use a component cable instead of a HDMI cable to connect to our cable box in order to have the sound louder. So, now we have more cables to hide in the back of the tv, other than that, the TV is very nice and we like it.Good bang for your buck
Great buy for the price.Nice Size nice price nice features
After researching other 40" HDTVs, the Sceptre has the more features like 3 HDMI inputs. It has a great picture. I am glad I selected this TV.Good value
There is one problem with this TV. The cable remote will not accept the volume control. We had a technician from Charter Cable check this and he said it is the first time in eleven years that he's been with Charter that he could not program the volume on a tv. That means that we have to use two remotes, one for the sound (the remote that came with the tv] and the Cable remote for everything else. He said the only alternative was to return the Sceptre tv and get another brand or to put up with two remotes. We opted to go with the two remotes. Has anyone else had this problem? Any comments?Great except for one problem.
I wish it had more connections for older accessories (DVD,VCR,SAT Box) that don't have the HDMI connection. Now it looks like I'll have to get newer stuff but that's OK as I can still use all the older stuff with my old 36"Flt Screen tube TV(still works good). Other than that minor problem I consider this TV a very wise and cost effective purchase.Very Nice TV for the price!
The picture is fine, the sound quality is good but I have a few issues. The signal between the TV and the remote gets "mixed up" sometimes. When I push the volume button the TV will go off. Then another time when I push the volume button the screen will begin flashing colors and you cannot turn it off with the remote. I have to turn it off at the TV instead. I need to contact their support to see what the issue is and hopefully it is an easy fix. Otherwise I am content with my purchase.Okay, but a few issues
Like quite a few reviews have mentioned, this tv has very good video but the internal speakers are average. I decided to add the sceptre sound bar and it makes a HUGE difference.. I figured for $300 total I have a good setup.Great price and picture-needs better audio.
I just recently bought this 40inch HDTV. I am very impressed so far. Its just been 1 month or so. Cant tell much about the future performance. But its good buy for the price I paid. Also, this is the first HDTV I bought so I am very excited even with small features of it.Value for money
THERE ARE A COUPLE THINGS I DONT LIKE ABOUT THIS TV..THE SOUND IS PRETTY BAD, SO GET A SOUND BAR OR HOOK UP TO STEREO. AND I CANT SEEM TO GET THE PICTURE PERFECT NORMAL, ZOOM ETC..THINGS GET CUT OFF ON THE SIDES WITH THE ONE I THINK ITS SUPPOSE TO BEHOOK UP TO STEREO
For the price it offers a good entry level HD TV. My main issue was the poor sound level. However as long as yyou don't need the volume extremely loud you will be satisfied with your purchase.good entry level HD
We purchased this TV for an extra bedroom and it has a good picture, good sound quality, and we are very pleased with our purchase. I would definitely recommend this TV to anyone. The price was unbeatable which was the reason we bought it. We had an 30" analog TV in the bedroom and it was too heavy to move anywhere. We saw this TV at WM for $249 and have not regretted the purchase. It is lightweight, slim, and easy to hook up to the satellite box.Great TV for the price!
After searching for a great deal this TV meets all my expectations. The only thing is that when its on but the DVD player is not on the speakers make a buzzing noise that's kind of annoying but as long as it is in use it works perfectly. I'm happy with my purchasesatisfied overall, great price for size
I wish I had gotten the bigger 120V TV - it intermittently gets diagonal lines like a wave going through the picture. I contacted the company and they want me to sent them a picture.intermittently gets diagnonal line through picture
This was definitely excellent value for the price I paid using site to store pickup. The savings in shipping allowed me to buy the 4 year extended service plan; a big plus in my book. Apparently sound quality is pretty much an issue on all of the flat screen TV's. I recommend you shop carefully on sound bars. Cheap has two meanings in regards to sound boards. If the sound bar unit is cheap then so will it have cheap sound.

Would I buy this brand again? Definitly.Over all very satisfied with my decision
Yes there are better TV's out there but it's hard to beat the performance/price ratio this one has. The picture is very good and the sound is more than adequate whether I'm watching regular TV or have it hooked up to my laptop via HDMI. I'm very pleased with this purchase.Great Value!
The sound quality isn't as good as I'd like, but overall, this is a great tv for the price.Good tv for the price
This TV is pretty good, sound could be a bit better, but with surround added, it is awesome. My son loves it, after seeing it, and with the Black Friday price, I ordered one more. The picture and sound aren't as good as my VIzio, but it is a descent 40" TV, and it even swivels. Can't go wrong for the price!Descent TV..
I'd been looking around for the best deal I could find for the price, and since I missed out on the doorbuster deals for black friday, I was able to find this one online. Really good value for the price! I've only had it for about two weeks, very satisfied so far.Great value for the price!
I just bought this TV because all of the reviews on it were so great. Everyone was right it is a great TV for the price. The picture is better if you get the HD cable setup. The Sound is great. I'm so glad we bought this TV it works great and looks great, you can't go wrong!Great TV
I purchased this tv for our bedroom and it has met every expectation except the sound could go a little lower. The lowest setting is a little loud for late night viewing. I am very happy with this purchase. I had never heard of this brand but it was an after Christmas sale and an exceptional deal. Based on the quality of this one, I would purchase another of this brand. They even supplied the screwdriver to attach the base.Great value for the price.
I have not owned the TV for long enough to explore all the many features that this design incorprates. Every thing that I have tried is well explained in the on screen menu and simple to follow. The picture quality is excellent.A very reasonable price for a TV of this size.
We bought this for our bedroom....as such it didn't need to be as nice as our main one, but it is surprisingly nice...especially for the screamin after Thanksgiving deal we got on it! As a FedEx driver I can tell you I delivered A LOT of the very same TV's and I hope everyone enjoys theirs as much as we are!This is a very nice TV for the money!
I really enjoy the Sceptre television, I could have paid more money and got a better quality
picture, but all in the same, it is a good picture, the thing that really impressed me was the price of the television. If you use the old addage you get what you paid for, then I definately got the better end of the bargin. I would really recommend this to any of my friends.Great T.V. for the value.
This is a great TV. I had already purchased a Spectre 1080p monitor as a second laptop display, so I knew their products were decent, and didn't hesitate to buy this 40" HDTV. It was a great value at $330, when the 42" Visio is sellling at $490 at Costco. Viewing angle and color depth are nice.

There do seem to be too many options for sound, and it is hard to tell how they interact with each other, so only 4 stars for sound. However, the sound (after being played with) is just fine, and connections out exist both for headphones (a mini jack into which I have now have some powered speakers plugged) and also stereo RCA plugs for a separate amplifier. Like all HDTV's the speakers are in the back so if you like good sound you will eventually want additional speakers.

Also gave it only 4 stars because it doesn't have a signal strength meter when tuning in stations. Since I have a directional OTA antenna that is a necessity for me, so I still use my old converter to align and set the direction. I understand this feature is commonly dropped on new TVs as many people just plug into cable boxes, but it would be nice to have for us who don't buy cable.

I had to order this online and pick it up at my local store, waiting 10 days to get it. But it was worth it.Great value on full 1080p HDTV
Good tvscepture 40in
I did lots and lots of research for a great tv for my dorm/apartment for college and this is the cheapest price for the size of the tv. The only negative thing i can find about this tv is that there is not a huge variety for the settings, that said there are enough settings to change the lighting and picture but alot of other tv's have more settings but not a huge deal for me. the picture has been great so far iv been using it for a little over 2 weeks and it has a great picture especially when i use HDMI with my xbox 360. I got shipping to my house and the box was in great condition and only took about 4 or 5 days to get to my house. Overall i would recommend this to anyone else looking for a larger tv for a good price.Great for the price!!!
This TV has the best bang for your money I have seen. Comparing it to a Sony; the picture is not as great but look at the price difference. My 27" Sony cost more than this TV. The sound is good. The only bad thing so far is we need to use 2 remotes. One for Directtv & the tv remote to turn the tv on & off.Great TV 4 the price
I really like this TV. It has everything I want -large screen, thin frame, adequate selection of inputs and a good picture. The only dislike is the remote; it works but it's function is very dependent upon the pointing angle. If your looking for a good, affordable priced TV, I would seriously consider purchasing this one. If you require a lot of options you should consider a more expensive TV.Great TV to own
Good TV for the money, no doubt about that. Free shipping to home, pretty good deal as far as i'm concerned. Set up was EASY and mounting it on the wall was easy. No issues so far.Good buy
Just wanted to get a new TV for my room and read all the reviews and thought Ok. I got the TV and its features and quality was better than I thought. I would recommend someone who was not looking for anything outrageous to definitely try this TV.Not bad for the price
We needed a basic flat screen for the bedroom and for the money this is a great value. There are many choices out there but this flat screen gets the job done well and saves your wallet money fr buying one that has all the bells and whistles.Good value for the money
It's a little hard to figure out when hooking it up but for the price it's a nice tvnice tv for the pice
Bought as a gift for my mother in law. Easy to set up and install. Lots of input options including USB. Very good price, delivered very quickly.Excellent value for a non-smart TV
its not loaded with features but i didn't pay for them either. i wasn't worried about having all the extras that i would not use so this tv was a wonderfull deal.overall a wonderful deal
This is my first large TV. I had a 19 inch before this. I bought this because I am having trouble seeing some of the things on the smaller TV. I have been watching the prices for some time and this SCEPTRE came with a very good price and free shipping. It has everything I need and a good picture and sound with a full 40" diagonal picture.SCEPTRE X405BV FHDR 40 LED Class 1080P
Easy process to purchase.. Good job!Product (at this time) looks "good".
Considering price this is a great value Picture is more than adequate. Sound not top quality for since I'm not into that too much its not an issue. TV is in master BR so works well where neededGreat TV for price
You'll be happier with it if it's hooked up to a receiver for the audio. The built-in speakers are lackluster but just fine for news broadcasts. But very satisfied with it for the price and would not hesitate to purchase again. Generous selection of inputs including multiple HDMI connectors.Great value, especially as a secondary set
I brought this tv for my summer homeand I was very pleased with it's picture. I highly recommend this producta very good inexpensive television
great value for bedroom or 2nd TV too big for kitchen,but perfect for our needs...registration on line was simple and quickgreat 2nd TV
I got this tv for a very low price. Considering that we mainly use this tv to watch cable it's a great price. I wouldn't recommend this if you want a pixel perfect experience but for an inexpensive tv for a family who doesn't its great.So far so good
Like the Product very much. very simple to program and easy to install. For those of us on a budget, this is an ideal product to get.Sceptre 40" LCD
I bought this tv as a self Christmas gift. Great size for an unbeatable price. Would definitely recommend.great for the price
Great tv for the money. I bought this tv as a Christmas present for the wife and she loves it. My only complaint is the sound quality. The speakers are in the back and the sound is not very loud. I have tried to adjust the setting but it does not seem to help. With that being said the picture is good and it has all the connections that one needs. I am think of buying another for the kids to use.Great tv for the money
So far everything is great but one thing. I give Fair for feature because the ability to sleep daily at a specific hour is not available. The manual give instruction on how to set the sleep, the menu is just not there. Only has a sleep timer.Great Simple HDTV
We were looking for a TV to replace my parents old tube type tv that was starting to fizzle out. Did some online research and decided on this one based on price, features and reviews. Sceptre a familiar name in computer monitors, but did not know they made tv's.

Received the tv quickly via shipping and hooked it up in our bedroom to test it out. Initial set up is quite easy and the onscreen menu is easy to navigate. Channel scan did not take long and picked up both HD and SD channels through the built in tuner ( no box needed to pick up network HD channels, even though our cable provider buried them in 1000's). Picture on SD is just okay, but that is to be expected, you can adjust the color and sharpness to obtain a slight improvement. HD picture was very crisp and clear and rivals some of the more expensive lcd tv's out there. DVD and BD picture quality was very good, and again, could give some of the more well known brand names some serious competition.

While picture quality was as good or a little better than expected at this price point ($320), it was the sound that went far beyond expectations. The sound is clear and LOUD, with a warm tonal quality that is not harsh, even at high volumes. The built in graphic equalizer also helps with tailoring the sound to individual taste, source material, or room acoustics. The quality of the sound is sufficient for most tv viewing, however, connecting to a home theater system will give DVD and BD movies more impact.

Durability is yet to be determined, but buying brand name lcd tv's is no guarantee of that either. If you are looking for a main lcd tv for an apartment or a second tv for a den or game room, you can't go wrong with this tv, especially at this price!Nice LCD TV w/ better than expected sound
My tv got a stuck pixel. I can live with it and only bothers me in dark scenes.
That was the doc on the picture.
The other doc was that the features are limited compared to my Samsung.
Overall good buy for a regular tv.Only bad thing..
Our old flat screen died after 10 years so we needed a replacement. Shopped around and found the 40" Sceptre and bought it. We have a 32" Sceptre bought a couple years ago and have had no problems with it. So it made sense to try another one.
Great TV,s for the price and look great.Great TV / Ecellent Value
Awesome TV and great picture. The stand it comes with however, is a flimsy plastic piece I was scared was going to break under the weight of the TV. I had my boyfriend run to Walmart to get a wall mount while I stayed home holding the wobbling TV. After spending a lot more than I wanted to on a wall mount I love the TV. I feel that Sceptre should have caught that major design flaw during testing, but i guess that is asking too much for a cheap offbrand TV. If you are looking for a nice, cheap TV to hang on a wall this is it; if you were npt looking to mount this TV, but instead stand it up, this is not the TV for you. I really wish I would have believed the previous reviews before I made the purchase.Great TV but,
40" for $250?

love itgreat tv
Got this at Black Friday price of $250. Great deal. My parents' Sony HD TV clearly has a better picture, but I wouldn't have been willing to spend the money for that. Compared to the analog TV this replaces, the picture is better than acceptable.

Shipping was amazingly fast. Ordered on Friday, received Monday.OK quality, better than OK price
The picture quality of this TV is quite good. As other reviews have mentioned, the sound quality isn't the best on it, I find that I often have to turn the volume up when someone is talking about it there is clapping, laughter, etc then I have to turn it down.
It's a slim deisgn which is nice and overall I am satisfied with this product.Good TV for the price
Sound quality is poor,rest all looks good.Sound quality is poor,rest all looks good.
This TV was a lot bigger than I imagined! It has great quality for the price when set up correctly! I was skeptic about purchasing this TV at first but I took the dive and I'm so glad I did!More than what I expected!
For the price, can't beat this TVAdequate
Worked just fine right out of the box. Very easy setup. Excellent picture and good sound (10 watts ea) Called the 800 phone # (They actually supplied it) with a question about the remote... got an English speaking tech in California (I think) with a prompt, no hassle answer. So far I am more than pleased with the unit and the company.Simply a good TV
Was skeptical on such a great deal with a name I never heard of.
Advised by the reviews I purchased this tv for my bedroom.
For the price you can't find better. Meets all my needs and looks and sounds very good!Great tv for the price
Now I can afford a flat screen t.v. in every bedroom!Good picture,but the audio gets distorted a little when played @ a higher volume,especially during the action or fright movies I enjoy watching. Overall a great t.v. for the price.A sound bar is worth the investment if your a die-hard movie fan as I am,have bought 3 of these t.v.'s and am satisfied with my purchases!Great price and veiwing as a secondary t.v!
Very pleased. Met all my expectations.Excellent buy!
A good value for Black Friday, but the picture is not as sharp as on our other TV.A good Black Friday value.
The T.V. Was a good value at under $300
The only issiue I have is that the stand is flimsy so the t.v. will wobble when you go to clean it.
It would of been nicer to be a little more soild with a sturdier stand. Everything else is good. Good buy for the money.Good sale price
Please watch when buying a T.V. (like this one) that you look at the watts of sound.I was more concerned with the cost than the specifications. This T.V. is only 10 watts of sound so I have had to turn the sound up to 90-100 to hear some shows. So I had to buy a sound bar. So do your home work before buying T.V's (LIKE I DIDN'T DO). But I do love the sound bar, now I have 80 watts of sound.Very Poor Sound
The colors could have been more vivid but overall, this is a pretty good TV for the price. I bought it for my Mom, I think she is enjoying it.This is a pretty good TV for the price
tv is better than I thought, 40 in, for $250, I got more tv for the pricevegasfun2013
My husband purchased this TV for our bedroom. We were kind of skeptical because of the brand, but the price was right, we had to get it and try it out. The order was done on line and the TV arrived a week later at the house. The assembly was no hassle at all. I can say that we were amazed with the picture and sound quality of the TV; the channels are nice and clear. I do recommend this TV to anyone.This product worked beyond my expectations.
This is a good buy if you are looking for a TV that has great picture for a great price. I have read reviews that bashed on the sound quality but it really isn't that bad. It is just as good as a Panasonic or Sony. Overall, great buy. I got this TV on Black Friday for $220, so I think I did well. It was definitely worth it.Great Price
For well under $300, this has been a great buy. With 60hz like this model, small titles scrolling will not be crisp, but already knew that going in to the purchase. Otherwise exceeds expectations so far.Excellent value for 40" LED TV
great bedroom tvgood value
The 40" Sceptre is surprisingly decent considering it's low price. The sound is adequate and features that of any other higher priced TV's. I would reccommend this TV to anyone who is not looking for all of the bells and whistles of a smart TV.Sceptre 40" TV A good surprise!
Great price for the size and picture quality. Sound isn't great but it's good. Screw holes in the back of the TV weren't the same as the the screws that came with my standard TV mount but the Sceptre online tech support folks were really helpful and told me what size screws fit the holes in the back of the TV and I ran over to the local Ace Hardware and for less than 50 cents was all set. In case you need the screw size it's m5 x 6mm but depending on the thickness of your wall mount an m5 x 8 or 10mm should work fine.Great value
Shipping was really fast! came exactly when they said it would, Havent hooked the tv up yet, because its a christmas present, but the packing was perfect and the tv looks great!tHIS is a xmas gift so we havent used it yet
I love the easy set up & large screen. Will buy another one for guest bedroomGreat tv for bedroom
We got a great deal on this TV during Black Friday and were very pleaed with the quality for the price.Great TV for the price
No, it doesn't have a high refresh rate, or built in WiFi. And the picture is not quite as good as Sharp/Sony/Toshiba - but its close enough. All in all, a good basic TV, and at a very good price.basic no/few frills 40" TV - good value
I got this TV for $247 plus tax and for the size, picture quality, sound quality and features it's a great buy for a family gamers room.
The only negative which isn't that much of a big deal is the remote controller. It's cheaply made but functional.Great value for the price.
Great for a bed room.40"
This tv is better than expected for the price. The picture is amazing.Good picture
Bought this as a Christmas gift for my daughter and she states she loves it as it has a nice picture and sound for being a TV is good enough for her room.Daughter loves it
I am overall happy with the purchase, the price was right for the size and delivery.Cool buy...
This is a great tv and the price ($249) was definitely right on Cyber Monday!Great tv, great price
Nice TV , picture is fine, sound is good for a flat screen. Price was great! Bought to replace Moms tube TV. Welcome to 2014GOOD TV
I purchased this 40 " for the bedroom, and placed it atop of a already in place tv stand.
It has a great picture but , I would like to have better sound, I use my wireless headphones and all is ok.

The size is great for bedroom, as you see detail really nice.
The tv has lots of function and connections for those who need to adapt other equipment to be used.Nice size screen for bedroom
THE ONLY BAD THING I THINK IS THE SOUND COULD BE A BIT BETTEROVER ALL IT IS A VERY GOOD T.V. FOR THE PRICE.
I'm pretty happy with it for the money I paid. I would recommend this tv.Good value
Easy to set up, great picture, great sound.Great for the price
Very nice product...only con is volumn doesn't seem to be the best...have it almost on 100%a step up from my 27"
I purchased this T.V. because my 5 yr broke his 37in. Vizio (playing his Wii)which I absolutely loved. I didn't want to spend alot of money this time. This is a very good T.V. for the money and I think you will enjoy it especially if you have HD. I purchased this T.V. in March of 2012 and it is $40 cheaper which is a steal. I haven't had any problems with this T.V. since that time.A good T.V for the money
Purchased as a X-mas gift. Seems like a very good value. Hope everything works out well. Also purchased the offered insurance plan for minimal cost, just in case.Sceptre TV
Easy to install the base and the price was great. Picture show great and good sound.Great tv
good TV for the price.good tv great service from Walmart
The only thing that I am dissatisfied with are the instructions for assembly as well as getting the complete setup done. The pictures are too small to be of use and the wording of the instruction
leaves much to be desired.Serves as a second TV in another room.
this tv has an amazing picture and sound quality. wish it had more hdmi ports and a/v ports but other than that its great. it came with everything a screwdriver to attach the stand to the tv, a cloth to clean the tv with, and seperate ziploc bags for everything to be stored in. very easy hook up and instructions are simple.great product
This product arrived quickly and was packaged extremely well! TV was very EASY to set up. I'm very pleased with the sound and build quality. The only knock I have is the picture. It has been difficult for me to get the aspect ratio satisfactory. Also, the factory settings for the picture are not acceptable to me because they are too dark. Otherwise, this appears to be a good product, and for only 300 bucks delivered, NOTHING can beat it in terms of value.Excellent starter or bedroom TV
I read the reviews and felt like it couldn't hurt to purchase this product. It fits well in my living room and is playing just fine. I will probably get a sound bar cause the volume doesn't get that loud.Product good for the price
Other than not having a wakeup timer/alarm it is GREAT. Shipped to my front door and 3 year warranty under $300!Great for the price
Great tv for the price I am very happy with my purchaseGreat tv and great price
TV has been very good so far. I would have rated it highter, but for two shortcomings: 1) I am a little hard of hearing and even though tv is in a rather small bedroom, I had to purchase a sound bar so that I could really hear it; 2) After numerous attempts to program the Cox remote to control this tv, it failed. Remote won't turn tv on or control sound level. Contacting tech support at Spectre was no help.Got a bargain!
It was a great deal and so far so good (2 weeks) I wish the speakers were a better quality but they are okay. I am using them for displays in my office and they work for that.Overall Happy
I first purchased three of these, one for each of my grandchildren three years ago. They were very inexpesive, So I wasn't concerned about picture quality or sound. I purchased a more 'name brand' for myself. I have had to have the board replaced on my TV, but theirs is still going strong, so now I bought one for myself.Sceptre is a good value that I would recommend.
only thing is the stand it is on does not seem very stable, but it does swivel which is nicehappy with the quality of TV
This tv is a good value. The picture is a bit sharp, but it's an LED tv.
I hate where the HDMI port is, but that's just because my outlet is on the opposite side.
The only thing I wish was different with this tv...is the volume.
Sound quality is okay. We had to get a sound bar.Works great, for the most part
I just got this tv and so far it has been great. The sound is not as amazing as the picture, but for the money it is a great deal.Great value
My only problem with this TV is the base is a little problem putting together, otherwise this is a wonderful TV for the price.Great for the price
This TV has very poor sound quality and a picture that is average. I bought the TV for $250. For that price I didn't expect $500 worth of quality. I hooked the TV up to our home stereo system which solved the sound issue. If you can get this TV for the right price it is a recommendable product.Value for the Money
Would have been nicer if it included HDMI cable.Purchased as a gift.
Works great for now.Great TV for money
This TV is a great first HDTV. At first, I was concerned the picture quality was not good as we were streaming content from our Wii and it looked "shadowy." Shortly after, we decided to get a blu-ray player that had the capability to stream shows through netflix, hulu, etc. and then the quality was fantastic! No problem using chromecast either. Overall, I am quite happy with this purchase.Great first high definition TV
Good fast service good productWas pusrchased for a gift
I put one in my T.V. room/Den, the other in the bedroom. Great product for the price. Sound quality isn't all that wonderful, but if you just want to watch something it is perfect. I recommend the purchase of a sound bar with this if you really want QUALITY sound. For $258.00 for a 40" T.V., though - you can't go wrong!Good buy
I did quite a bit of research before settling on this t.v.
1. The reviews were great.
2. 40 inches of tv for the price is great. Compared to other models that are $100 plus for the same, even small size.
3. This tv works great. I've been playing around with the settings and finding what I like for sound and display. People complain about both of them. You've got to play with your settings. It's not that hard!
4. The funny new electronic smell seems to be going away.
5. My only complaint is that there is only one hook up for video.
6. Overall, this is a great tv, easy to set up, very light and I am satisfied with my purchase. I thought about purchasing the warranty plan, but I've heard it can be $100 or more just to ship the thing, so why bother.My first Led
Mine was purchased as a gift for my mom for Christmas, great picture and sound straight out of the box.Great tv for price
I am really pleased with this television. The price was excellent for a 40 inch screen. I did have to do a little trial and error to get the best picture and the sound as I like it. Would highly recommend it for the size and price.Great for the Value.
I am still in the getting it all sorted out stage but for no more than I paid for this TV I am tickled pink with its quality and features. It is an excellent TV and the perfect choice for the RV I placed it in. I think it will see many SEC Saturday's in the south! I love Wal Mart and what they have!WOW! For the price it doesn't get much better!
Being used as a game and video tv for the kids, works perfect. Sound is a little low, but for the price and quality makes up for it.Being used as a game and video tv for the kids
sound is a bit lame, otherwise greatpleased with it
Clear picture. User friendly. Highly recommend.Nice tv...
The worker drop it while bringing it to the car, it didn't break it works good but it's really an 38in but cool with me!..Nice tv
well I bought this tv for a Christmas present for my wife who loves it because she a tv hound.good tv for the price.
Slim & Light! Good screen quality and sound too is great. Perfect fit for my new apartmentloved it!
Hi,
This my first HDTV I've owned. I love the quality of the picture and the hdmi ports work good. I am having a little problem with the red/yellow/white ports functioning with the Xbox. I will have to see if that's a true problem by trying some other items. Others mentioned something about sound. I think that part is fine, although there could be a bit more base for a more theater quality.but living in an apartment, this is an advantage to me.Affordable HDTV awesome picture
Only had 2 weeks but great so far.Good inexpensive LED tv
Great tv for the priceGreat TV for price
Fantastic picture quality, extremely lightweight. Sound quality is not the best, but I was already planning on purchasing a soundbar, anyway. Menu and settings are easy to navigate. Overall, good buy!Good deal for the price!
I bought this during the black Friday/Cyber Monday deals for $250, it was definitely worth the price, unless you're a tech freak and are really picky about picture and sound which are not bad. Setup was simple, everything to set it up is included (just a screwdriver), its the perfect TV for your children who won't notice the difference with the video/sound quality and if they do, they're old enough to buy themselves a better TV.Good for it's price
sound quality not as good as I would like it to be so may get the sound bar as recommendedGreat TV for the price
Sounds great and picture quality was good.Very good
You get what you pay for. This tv is a nice tv for the price and to be 1080p.Good quality for the price
Satisfied with the picture quality, ease and quickness of shipment, like the fact that it is made in California, lightweight. I'd recommend a sound booster/package.Good flat screen for the $$
works great enough HDMI and audio output options The only think we don't like is the volume control is slow to respond otherwise for the price its greatfor the price its hard to beat
I thought was a very great purchase however I was disappointed with the wattage output from the headphone jack. I have a sound bar that doesn't have a remote so I plugged in the sound bar into the headphone output of the television the wattage was very low so I had to crank it all the way up to really hear it. Other than that I love the picture and it compares to other models I've seen at the other stores for a lot more money. I would definitely buy this in a larger size for the other rooms of my house.Very nice
I'm happy with my purchase. no complaintsgreat TV for the price.
Very happy with it so far. I've had it about two weeks now and the picture is very good and it has all the features I wanted. I would be considered a very satisfied customer.Overall a great buy.
great YV for pricegreat TV for price
very good for the priceonly had it one week but it seem great
Quick delivery and nice TV. Picture will not blow you away but for the price it is a great value.Good purchase for great price
We were hoping for a good picture and got a great one, very happy. The sound quality has a lot to be desired, sound bar is a must. The TV overall is of great quality and well worth the investment.Great buy for your dollar
Excellent TV for the money and a really great picture!Great Value!
This tv is far beyond what I expected for less than $300.00. Easy to set up, great picture and sound. I have a large living room and there is no need for sound enhancements here. The swivel screen is awesome. I can turn the screen if I'm working in the kitchen or dining area. I would definitely recommend this tv. Very pleased.For the Price.....
Great picture. Can't beat the price.Good deal
Did not purchase this as our primary but for a room we use occasionally. TV is above average quality and exactly what we were searching for. Have only had it for a couple of weeks so time will tell. Reading some of the other reviews others have had issues at the 6 month mark. So we purchased the warranty plan with the sale price still made this a good buy.Exactly what I expected.
While I found this TV to be slightly lacking in features as compared to The Big Brands, it certainly makes up for an abundance of faults by being very wallet-friendly in it's price tag.
The color accuracy and integrity is not on the same level as a higher end TV. That said, most "average people" are not going to really notice it, and with the $100-200 saved over Big Brand X, I can personally deal with a the tones being slightly skewed.
For the more sensitive crowd, this TV would be perfect for kids, spare room, basement, video games, etc. This TV costs much less than any current video game console system, and will do a fine job of displaying their games.

It may not be a "Smart TV", but if you have a PS3, Roku, Chromecast or similar device hooked up, then the Smart features are redundant anyway.

Aside from price tag, the biggest PRO for this set is the comprehensive array of input/outputs available, including analog audio, which is a rare find even on TVs costing twice as much.

The price value and input/output options raise this otherwise mediocre set to a 4 Star rating in my opinion.Value minded
Good value for the money however the picture quality does not have the sharpness that you see in the stores but maybe if I get HD input that may improve. Sound quality is only fair but I have been running the audio through my Bose radio which makes a world of difference. Overall a good buy.Good value
This TV has a lot of great features especially for the price. We've had it for about a month now and it seems to work fine. We have it in a game room/exercise room in the basement so it doesn't get used that much. That color is good straight on and even at sharp angles but I did notice that at extremely sharp angles the color is off. I just so happen to be walking by when my daughter had the TV on and noticed it, but for the price of the TV it's no deal breaker. I bought the 3 year warranty for $30 buckets (I normally don't buy the extended warranties but for $30 it was worth the piece of mind) We don't have a lot hooked to it, but it has several HDMI ports along with RCA ports. Don't know a lot about the brand but it seems to come with a lot of features for the money.Sceptre X405BV
picture is clear, tv has sound options but sound is not loud enough. no problems with the tv.clear product
You will need a sound system.....i.e. sound bar!You will need to purchase a Sound Bar!
Good value!So far very satisfied with this product.
I bought this tv for my son. A friend of mine reccomended it. He love's it! He can hook up his playstation 3, dvd, or the family computers and watch all his shows. Connect iwth his friends. Awesome gift!An Awesome Christmas Gift
Bought this as a gift for my sister and she loves it. Says the picture is great and it is in focus anywhere in the room. Also said she liked the way it the stand would swivel. Only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because I haven't seen it.Great TV for the money
Great tv, good price, but the volume has limits, in a living room space you are going to need a sound bar or speakers, we got one for 98$, still all in all a great deal for a tv with crisp picture. Note: these TVs need to be hooked up to an HDMI outlet. Picture suffers greatly without itGood Tv needs sound bar
Good quality buy. Only complaint is that the remote is not very responsive.Affordable TV
I bought this TV as a replacement for another one over ten years old. I love the swivel stand so that I can change the position of the TV when I exercise. This TV works well for playing games as well. Overall I think this was a good purchase.Replacement TV
Picture quality is great, sound leaves alot to be desired, but it is set up to plug in surround sound system. I was very happy with all the features and it's very easy to set up. Very light weight!Very nice for the price!
Good value for the price. I am having trouble adjusting the picture size so that the information scrolling on the bottom of the screen can be read. If I can see the info, the picture has a black space on the top. Overall, a good TV.Good Value For The Price
Not as refined as a top name brand, but for the picture quality and price, can't beat it.Happy Camper
We needed a new TV when the one in our living room died. we got this as a replacement and i must say its a great TV.Great TV for the price
Great Value. 40 inch 1080 HD for under 300.00LED T.V.
The LED backlit LCD computer monitors and televisions are a step in the right direction for "Green", for image quality, product durability and also weight savings. Sceptre is a brand I know from their beginnings, and I've bought a pile of small CRT VGA computer monitors of this brand. I know their products to be high quality, rugged and dependable. When I saw this 40 inch LED TV at WalMart Online store, I was comfortable buying this. The many reviews were a help, and informed me I would probably be buying a better speaker system for it soon, and that the image quality would be well worth the sale price of under $300.00!
Unpacking and setting it up was easy. It was well protected in the factory packaging, all parts and materials were there. The three HDMI inputs are a blessing and all will be used. The additional component RGB and even VGA will also be used.
I've seen it stressed in other reviews, and I think it important to note here that this HD Television *REQUIRES* an HD source to show an HD image. This means using the HDMI with whatever device your source(s) are. Like cable TV, and a BluRay Player. Without that, image quality does suffer, across the board. This goes for any HD display, no matter the brand or price. This said, I am pleased with this unit, and thinking I could have sprung a little more and got the 50" set!
MichealGood product, great price
TV is good looking easy to set up and great picture. I love the extra features like RUKU readygreate product for the price
The process was easy and I picked it up with no problemseasy to order
This is the 3rd Sceptre TV we have purchased, the other 2 being 32" and all 3 have serviced us well. Does everything we want it to and more and has a great picture.Great off brand TV for the price!
Picture is impressive. The sound could be improved. When you turn up the volume to max, it still isn't that loud. We do have a sound bar and outdoor speakers, so we can adapt. This TV is for our patio, great TV for the price.Great TV!
Its a great tv for the price, Has good picture and colorGreat tv for the price.
This is a good TV for the price is you can deal with some sound issues.Good TV.
I bought this tv because of the price and so far it has worked good.tv review
This TV is great for the price. The picture is nice although some HD stations are a little grainy. The sound could be better, but for the price it's great.Right for the price
I have purchased 3 of these because the picture quality is excellent for the price, however the sound is less than great which is cool if you live somewhere that does not allow you to blast your games, movies..music..whatever. I would not recommend this size TV for anywhere other than a bedroom anyway but if you want the better sound, you have options. You can either get a sound bar or connect the TV through your stereo receiver. Overall..great TV for the price....for me...but do your own research and you will be happy you did...Great picture but...
This TV was a great deal and I am planning to purchase another one soon40' tv
my new scepter 40 is more than I expected and what a great price.greaat tv for any room
No problemsWorth it
I had very low expectations for this inexpensive tv, but was pleasantly surprised.Great, if you have appropriate expectations
Great price for $219. has VGA,HDMI,RCA plug ins that let me hook up VCR,DVD and computer to it.. Very light in weight.Has all the features I needed
So far so good.... Not as good a picture or functions as my 2 LG sets, but it was cheaper and it's just for the bedroom..... I'd say we got a good product at a great price.....Bargain.....
I'm happy with my tv and with the price. Quality is good. I'd buy it again.Sceptre 40"
TV was a piece of cake to set up. Plenty of feeds and good picture. Picture is super bright and clear except when viewing from a sharp angle where it dulls and blacks grey. Great value for the price.Viewing angle
Good size, decent speaker, good colorgood tv for price
I got this for a well deserving friend. It replaced a big boxy tv that had a great picture but it was a box. He loved this tv! I have never seen someone so excited. The picture was beautiful and easy to control.Better than a box
Good color, great price, easy adjustment controls!Good color, good price
Very good so far, haven't been used, but 2-3 weeks. Very good picture.Very Good So Far
The TV is good for the price but the speakers in the TV not so loud.Good
Tooke it out of the box and it worked right off.Works great
Nice Tv for the price. I"m very happy.sceptre tv
Works greatgreat value
Ordered this television for my mom, the shipping was great and easy for a senior citizen to set up. She loves her new television and the picture is great for the price.Great for Price!
It was easy to set up, lightweight and real user friendlyLike it
works fine so far but had to mess with the color and other stuff to but all in all not badnot bad for the price
Good tv, image and sound its great ...excelent
This is a nice value. My only issue was the box was all mangled but the T.V. works fine.Great value for the money.
I previously bought a 46 inch Sceptre TV that had a great picture , but so so sound. This Sceptre 30 inch was the same only the sound was a little worse . I bought the RCA sound bar for 48 dollars , that made up all the difference . The sound bar did not come with it's DC converter , it was missing . But Walmart made that right .

I saved enough overall with the total bill being about $ 304.00

The speakers distort very badly when you turn the volume up to about 1/3 . Now with the sound bar it sounds just fine.Great Picture
So far, so good. We've only used the TV for a couple days, but set up was a breeze and the picture is crystal clear. No problems watching TV or playing video games on it. Great bang for your buck!Great TV!
TV arrived quickly and was easy to set up. Replacement for tv in guest bedroom. Picture is good. I have had this unit a couple of weeks now with regular use and none of the quality issues noted in other reviews. The only complaints I have are 1) whenever you key the remote a large window appears in the upper right corner showing you are on HDMI 1 (or similar) - cannot figure out how to disable this feature and 2) volume on the low range is still a tad too high. Needs a broader adjustment range (i.e. more clicks for more incremental increases). But for $230 LED tv it's hard to complain about that small thing. I would buy this again.Great value
Great picture weak sound, added small RCA sound bar to hrlp.tv
Couldn't of asked for a better TV for the price!Great TV!
Use it on the patio, picture quality is outstanding for the price, audio can be a little tinney may try a matching sound barGreat picture quality
This TV has a good picture. The only thing I have noticed is that the sound does not go up very high. (no I am not hard of hearing)40" TV
It's great. I bought it on sale. I wouldn't say it was the best picture quality, but definitely not the worst. It's way worth what I paid.its good
great picture. sound can be better. only issue so far, My Comcast remote will turn the power off but not on . can't figure that out. overall good set.good TV for the price.
Arrived without anything broken or missing. Except I would appreciate it if you would include screws to attach to the wall installation as they are not common household wood/metal screws. Surely it wouldn't cost much. Had to leave and go to Home Depot.

Had to get Direct TV out to cable it to match the main living room TV set. That cost money not expected.

Picture seems pretty good - not overwhelmed - but for the price it's fine.Flat Screen 40"
I am very happy with the picture quality. The color is a little washed out and the black is not really pitch dark. But it was only noticable when directly compared to my main LG TV that costs 4 times more.

The sound is another matter. It is really bad, but no worse than the vizio that I also have. Strongly suggest bypassing the TV sound completely. Connect the cable, DVD etc. using their optical S/PID to the audio systme directly.

I checked the reviews before I purchased. It seems to me that most low ranking came from owners whose set failed earlyEverything a budget LED TV offers and more
I MAY BUY ANOTHER ONE. GREAT TV, GREAT PRICE. HAPPY WITH PURCHASE.GREAT TV FOR PRICE
Excellent picture, remote and menu system. Sound is acceptable. Great second TV.Great value
We had a difficult time getting it setup where it was in sync with our Dish Hopper with Sling. The TV itself, once we got it setup, was super good picture. The size is great. We still haven't been able to setup the Dish remote for Off/On and Volume/Mute button. I don't know who to call to get the Spectre device #.Spectre HD LED 40" 1080 p TV
Sometimes won't get cable signal when turned onGood for the price
everything works fine. Make sure when buying this from Wal mart that you check to make sure all parts are in the box. We were missing the base attachment kit and the remote. Sceptre took care of the prblem and shipped the same day UPS blue. my guess lis that Walmart prbably took those parts out to satisfy another customer and of coarse didn't tell anyone (left hand doesn't know what right hand is doing)
?Picture and sound are good, and would buy another Sceptre product.Nice TV for a bedroom
Bought this TV as a replacement for the gift TV I bought my parents. The original gift TV was Sony and the motherboard went out on it just after the 1 year warranty period. This TV is the same 40" LED 1080P HD as the original Sony I paid $400 for. Hopefully, this one lasts longer, if not, at least it was cheaper.Great TV!
No problems. Good Product.Good Product for the right price.
I've only had for a month.. so far so good..Happy so far..
I've only had the television for a few weeks and so far so good. No issues so far...good picture quality and sound.Great Product!!!
Have enjoyed this big screen. The voice is kinda off if comes and goes with the volume.nice picture
I bought this online. I had gone to Wal-Mart to see what the picture quality was like, since I had never heard of the brand before. There were none on display at the store. So I took a chance without knowing much about it. All the reviews I read online were positive. This TV replaces a 27" console, so I figured I couldn't go wrong. I did buy a 4 year warranty just in case.Good Quality for the price
I BOUGHT THIS TV ABOUT 9 MONTHS IM VERY HAPPY WITH IT I SEE NO FLAWS IN ITMORE THAN I THOUGHT
Wanted a smaller tv so I bought the Sceptre @ a good priceGood picture
vERY NICE TV I PURCHASED THIS TV AS A CHRISTMAS GIFT FOR MY HUSBAND. IT IS VERY LIGHT AND EASY TO INSTALL. I HAD A TECHNICAL PROBLEM WITH THE TV AND SEND AN EMAIL TO THE TECHNICIANS AND IT WAS A SUNDAY AND THEY RESPONDED WITHIN THE HOUR. GOOD TV FOR A GREAT PRICE.SCEPTRE X405BV-FMQR
this tv is a great buy for the money. easy to hook up and good to watch.great
excellent flat screen! Skeptre is a class in its own!large
The TV was all that it was supposed to be, Packaged in great careGreat TV
I got this as a Christmas present for myself from Walmart. It cost $215.00. I am pleased with the TV. The picture is crystal clear and sharp. I have no complaints.Great for the price
Glad I pulled the trigger and purchased. Was not sure of buying a brand I was not fermilier with. This is the first Flat Screen TV for us. Price was a factor. Very clear picture, however back ground seems to be out of focus. some one said it is common with a flat screen. reviews indicated sound was not great, But I think it is Just Fine without a sterio, or sound bar. All in all very happy.WOW
Bought about a month ago. Shows a nice picure. I need to get a wider stand. Hubby in the process of checking out all the featuresAwesome Television
I received this tv as a gift recently. Its great. I personally like the swivel the base allows to turn the tv a bit. My only issue is the color setting functions are pretty restrictive. Other than that all around great tv.GREAT TV
I bbought it one mon ago and I am satisfied with it .its a good TV for its pricegood shop
This TV was purchased as a gift. Setup was easy. Picture quality, Design, Fit & Finish are all better than expected. Only issue that i have with it is the sound quality, but this is to be expected with most TV's like these. Would suggest buying a soundbar for best sound. I would purchase this TV again.Good TV for the money!
Love the tv but the view from the side could be betterClear screen
I bought this during Black Friday online and love the TV. It is lightweight , easy to set up and easy to adjust. It has many features and it works very well for my family. I had never heard of this brand but am glad I purchased it.Easy to Set up, good Picture
Good product for the money !!!! Picture and color are good, but the setup is a little confusing. Why not just make things self adjust to "Good", "Better", and "Best" !!
Volume is very jerky to adjust, even with audio volume leveling turned on. Picture sizing is very confusing. But overall, for the money, it is worth the purchase.Sceptre X405BV-FHDR REVIEW
I got this for the holiday season so we would finally have a large screen tv to enjoy. The price was so economical that I was cautious about buying it. However, this 40 inch screen tv was just what I needed to see the details of the programs and to enjoy the various outdoor scenes that we love. The picture is bright, HD and very clear and we are happy that we got this set.

The only slightly negative things I have to say is that when you look at it at an angle the picture appears washed out, but the angle at which this happens is greater than the usual viewing angle. The other thing is that the sound could be a little louder although it is adequate for most viewing. You can plug it into a supplemental sound system like a stereo amp, which we did.

On the positive side, the unit is very light weight and has a lot of in/out connections. All-in-all, a very good value for everyday TV enjoyment.Great Entertainment Value!
Loved the picture on this tv. Nice eatures for the price.Great for the price
Love the picture quality.
I've had no performance issues since purchase.
SRS tends to be a bit heavy on music vs. voiceGreat set for the price
Bought the TV for a good price and the picture is GreatVery Nice
we bought this tv for our den and it has worked wellgreat value
We bought this tv as a Black Friday deal. It was a great deal. The quality is great. The sound is pretty decent. The picture quality is pretty good for the size. We enjoy watchimg movies on it and using it for all our video games. Overall it was worth it.Great Quality. Great Price.
Perfect addition for the man cave. Easy set-up..great picture!Great!
Just got the TV yesterday and like it. I wanted a bigger TV and this one is 40" and I can see everything on it. I'm 66 yrs. old and my eyes are not what they use to be. So far so good.Nice TV
Got this online on Black Friday for under $250! Funny thing was when picked up at store on 1 side of box has pic's of a bunch of beautiful women which 1 lady commented about it being Chauvinistic and 1 guy wondered if it contained Pornography!
Other than that everything else was as good as or better than I expected.GREAT PRICE/PRODUCT!
I bought this a month ago, the picture is good,but the volume could use some work..most the time it's turned up very high but can still barely hear over basic household noise. Sound bar definitely needed. Other than that no complaints!Good picture...good price
Got this TV to replace a very old one and the difference is great. Color is very vivid, selections to match the cable company are easy to follow. Sound is good without added speakers. Setup with the instructions was easy. Customer service is quick and efficient.More than we bargained for
I bought this tv in january of 2014 and I am very pleasedgreat features
I bought this TV in April of 2014. The picture is clear and big. The only complaint I have is the sound. My husband is hard of hearing. Sometimes it seems that the sound fades.Great value!
I bought this TV in June from Walmart.com. It's a nice TV for a great low price. The sound isn't high quality but it's decent. Overall good value.Good TV for low price
Bought at Walmart.com and has a beautiful brushed finish and great picture! So far so good!Great value for quality!
Bought this after my LG had an accident...great price and not to shabby picture. For what it will be used or (kids room) I think it is great and a smart buy.Good Buy for the price
I purchased this TV approximately 4 months ago and I love that the TV is light weight, quality picture. The only downside to this TV is the sound...It will get pretty loud however it sounds like the sound is projected to the rear of the TV and I often have to turn the volume up.Light weight ~ Quality Picture
Very nice tv for what you pay for. Good rating overall, except you do need the sound bar or another type speaker system to get the sound you want, otherwise great picture and great TV.Nice TV
I've had this TV for about a month now. The picture is crystal clear. I love the swivel base. I'm considering buying a soundbar to increase the volume. Great value.Crystal Clear Picture
I bought this tv a month ago, for the money it is over all a good buyeasy to set up
hooked up to an antenna in the attic-getting 15 channels with a great picture !got it for my bedroom
Excellent picture. I had a little trouble navigating through the menus for adjustments, but figured it out. Nice TV for the price.Good buy
I purchased 2 of these as Christmas gifts for my children. They are on all the time and as of this time, I have not had any problems with these TV's.Great Tv
Got it on a very good deal back in early December, love the picture and options. Only problem I have is that it sometimes turns itself on! It is very random and shuts itself back off after 8 minutes! Still I'm satisfied.Satisfied with my purchase.
Just received my Sceptre TV....It took only a few minutes to assemble the stand and plug and play from cable box. The clarity is very good, sound is also good with a few adjustments. Easy to read and make adjustments to pic, sound, etcEasy set up Nice pic
Needed a 40 inch for bedroom and this TV was such a good price and it has a good picture. Wish you could adjust the size of the screen like all our other tv's.Great Value
Great TV for the money. Picture and sound are fine for my bedroom. Remote is to small for seniors. Needs larger print on remote and on screen. Still confusing on how to adjust picture size while using a cable box. Would be nice to have auto adjustment button for picture sizing and volume.Great TV for the price
High Resolution, several HDMI slots, great picture and sounds. Awesome product for the price.Great Value!
A TREMENDOUS VALUE. HDMI CONNECTIONS ARE A LITTLE LOOSE AND SUBJECT TO INTERUPTIONS IF WIRES MOVED. SPEAKERS ARE A LITTLE TINNY BUT I USE HOME THEATER SO WHO CARE. PICTURE RIVALS MAIN TV WHICH IS A MUCH MORE EXPENSIVE MODEL BY SAMSUNG.WONDERFUL BUT
Bought this for my husbands man cave...great addition! Nice picture, however, had a few issues trying to get the volume louder.Great Value
Great product for he cash. TV has been up for about 2 months on a wall mount which was easy to install. All in all a good product that I would recommendFair product great price
nice tv at a good price ,i would buy another onenice tv
Nice picture and sound. Ample size for our family room.Nice TV
Only TV locally available that I could plug in both a DVD player and my security system. Much better quality than the Vizio we tried first. Very good sharp picture and easy to use. Swapping between AV, TV, DVD not well defined in manual. Figured it out by accident. Very easy and quick reaction time when you know what to do. Better sound than our previous Sharp, Samsung and Sanyo units. Very good price also. The only problem was the remote quit working after 2 or 3 weeks. It was replaced immediately after a phone call to the tech department at Sceptre.Great picture
So far I am happy with my new TV. However, The indicators at the bottom right that changes as you increase or decrease the sound needs improvement. The color change on the word Sceptre is useless as it never seems to be the same two times in a row, and, the numeric values are way too small to see beyond four feet away.OK, but sound indicator needs
nice quality tv but I need a cable box to access digital channels not happy with thatnice tv
I was looking for an inexpensive 40+" LED TV and saw this one mentioned in Consumer's Reports. They had it well rated except for the sound, but this TV has several audio output options on it, so I wasn't concerned about that. Overall, I love the TV. I do agree that the sound is slightly below par, and that is why there are only 4 stars. However, I see that if you get a Sceptre Soundbar for it, the soundbar will also respond to the TV remote, so that might be what I do. Even after buying a soundbar, this TV would still be less expensive than the other options I saw, and it has a great picture.Surprised at the quality
we have been using this tv and it works very well....get some pixilation at times on my HD channels, but in all great for the pricegreat tv for the price
I bought my TV almost a yea ago and I love it! Quality picture, and great price. The only downside to this TV is that the sound appears that it's coming from the rear of the TV instead of being projected to the front. I would like to get the surround sound speakers.Love MY TV...Light weight
Got a good price from Walmart.com for this set .
It is for our guest bedroom , so it is perfect for that. Love that the base swivels .FOR GUEST BEDROOM
so far one of the better TV's I have purchased it has many features others don't have for the price. would give it 5 stars but haven't had it long enough to tell if it will rate 5 but I think it will.good tv
I BROUGHT THIS 3 DAYS AGO & IT IS WONDERFUL, STUNNING PICTURE EASY TO SETUPMr
this 40 inch tv is for the guest bedroom/study. I love the picture. This is a great tv for a great price! I tell friends about you.Great TV
I purchased this to replace a 29" Panasonic CRT TV. Wanted something bigger and more stylish. The 40" Sceptre fit the bill. It was reasonable in price and had features that I like. I use it with a Standard Definition set top box. The picture is very good. I have it also hooked to a streaming media player on the HDMI port to play movies. Might just be me but I do not see that much of an increase in picture.
Like with most new digital TV, the audio is lacking. They give you a few watts and needs to be cranked to max for us older people. I use a RCA 141 wireless head set when needed. The wife don't like the sound bar. I took off one star because of sound volume (not quality). All in all, this TV fits my bill. just ordered the 23" with DVD player for my guest room.Nice Picture but audio weak
I'm very satisfied with my purchase, very good picture.performance
The picture is extremely fuzzy. Not to happy with it.There is better.
Decent cheap TV, no major problems, but the pictures is just way too dim (even after working through all the options). Fine for a huge bedroom TV if you can get it on sale, but for a main TV I would spend the extra $200 and get a decent brand.When it was on sale for $250, GREAT bargain
The first Sceptre LCD t.v. I purchased was great. This second purchase was a gift and there was a defective plug. The color, picture and sound was fine. Unfortunately I had to return this item.Defective
It is only a 60hZ so the picture quality is blurry. Volume is fine and it is a fairly large size screen. It is light and easy to put the base on and pick up to place on the tv stand. Overall ok but the blurry faces with movement bothers meBlurry
For a 40" 1080p HDTV, I really can't complain, especially considering price. I am a snob about picture quality, but at a 60Hz refresh rate, you can't expect too much. I like the remote better than remotes of higher priced TV's I have owned. If you can get it at a good price, it is a good extra TV.Low price, decent quality, good remote
This TV was excellent in many ways given the sale price with tax being less than $350. The medium to well lit scenes are excellent but slightly dark scenes and the dark clothing on atheletes lacked details. Overall screen was too dark to be pleasing. After adjusting the settings many times, it became difficult to like it enough to keep it. Packed it back into the box for returning it to a store soon. It could be that the unit I received had this type of situation which may or may not be persistent in other units.Dark scenes too dark
Waited 2 weeks for in store pick-up. Went to set TV up next day and found a puncture hole in the box. Screen was ruined. Took the TV back to my local store. To make a long story short, had a wonderful experience with the store associates in Marietta, Ohio. The Manager went out of the way to make me happy and I left the store happy and with a new TV. Thank you to them.Shipping damage.
I'm a huge deal shopper when I need to be, and as soon as I saw this TV for $300 with hundreds of great reviews I jumped. Unfortunately, while everything about it is great, including sound (there are so many options!), picture quality, etc., I received a TV with two dead pixels almost right in the middle of the screen. I'm constantly finding my eyes drawn to those two blue dots, and it's getting annoying, especially when I'm watching something that has a lot of dark colors in it. I bought a three year warranty for cheap ($28) when I bought the TV. I think I'm gonna need it if I'm already having issues out of the box. I would have done it sooner if I weren't so busy during the day, but I plan on calling customer service or whatever to see what can be done - maybe a return/exchange? Hopefully it's not that much of a hassle. Otherwise it seems like a perfectly great TV, especially for the size and price.Best Deal Means Sacrifice
sound is soooo muffled :(bad sound
This set is truly a bargain in terms of price--yes, the sound is bad, but get a decent set of computer speakers for under $50, hook them up, and you will have yourself a great low-cost setup. The TV's picture out of the box is atrocious. Make sure you turn off the Dynamic Contrast, drop the sharpness down near the 30-range, adjust the other settings to your liking, etc, and the picture immediately becomes fantastic...

...unless you are watching something with dark, low contrast cinematography. I don't know whether the unit I own has some sort of screen burn (it shouldn't considering it is brand new and has barely been used) or if it is a backlight issue, but there are noticeable vertical white streaks that run the entire length of the screen straight across the middle. These only become distracting when, say, you are watching something like a horror movie with very low lighting levels (it's especially distracting if there is hand held cinematography, like the film Antichrist, because the image is bouncing around but the lines are still there, dead center of the image). This is not visible at all with most programs, but I first noticed it when I put in, say, the Blu-ray of Interview with the Vampire, a film with very flat contrast levels and low lighting. If you watch a film with bright colors and high contrast, like last year's Drive, for example, the picture is fabulous, no streaks. It is still seriously distracting enough to make me drop the Picture Quality rating down two stars. Were it not for these apparent backlighting issues, this set (when properly adjusted, of course) would get a full five stars in that department, especially at this price range. It's a shame then that you do indeed get what you pay for.Excellent quality--barring one glaring flaw
The background is kind of gray and that is not adjustable. The overal quality is worthy the price.Not as good as I thought.
Good value, size, picture, and remote. The volume goes loud enough, but the sound quality is not what I hoped. It is lacking in the bass end. Even when I adjusted the equalizer I could not get the full sound I wanted.Good value, dissapointed in the sound.
Purchased before Christmas. Had the TV for 2 days and it stopped working. Had to return for a new replacement. The replacement has been working fine.First Flat Screen
We've only had this TV for week but so far so good. As with all new TV's the sound quality is horrible. Just a ploy so you buy surround sound.Good price
Once got it set up works well. Needed to call customer service for instruction on programming language. User manual was not all that easy to follow. Overall happy with sound and picture. Was not an expensive TV so time will tell how dependable this product will be.For the money pretty good
I just needed a tv to watch a little news before work not used much so value was the first issue. good tv not top of the line quality.good tv for the price
Good tv for the price. No complaints yet except a little cheap in manufacturing quality.Ok picture, Ok sound, good price
This tv was a okay buy considering the price. I had the hardest time trying to get the picture right. Even with HD, the picture is still not crystal clear. Even with trying to adjust the color it didn't work but the price was good.Okay buy for the price
I purchased this TV during the Black Friday sale for 250. Thought it was a good deal despite the reviews about the sound. Well, those people weren't kidding. The sound is absolutely terrible. Sounds worse then my daught's Hello Kitty alarm clock radio. I will have to purchase a pair of speaker for it. Now with that said....it was a cheap set. I don't have it hooked to HD so I can't speak to that. The Standard def picture looks good. . In the end I would not have purchased this at full price but am satisfied considering what I paid.No joking about the sound
I have this Tv at home and it has excellent and vivid picture quality. I recently bought a Ilive Sound bar to help with the sound because the speakers sit under/below the Tv. I don't have a problem with this brand because the 32 in Sceptre I had before was extremely loud and clear that is what made me purchase this brand. It is great for the value but the sound in the Tv should be louder.TESTING THE WATERS!!
volume is the only issuegood deal for the money
Does not pick up digital channels from a TV antenna. Under the "description" it says tv has a digital tuner, but under the "specifications" says an analog tuner.Works fine, but
I was very pleased with both picture and sound. The sound was weak when first set up, but the problem was with the default settings, not the TV. From December through March, we had zero problems. On March 31, it would not turn on. It is completely dead. I guess now we will find out how good Walmart's replacement/return policy is.Worked perfectly for three months
clear and easy hook up.decent for the price
Picture is great for the money. Have to keep sound between 50(halfway point) and 100(max). Surprised as this TV is in my bedroom. will probably have to buy a sound bar so I won't blow the speakers which will cost me the $100 I was originally saving from buying a bigger name brand.Did I really save any money?
I was perfectly satisfied with the sound and picture as long as it worked. About 32 months. Then the picture developed lines and blurs. Sceptre tech support said to buy a new TV.Good until it wasn't
The TV arrived as promised. It was intuitive to set up and start watching. For me, the picture was below average when watching non-HD content (not crisp, washed out, etc.). HD content was much better, still not what I would have expected.You get what you pay for
The size for the price is GREAT. The sound quality is horrible and the stand for the TV is shabby.Basic tv
Mehis awight
It needs another audio video input.Good tv
The sound and picture quality on this tv are average. Yes it was a bargain price so I wasn't expecting something top of the line. I played around with the picture settings until I was ok with the picture. The 4 black screws were not included for the base setup. They were listed on the packing list, but not included. Luckily I had a stash of screws and 4 that fit the bill.Average
For the price, this TV exceeded my expectations. It arrived in excellent condition and has a very good picture.Great price for 40" HD LED TV
Brought this TV online for $279 during the Black Friday sale in 2011, so I've had it for a little over a year. Good price but the sound goes out when I watch, if I consistently use it. It started doing it about 3 weeks after I had it and assumed it was my Comcast Box. But I had it replaced and my Dynex TV has the same box with no issues. When the sound goes out I have to turn the tv off a few times and turn it back on or unplug it for 3-5 minutes. I didn't take it back because it was such a cheap deal and Im not a big tech person so it just wasnt worth the hassle. It doesn't do it alot but enough to get annoyed when you're watching something good (happens maybe once ever few months, like when I spend a weekend home and its on for long periods of time)

The TV also does not the option to switch to 3D although manual and box says it does.

If you want a cheap TV for kids or family nights that does the basics, its fine..... It's not a good tv for everyday use or people who are tech savvy.. . . . But you get what you pay for. For me it was worth $279 but not a penny moreYou Get What You Pay For. . . . Good but not Great
I purchased this TV due to good ratings. However my TV was defective. When I contacted tech support they were easy to diagnose the problem and suggested to get it replaced. The problem was every time I would turn the TV off it would always reset to the default settings, meaning I would go thru the process of auto scan every time, very annoying.Purchased due to good ratings
Great value from WalmartAverage TV
Great Picture, but, the sound (volume) is poor. Have to turn it up almost all the way for some channels :( . However, for the screen size, it is worth the money I paid for it!Good TV!
We bought a 42" Sceptre and within a year it has broken twice. It is currently out for repairs. It broke 6 months after buying it, then again 7 months after that. It is becoming a hassle. Good thing we bought a 3 year extended warranty. I was told that it has to break 4 times before it is considered a lemon and can be returned for a new one. Do your homework, compare and pay attention. It may be smarter to pay a little extra for a name brand and a more reliable TV. Hopefully this repair holds, either that or it breaks 2 more times before the warranty runs out so it can be replaced.Be Sceptical
Have to adjust sound too frequently - that's very frustrating. Sometimes I'm at a 10 & sometimes a 60. Unable to connect older DVDplayer unless I unhook set top box that connects the cable. Overall it's a good TV for the price. Did not have to make any picture adjustments.Good TV for the price
Good picture and great price.great price..
not badnice
has a great picture but the sound is terrible even when using a sound bar you have to turn it way up. I know some will say well your not adjusting it correctly. I install stereo equipment and believe me I know what im doing but the picture is great but it is unbelievable that a company would allow this product be sold with the sound as it is.Great Picture , Terrible sound .
Picture could be better, ok for bedroom.Very good price.
Bought this tv for my 13 year old. The picture is great with video games. Not so good with regular tv. I don't have the hd receiver in his room. The hd receiver may make a world of difference. But, for my son, the tv was a great value for the size. He is completely happy.Great for gaming!
I bought 2 TVs this Christmas...a $2400 plasma to replace the main unit in our family room and this one as a workout TV for the basement so it had big shoes to fill! It's all around adequate but the sound quality is horrendous. I'd recommend running the audio through an aftermarket small home theater system or a simple soundbar. If you're looking for real basic viewing material at a low price, this is a good option.It's a bargain TV
Picture quality could be better,but overall is a good price fot the size ,I would recommend this brand to a friend.Good for the price
This tv is a budget tv and that's it. The picture and sound quality are no better than my old picture tube except for when I play a dvd. And then its only slightly better.Not as great as i hoped it'd be...................
The pic is not as good as my other TVs. Harder to adjust ..not the best
I bought this T.V. after going to look at them in store. The picture quality was good but not the best. At 1080 p I thought I would be happy with it. I found it to be sub optimal in picture quality and am thinking of returning it. You really do get what you pay for when it comes to buying electronics, so if you have to have that perfect, crisp picture I'd pay a bit more and get a Samsung with a 120 refresh rate.Suboptimal picture quality.
Was expecting better quality pictures, but good price.Okay
Tv is great.. had to mess w the color, contrast and brightness when first hooked up. . Had alot of red tones..sceptre tv
Not bad product for the cheap price.Great product for the price
Sound sometimes fades in and out. Don't know if it is set or cable station.Have digital cable WOW TV needs receiver box.
5 phone calls over two days, 3 days later, no one ever answers the phone for tech support and no one ever calls you back as the recording says they are going to. I don't think they have any employees working in tech support at all.Don't call for tech support, no one works there
It was ok. Sound quality was a bit weak but bearable. Picture could have been better...but expected for the low price. A low budget TV for those that want basic. The sleek design was nice. Very compact and not bulky. Decided not to keep it. Opted for a Samsung instead with a bit higher price.Basic TV
I've only had this Sceptre for one week - so far so goof. Not the best picture but certainly not the worst by any meansRight for the price!
You still get what you pay for and I got a smoking deal on this one, or so I think but anyway. Overall I think I would recommend this one and it seems to do everything it says as I have used all features except plugging in my PC and that is coming soon.Fairly pleased
The picture quality is good but could be better. But for what it is, much more can't really even be expected. So overall for the price this T.V. is worth the value.Definetly good for the price.
Just had to return the tv as when I set it up the remote would not work. I contacted support and was told immediately that it was the tv, it remotr. I tried a universal remote and it did not work either. So I had to return t. While I did have it on, the pic and sound were very good for the price.Oops
This was a great value. I bought 2 one was defective. The other was fine. I returned one only to find our walmart did not carry them so I had to spend more money to get another brand.50 / 50
My first flatscreen TV. I do love that it takes up less room. The only complaint I have with this TV is to use remote you have to make sure you are pointing it at the right bottom corner for it to work. You have to be very accurate where you are pointing it. Otherwise so far it seems fine.good TV/1 complaint on remote
For the money, it's a lot of TV. Good size, lightweight, plenty of inputs, and good picture.

The only place it falls flat is the sound quality, which is very cheap and tinny-sounding. Like laptop speakers. Best used as a secondary TV or with a separate audio system. It does have a soundbar output, if you want to go that route.

It's in my bedroom and not used all that often, so it's not a big deal.

Heck of a step up from the 27" 480p CRT it replaced. I think I paid about the same money for that TV just a few years ago. :-)Decent TV for the money. Sound is not very good.
The picture is decent. Sound quality is terrible, but it was a very reasonably priced tv. It is worth what I paid for it.Good tv for the price.
Just bought this tv 2 weeks ago for my garage. The picture quality and features really are great for the price. However, much like the other reviews, the sound quality is less than desire able. Way too low and a little muffled even when the volume is at the max. Would definitely recommend the purchase of a sound bar as well.Bought TV for my garage
Meets my expectations for an inexpensive tv. I saw the reviews about poor sound quality but I totally disagree.Good tv
Not the best tv out there but good enough for the price you pay for itGood tv for the price
The picture quality is okay. The sound is okay and it has all of the basic features that you need in a TV. If you are looking for a mind-blowing audio-visual experience, this isn't it. It's pretty good for a cheap TV.A basic TV
I ordered an XB405BV-FHD3 and received the correct model. However there is a picture in the description that shows the inputs and outputs on the back of the television and the television that I received does not have all of those inputs and outputs that the picture shows. I specifically ordered this TV because I don't have HD cable but do have an S-video output on my cable box. The television I received does not have the S-video input that the picture in the description shows. I paid more for this television specifically to have the S-video input. Due to the hassle of returning an item of this size I will probably keep it as it works fine and still hooks up to the cable box via the A/V cables, but I really wanted something I could use S-video with because S-video provides a better picture than the standard A/V cable set up.The picture in the description is wrong!!!!
I had to return the TV due to a defect on the top molding. It had a blue streak at the top of the screen.returned tv
The TV is wonderful for the price. The screen is a little stretched to view and HD is not as clear as I would hope but you can't beat the price.Great Buy
Because it is not a reqular market item, syncing it with the rest of systems was not possible. it was very light and for the price a Good Product.Good Product But.
The only complaint I have is that there is a slight picture wave every so often. I've been told that this is normal on this type of tv. I can live with that but do plan to upgrade when I can to a smart tv.Good deal if bought on sale.
I can't hear it unless the sound is turned up to %100. I am returning itPicture good Probably ok if you had a sound bar
great picture sound very low other wise goodimprove sound
sound not goodsound not great
The picture isn't that great but just using for home security cameras so it is fine for that and couldn't beat the sale priceNice for the Price
I thought I was getting a cable ready TV only to find that there was no coaxial cable input. I had to hook a "DTA" box from the cable company with a HDMI cable to get digital cable. I would have taken it back, but I really liked the picture both on cable and hooked up to my PC that I stream video through. The PC has its own sound system. Granted the sound on cable is a little tinny but adequate. It's not the best but the price was right.Not Quite What I expected
Picture is ok but the sound is horrible.needed new one
Bought for a Christmas gift for my mom. So I cannot give an accurate review of product. However - I CAN SAY excellent price for the product!! If I needed a new TV myself I would have bought one for myself as well.did not purchase for myself
For the price, and for a bedroom, good tv. Image is very good, the only bad feature is the volume. I have to increase it to almost max and then it's still not clear sometimes.
I'll just have to connect some speakers box and then it'll be perfect!Good tv for a bedroom
This was bought for me as a gift so I didn't want to complain when the speaker got a short right after I got it. I've had to have it hooked up to stereo speakers since then. You'd think when you bought something new it would be awhile before something went wrong.Speaker got a short
I purchased this TV for my son as a Christmas gift. The picture quality exceeded my expectations. It was easy to setup and use. I would have given this device a higher overall rating had it not developed an issue after one and a half years. The TV would not turn on without having to hit the switch numerous times. The last time it was accidentally turned off, it never came back on. Apparently this is a common issue for this TV. Based on the quick death rate, I would not recommend this TV.Overall good picture quality for price
Bought For Bedroom For My Hopper And Xbox All 1080p HDMI Hook Ups ..Picture Quality Is Descent Turn Sharpness To 0, Sharpness "Useless" Only Makes Things Worse, And Dim Contrast And Brightness to 40 To Get Rid Of Blurring..Sound Is Horrible Out Of The Box...Go To Sound Settings And Click on Equalizer Tab and Crank All Settings To 7, Does Wonders!!! If You Can Afford The Extra 100-150$ For More Quality Brand Spend It! Previously Had 32' LG 720p, Picture Quality Was Better!

Video Quality For Hulu And Netflix Apps On Xbox Great

TV Is Great For Gaming Average For TV WatchingDescent TV
I don't like the ratio. no matter w hat aspect each end of the show was cut off by 3 inches. but it wasn't always the tv sometimes its the show.
picture is so so. my 22inch rca has better quality then scepter.
I just got it for the size and price, and pc port.great size for the price. 277 with warranty
nice size, easy set up, works well. picture is decent. very light weightgood for the price
I got it delivered on a monday. It was working fine with nice HD when all of a sudden on friday while a wtching a show all I could hear was the audio with no picture. I troubledshootered the satelite signal with the Direct TV technician on the phone. But after checking everything else it became clear it was the TV itself. Since I had the box and packing materiasls I took it back to WalmartIt didn't last very long
ONLY CAN PROGRAM IN ANALOG CHANNELS. WAS TOLD BY CUSTOMER SERVICE I'LL NEED A DIGITAL BOX FROM THE CABLE COMPANYMY OTHER SCEPRE (SMALLER SCREEN) PROGRAMS ANALOG AND DIGITAL FROM THE CABLE OUT OF THR WALL.NO DIGITAL
The Family is enjoying thus farOwner
works fine...picture quality ok for the price paid for the tv...good for a bedroom or extra room in the house...would not recommend for the main tv in the homegood tv for the price
Was a little disappointed in the clarity of the TV. It being 1080 HD I expected more, but for the money, it serves its purpose.Sceptre 40" LED Flat Screen
I ordered one with a digital tuner and they sent me one without a digital tuner. So I contacted sceptre and they took care of it. I am happy with TV.Sent wrong tv
Good TV for the price but it didn't come with remote and piece for the stand,returned it and second TV had same problem! Called Sceptre, they were very nice and sent me the missing piece's. Got them in just two days. TV has good picture but the sound could be better so I got some Logitec spekers for $39.00 now has very good sound with subwoofer!... be advised TV does not come with a QAM turner. But if you don't need a QAM turner and most people don't, for $269.00 total (including Logitec spekers) not a bad deal for a 40" HDTV.GOOD FOR THE PRICE....BUT
I like this TV. Great price Nice picture and pretty good sound. The only issue I 've had was this TV does not put out 720 when on standard TV. It only put's out 480. But in HD the 1080 is a good quality picture.It would've got 4.5 stars
It's okwell
The picture and sound quality of this TV was great, the stand assembly was fast and simple,but when I ran the Channel setup, it wouldn't pick up any digital channels (my cable company has gone to all digital channels). I called the cable company support and they had me change some settings and try again, still no digital channels. We tried several different settings but nothing worked. I returned the TV and got an LG, it worked fine ' right out of the box'. I would recommend the Sceptre to a friend if the digital tuner worked properly.No digital channels
Can't beat the priceHappy
Sound quality poor. Very tinny sound. Needed external sound sores.Low price tv's sound poor
Good in the emergency I found myself in--- will gift it to a friend for BR TV.Fine small tv
We love the tv although we can't get the digital channels without a different box for our cable. The only thing that has gone wrong is the blue light to let you know that it is on does not work now. We called they said it was ok as long as we could still change channels. Which we can.nice
Had for several months and beginning to have volume issues. Obviously this will be a problem. Otherwise decent tv especially for the price. Hope to resolve.Nice tv
I BOUGHT THIS AROUND THE HOLIDAYS 2013. Have had to send it back already. Purple line in TV. Now there is no volume on one of my sources input. It was a good price. You get what you pay for.good picture
I bought this TV for a good price and I have to say that I was impressed with it when I got it set up. The picture quality was really decent and the sound was more than good enough for my apartment. Unfortunately, on the third day of owning it I tried to turn it on and nothing happened. After double checking that it was not a problem with the plug, I called Sceptre customer service. The guy I talked to told me the TV was defective. I shipped it to them and I'm still waiting to get the TV back. I am hopeful that it will work without any issues but this has already been more of a hassle than it's worth.Good television for the 2 days it worked
I bought this TV because the price was right. I received it, put it together and enjoyed it for awhile. The sound was never really loud even when I turned the volume up. About 6 months after purchase, it wouldn't turn on. Had to send it back to the company and that was a nightmare. It took 2 months to get it all figured out and when I got it back in the mail, parts were broken and they didn't send me the power cord or remote. 8 months later I have to turn the TV on with the remote. The SCEPTRE brand flashes on the screen then it automatically shuts down. I spent over $400 ont his TV that didn't even last 2 years. Very disappointed.Price was right but quality poor.
Tv was fine- but suddenly started going haywire in the screen with lines and Distortion. Bought the warranty so hope to get it fixed/replaced, but I have dealt with warranty's before and its a nightmare. Didn't expect it to quit before it was 2 years old. :(Worked well for about 18 months-then went haywire
RCA connection fuzzy, totally unacceptable, vertical alignment was off. Started to return it, then tried HDMI cable and picture was OK. Bottom line, acceptable for my use considering screen size and cost. Sound was OK, not great.Unacceptable picture unless you use HDMI
Nice tv for the price. Sound is terrible though. I had to buy a sound bar so we could hear it betterYou get what you pay for I guess
Had questions on the tv remote. Tried for 3 days to contact technical support, they would always transfer you to a message service to leave information and said they would return your call. I called six times in three days and still waiting for call.Very Poor customer service
Did not open shipping container because shipping strap punctured outer shipping container. Delivery truck agent must have carried the Sceptre with the shipping strap, not the shipping container. This is a gift for our dad for his use. Plan to install it upon Christmas visit. Interior damage unknown until the Sceptre is removed from the shipping crate and installed.Shipping Container punctured, did not open
I purchased this gift for my husband. We have a slightly smaller television in our bedroom. We were hoping to replace our television with the 40" Sceptre; however, the picture quality did not compare with our current LG. So, we put the Sceptre in the guest room.Just Okay
Very poor sound, if you have a hearing problem not a good set for you.Poor sound
I got this TV for my son to play video games on. The refresh rate of the pixels is not fast enough for gaming. It does make a nice TV for a young kids room with HD hook up.Low end TV for Kids Room
clarity of color not the best. a bit fuzzy on this size screen.not so clear
I liked it until I realized it did not have a digital tuner.
I returned itno digital tuner
Power often doesn't turn on. It's like playing roulette one moment it turns on and u better pray the next time it does.Not worth it
initially satisfied until after exactly 2 years of very limited use it now needs power supply repair...sceptre tv power supply bad
The picture and features on this unit are actually pretty good. However, our unit came with a stuck pixel and that meant we needed warrantee service. Well, the warrantee states that you have to have at least 5 bad pixels before the distributor has any responsibility to do anything. I called Sceptre and they invited me to buy software that "might" fix my problem. 5 pixels is a big spot on your screen, not a small one. If I were you I'd spend the extra $50-$75 to get a better unit.Beware of the warrantee
We bought this TV online at Walmart.com after doing much research. We bought it on November 16 and now, on the 8th of December, the sound is screwed up. There is alot of static coming through the sound, its muffled and the louder you turn up the TV, the worse it gets. I can't even stand to watch it because you can't understand the words on the shows. I called Sceptre and have not gotten any response yet! I emailed Walmart.com to see if they can help. The unfortuante part is we tossed the original box. Crossing my fingers we get help or we're going to be stuck with a $300.00 TV that is horrible! I will never buy another Sceptre TV again and will instead dish out extra money to buy a more expensive brand.Great TV but didn't even last 30 days
Spend that "extra" $100 for a more recognizable name-brand TV. Only 2 months old, and already experiencing grief and consternation. The "savings" is not worth it! TV's should last
at least 10-years. I will really be surprised if this one lasts 10 months!Buy something else
After only two weeks of use the power cable and screen on my TV broke. I would have rated it worse but my sister has had this same model TV for over a year and is satisfied with it. With the cheaper quality TVs I guess you better hope you don't get a lemon like I did.Hit or Miss
I ordered this as Christmas gift for my son and upon opening this to put set it up we discovered it did not work. The screen was black and nothing else came up but a black screen, disappointed at this product. It looks very nice with the brushed metal finish design with matte screen but feels flimsy with base. For the price of $249.00 it's a ok tv, just hope yours works.Poor product
We're disappointed in this product due to the quality of the sound. The picture and color are wonderful, the product looks great but as stated above the sound is terrible. The background sounds and background music are so loud it's almost impossible to understand the dialog. We've adjusted it as instructed in the booklet and it's somewhat better but still unsatisfactory. We would return it to the mfg if it wasn't so much trouble. Someone has suggested getting speakers and attaching to it so they can be adjusted individually. More expense I guess and certainly more trouble and still not sure it will solve the problem. Not even sure speakers can be attached, and certainly not sure it will help. Hopefully the booklet will tell us whether speakers can be attached.Great picture and color. Sound is TERRIBLE
I just received my TV about two weeks ago so far so good the TV has been working good. But my problem was it came without a remote control. Also, the piece and screws for the TV stand did not came. Which I was highly disappointed. But the TV is working fine..Its a good TV BUT.....
I have already returned this TV. It looked like a good value and the reviews were good, but the actual quality of the picture compared to the Vizio we had before was terrible. If you are looking for a clear HD picture, this TV is not for you.Not a good picture
The sound is horrible, the "Sceptre" sign fell off the front, overall it's not a good brand.Never again
I knew this unit had a mixed bag of reviews. Apparently, many folks experienced audio problems - as did I regrettably. Audio sounded like it came through a tin can. I adjusted all the recommended settings (including auto-leveling, etc) and still had awful sound. To make matters worse, the audio volume would periodically get really loud or soft all on its own (even with auto-leveling turned off). I liked the tv's picture so I went and bought a sound bar to get around the tv's internal audio problem but that did not work either. After a week of tinkering with this unit, I finally gave up and exchanged it for a 39" Vizio which I am quite happy with (thus far). So, the bottom line - it is a great deal at $299 if you do not have the audio problems. It has nice video and input selections (coaxial audio out, HDMI, USB, etc). So if your a gambler, go for it and hopefully you will not have the audio troubles.Hope you have better luck than me...
Not a good quality TVTV
Pros: This TV has great sound. Everything is clear and the bass was great; something I love to have lots of during action movies. The price is also unbeatable.

Cons: The picture quality of the TV was horrible. The contrast was so High, just on default settings, that glare came off of everyone's face in the screen - very annoying. Tried to adjust contrast and brightness but something seemed wrong when the best picture I could get was with dynamic contrast off and contrast set at 0 with brightness at 100. When plugged in for cable, lines would race across the screen. Replaced all of the coaxial cable and the same thing resulted. Changed the input to an HDMI and the lines disappeared. These lines were not present on our other TV before/after this. Returned the product.

Notes: I bought two Sceptre's, One was this 40 inch and the other a 32 inch. The 32 inch TV (also bought at walmart) has the best picture I've seen to date, of any I compared in it's price category. My feelings are I got a bad TV with the 40 inch. Will exchange and get another to see. Worth the low price to try.Worst picture quality
This TV came with a dead pixel. I returned it without hassle and will be buying another of the same model. Let's hope that I do not have the same issue. I read many positive reviews and hope to write a good one once I get the next one...Let's try it agan...
The picture quality is ok but not great. The sound is not good at all- The tv vibrates making it hard to focus on the show and hard to hear what is being said. I don't want to go thru the hassle of returning the tv but if I could do it over I would spend a little extra and get a better tv.somewhat disappointed
My Sceptre TV had a great picture and decent sound. The problem is that it failed completely, twice. The first time it was repaired under Walmart's extended warranty (the Sceptre warranty only covers 90 days). The second time I had owned it for 16 months and was told that parts to fix it were not available. This does not bode well for the brand. Ultimately, Walmart refunded my money and I bought another brand.Not reliable
Came with extra parts, volume button doesnt work. have to wonder if this was a refurb, or a return?Open box or refurb
Television packing did not have the screws to mount the tv to the stand, owner's manual, warranty card nor a remote control. I had to call Sanyo to have them send these items to me. Tv is extremely large and heavy. I found out by Sanyo that this tv was actually manufactured in 2011 but the sticker on the back said 2013.....had I known this I would not have purchased this television. Picture quality is not that great for a 1080p.Definately NOT what I expected!
We bought this TV for my Dad for Christmas 2012. It had a great picture. It died 1yr and 2 months later. Took it to see if it could be fixed. They said it had a bad main board. It was going to cost 231.00 to get it fixed. Then they called back and said they couldn't order parts for this TV yet. This TV should have lasted him for a long time. He is on a fixed income. This is going to hurt him having to go buy a new TV.Great picture but died 1yr and 2 months later
i wish that I would have upgraded my purchase. the picture is not as clear as thought. I don't think that I will make another purchase of this product.scepture tv
Purchased this TV....picture good sound horrible horrible horrible
I have it hooked up to my Apple TV product and I do not enjoy it at all because of this TV sound
hopefully I can purchase the sound bar to this TV separately for a better quality soundGreat picture ...HORRIBLE HORRIBLE SOUND
For the price, I guess you get what you paid for. Within 3 months there was a dime to quarter size dead pixel spot. Then in a year the TV began to have remote connection problems and in another 6 months the whole thing died. Motherboard just stopped working as did the whole TV. Repair shop could not even fix it. Buy a brand name you know and trust! Forget this one!Not worth the MONEY!
I received this TV, hooked it up and loved it for about to weeks and then the screen went BLACK! I should have heeded the negative reviews, but the deal was amazing! I just returned it and would never buy this brand again! You have been warned!Great TV for ABOUT 2 weeks!
The tv is advertised as having a crisp picture. It doesn't. I would have not purchased it if it was on display at Walmart.Mr. Disappointed
The frame was warped and defective.40 inch Tv
I bought this inexpensive TV to use while working out in the basement. The plan was to hang it up on the wall and watch exercise videos or the latest episode of Scandal. Unfortunately, the mounting metal hardware (that receives the screw x4) on the back of the TV, became easily dislodged from the surrounding plastic after the slightest bit of tension on the screw. Same thing with the 2nd and 3rd holes - once this occurs, there's nothing you can do except use the stand that was supplied with the TV. Since that wasn't my plan, I returned it to my local Wal-mart store. After some initial confusion on their part (the store didn't actually sell this brand) they took the TV and returned my $$. I then went to another store, bought a different brand and it worked great.Very cheap mounting hardware
not thrilled overall, but price is right . what more can I expect. hope it last awhile.good price
I bought one of these for my mother, and it did not work long...maybe one year. The picture was not quality either...so will never buy this brand again.sceptre downfall
Great picture, great pricePerfect!
Was damaged in shipping. Won't order online again.Broken
TV was damaged upon arrival. No obvious damage to the outer container, but the screen was tweeked and the picture only half there.Arrived damaged
TV was delivered to my home. It never worked. It would not even power on, ever. I will never buy another one.Not a happy customer.
I ordered this TV model because it was supposed to have a Clear QAM tuner. The TV That I received was a different one without that feature and would not work for me. The special price was over so it could not be reordered so I returned the TV for a refund.Not what I ordered
Poor image blurryPoor
I ordered the TV online and it arrived in a reasonable amount of time. However, after only a few days, black lines began to roll through the screen. I was told that I can return it to the store and get a refund minus the tax that I paid...so I guess shipping isn't free when you have a return!Terrible Picture
When I turned it on for the first time after unpacking it. It would not do anything.online order
The speakers in the tv lasted 2 weeks. Have a repair tech from Sceptre coming tomorrow to put new ones in. Certain voices/sounds cause them to vibrate like a blown speaker. It goes up to 80 on sound scale and was never turned about 20 and this still happened. I truly believe they do this so they can sell the sound bar.Great picture, poor sound
TV never worked right out of the box. All the picture does is flash for the first 20 minutes or so.Doesn't work
After receiving the TV, it showed lines in the TV when set up and had to be returned.Not a clear picture
The picture quality is great but the sound goes completely off at times. I have had to turn the tv off and on a couple of times to get the sound back on. I have no idea why it does this. Am considering returning it to local store.Great picture, terrible sound
The tv was damaged. Couldn't even get a picture.40" tv
After opening the box found that the remote and the metal piece that holds the stand onto the TV is missing. Going to stand in the return line tomorrow to see what can be done.Missing parts
The TV worked fine up until after the 90 day return policy. Then my HDMI ports went completely out and now I'm trying to contact customer service because the TV comes with a 1yr warranty.TV and customer service
The picture was terrible and I returned it almost immediatlyBad Picture
Buyers beware! Great price, but poorly made.No Bueno....bad out of the box, returned the TV.
